that guy's pronunciation is pretty awful for someone who's supposed to be knowledeable. like he keeps pronouncing kshatriya as ka-sha instead of ksha. such an egregious mistake, just kind of grating to hear.
what of poles that we can't observe or verify? i believe there are only so many poles we can identify and use, but everything else requires the one capability unique to humans, belief. imho, suspending belief and only assenting to verifiable knowledge will only hinder humanity.
i don't think adamson claims to be an expert about it, which is why he does it in conjunction with ganeri. i guess it doesn't bother me because he's clear enough and at the very least consistent. then again i'm so used to speakers butcher french and german (and english) philosophical terms, so it's hard to get too worked up about it.
feels like a alternative historical account of deleuze and guattari. i've been listening to his indian philosophy "without any gaps" that he does in conjunction with peter adamson and it's quite interesting.
english isn't my native language, and despite being fluent in it, i've had a hard time reading this text, and this passage that you quoted specifically. could you tell me if i am getting it right? from what i've understood, this passage suggests that we should face life with an open mind, and not be dogmatic and think that only one way of seeing things(as science) will be the best. it suggests that we should make use of a practical attitude of living totally in the present, do not judge others people or things (example as to block out any kind of learning that would emerge from such encounter). the part of stasis/flux and causal interconnections is quite unclear to me... anyone care to elucidate? thanks in advance!
really fascinated by this: "a naya is not a proposition but a practical attitude, a strategy or policy that guides enquiry: it is an approach to the problem of producing knowledge, not a proposition about the sources of justification. one such policy might be to attend only to what is immediately present in experience, another might be to enumerate everything one encounters without making any categorical distinctions, another to attend to stasis rather than flux, or to causal interconnections rather than to essential attributes." thank you for sharing this. knowledge is difficult to attain (socrates seems to think it impossible) but strategies like these at coming closer to knowledge are truly a breath of fresh air during times of such chaos.
there is a epistemological framework that state that distinctions are the basis for grasping reality. without tracing distinctions, you can't see anything. it may be an illusion, but it might be a necessary one.
there seems to be a whole lot of stuff hanging off the biblical reference to a tree. first, the "tree of knowlegde" in the bible is not the tree of all knowledge...it is the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. second, among the majority of biblical scholars it is considered purely literary/metaphorical. it does not have an actual species. ok, interesting discussion here otherwise. please carry on.
he does frequently apologize for his weak pronounciation though.
this all sounds a bit like "alienation of labor" from marxism. i could be totally wrong, i went to culinary school and learned all of my philosophy from stoned college kids.
it's going through examples of strategies to gain knowledge (or at least ways of examining the possibility of gaining knowledge). the first two methods as you mentioned are 1) only paying attention to things that are present and around you or 2) examining things as they come without making judgements about them. the first of the other two methods is to only examine things that are in stasis 'stay the same' as opposed to usual methods of examining things in flux 'that are changing'. the second is to examine a things 'causal connections' to other things rather than any specific attribute of the thing itself. by causal connections it mean the way it effects other objects or concepts, what it causes to happen.
you've misinterpreted this piece, it does not make a relativist claim that all ideas are of equal value. it makes the claim that there exists different legitimate approaches to **producing** knowledge, not that all sources of **justification** are legitimate. i would recommend you reread the second and third paragraphs.
treebeard once said: "things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." but that's also what my old roommate would say after a bong rip..
what did your buddy snorting the rails of cocaine use to say? ;)
the tree of knowledge is civilization, totalitarian agriculture, and man taking his life into his own hands. where before we lived in the hands of god as other animals do, we now play god on our own and routinely feel the consequences of the original sin. daniel quinn ishmael
by definition, it is a talent or ability. juggling, cooking, public speaking. it's a specific function that can be exercised, developed and has a tangible, observable outcome. confidence, if you think about it, is faith in yourself and your abilities. it's more of a demeanour (or, as i said, a trait) than anything else.
because confidence isn't a task. you *are* confident. there are skills associated with confidence, but confidence itself is a disposition.
a skill is a skill. social, mechanical, physical or whatever. just because you may not like the particular skill someone is commenting on, doesn't give you the right to ban them or shame them from using iwtl. if you don't like the skill or issue that someone is discussing, don't read it! it really is that simple.
the only way to be confident is to act confident and hope it eventually sticks. i'm not a very confident person and introverted to boot, though fairly sociable. there are a ton of people who think i'm an extrovert based solely on baseless bravado that i throw off as confidence. to be confident, you only need to fake it till you make it.
i agree, but without categorizations, why bother with different subreddits?
the problem i have with soft skills here is that i think their learning processes generally need to be more suited to the actual person. for a hard skill, any procedures or resources can be applicable to pretty much anyone. soft skills are often like: "here's *my* problem, how do *i* go about solving it?" for hard skills it's almost always "how does *one* go about learning this?" and that's why soft skill requests are repeated more often. they're more likely to be about the person than the subject, so more people want to post their own thing instead of searching. basically i think soft skills should be allowed, but people should try to keep both requests and responses general so it's useful for everyone. personal advice is better suited to a different sub.
but you're advocating placing them all in the same pot... there are no "different fields" when everything is in the same field. that's what categorization is for. you need different fields if you are to cross them
i'm trying to figure out what the hell everyone is complaining about.
just because you only know of the one way to do it doesn't make it less of a skill...
very true, but i personally feel that if i'm going to bother someone with a question i should at least take the time to phrase it and work on it a little bit. i know, it isn't going to catch on, but i'll keep trying.
right. so then, when a person comes to you and asks "i want to learn to be confident", then they are asking you what tangible, observable things that they can do in order to develop a sense of confidence. i think that the "observable" part might be where the confusion lies: a feeling of confidence is observable *to the person who experiences the feeling*. but not anyone else. they can look at that persons actions and judge whether or not they seem confident, but cannot observe the persons emotions directly. like i've said though, just because its not something you can do, doesn't make it any less observable. the person performing the act will be able to judge whether or not the strategy they have developed has increased their sense of confidence, and that makes anything that they have done to gain that a skill. it just doesn't seem like it from an outside perspective.
i think you might be a bit of a "bitter dick". i think of this subreddit as a place to learn tips and tricks to becoming better as a person (including the emotional management).
because ideas grow better when you let them cross-germinate in different fields.
if you could improve your height with practice then height would be a skill.
right there in the sidebar: "*iwanttolearn is meant to help people who are looking for help starting a major project or learning a new skill.*" right there with you, this stuff isn't supposed to be here.
if you think critically about the question, you can see that a person isn't actually asking to learn how to confidence, but what things they can do to achieve confidence. those things, taken together, are a skill. all you've presented is a semantic argument.
i'm sort of torn. social skills are still skills. not being awkward around guys/girls isn't exactly learning to play guitar, but it is something to learn nonetheless. maybe it should be upon the mods to push those kinds of questions to the right place. threads like this aren't exactly welcoming to newcomers, and those newcomers may not fully grasp what this sub is to be about. a friendly nudge would probably be sufficient.
using the example "iwtl how to not feel anxiety in social situations", this is a broad and generic skill, and without a much more refined question it cannot bear any real help. a better question would be "iwtl anxiety management techniques" or "iwtl scientific methods to manage anxiety." the broad question can be approached this way, but a more refined question fits this sub better and will more likely yield results for the poster, as these questions ask for a specific skill.
if we're arguing about whether or not something is a skill, that *is* a semantic argument.
i see your point, but what you're referring to is more of a phrasing than the question itself. for example, when i read the op, i disagreed because iwtl is iwtl, not iwtl a specific skill. unfortunately, wanting people to prase things a certain way is really fruitless. if everyone could ask questions about certain things in a clear, concise way that would yield the best results, we'd all be sitting around holding hands and singing kumbaya.
i blame the people who upvote them more than anything.
thats an excellent personal criteria for judging whether or not you vote and comment on a post, but it doesn't work as well when it's a general rule.
but you can practice confidence via different techniques and you learn to become confident. i would say that's a skill. yes some people are more naturally confident, but i know that at times i have learnt to become more confident (although deep down still having no confidence still) and became a better person due to it. blegh, i hope this makes sense... i'm drunk...
yes, and i am stating that you have not presented anything other than that semantic argument. do you have any objections to the ideas themselves?
the only common thing between java and javascript is the name.
hate to bombard you with questions, but...is it possible to make simple rpg/jrpg games with javascript? also, does codeacademy teach java script?
true, but life is much easier if you choose a specialization that has a high opportunity/dreamchasers ratio. becoming an edm dj or freelance photographer? horrible idea, the number of opportunities out there is tiny compared to the masses of people also chasing the same dream. electrical or mechanical engineering? much better. accounting? probably the best, but there's few people who desire to become accountants for a damn good reason. the relatively high and stable pay makes up for it, however.
japanese on duolingo is supposedly very bad and at times, incorrect. just as a warning. duolingo isn't the greatest language learning resource. it's okay for more basic languages.
i've been learning french and japanese on duolingo. it's so easy and accessible. and keeping a daily streak for any habit will help, so keep that in mind.
java: make simple video games. then jump to android (it's actually java). you'll learn an invaluable skill.
people here have the right idea. the world you're going to come out into is going to be heavily dominated by computer programming.
i've heard that, my question was which is better to learn (especially if you want to get into app development)?
specialization is valued in our economy. if computer programming is your thing then go ahead. if its not, then do something else.
if yer a furry then yeah, not hard. well, i guess something might be...
no idea, never had spanish. i do know a bit of french.
you would sound like a perfectly authentic francophone speaking english!
faked british accents aren't cool in my opinion. mostly because i went to school with a really annoying girl who always tried to impress by putting on her most posh stupid accent in class. ugh. hated her. she wasn't even that great at english. usually i don't mind my own accent since i can't hear it too much but sometimes i get self conscious about the fact that it'll stick with me forever, even if i move to an english speaking country. i don't wanna be that foreigner nobody can talk to because while they're speaking english, you have no idea what they're saying because of a heavy accent.
great story, i wonder how these kids (all grown up now) feel about the creation of an independent kurdish state which is closer than ever. the iraqi krg are holding a referendum on a kurdish state/kurdish independence very soon, and the sdf and ypg/ypj have almost a de facto state in the north of syria.
but a porcupine concubine could be a thing ya know ?
how the hell is hmm-mmh supposed to be pronounced? do you mean mmh- hmm?
sure, eliza dushku, who is faith from buffy, her family is from albania. she went a few years back and did some stuff there and got an eagle tattoo.
some were very young when they left. one said that her first memory was the red cross air drops of food while they walked to turkey.
we use both, didn't know british don't use yelling. there's also hollering here.
[](/ppseesyou "hello flair") horses or no horses, that's really not a question when you just want light conversation :p [](/sp) also i feel like geography classes and history classes over the world don't mention much of albania maybe to send the message that it's a boring country ;)
i still worry about using the word "chagrin" because for the longest time i didn't know if the "ch" was hard or soft. (afaik it's soft - "sha-grin")
the word that fucks me up the most, as a native (american) english speaker is jaguar. is it jag-war or jag-u-ar? i only hear people rich enough to own one (the car, not the cat) say it the second way, but i'm not rich enough to own one so idk.
don't worry, i'm 16, live in america, and have no clue what a concubine is
hey, i love dirty jokes. make it anyway. boy can i relate to that last line. sometimes i forget my own accent and switch to an extremely southeastern, extremely irritating accent that i probably picked up from spending so much time with our relatives who live in a southeastern town. i also roll my r's all the time. doesn't help that in my native language the rolled r and the soft r are separate letters.
i've visited tirana, it was mind blowing cause we went in february and it's the farthest south i've been inside europe (am from estonia myself). freaked out lots of people because i refused to wear a coat in something like 15 degrees - we were having -10 at home so i had no interest in giving a fuck.
i wouldn't know. i'm hoping to ditch my accent anyway. i barely use my native language anymore, lol. despite living here still. communication is easier in english.
there isn't really a modern use for it. a man might have a mistress or a 'kept woman' but generally speaking he's not trying to use them for backup kids if his wife can't produce an heir. you could live a perfectly normal life without ever knowing what it meant.
oh god i really hope you didn't refer to morbid things as mormon out loud i would have died of embarrassment
that made me smile lol. thank you. fortunately i'm getting over my stutter bit by bit, and now it's pretty much only there when i'm around strangers or some pretty girl. lmao. also, i love your attitude towards all this stuff. you sound like a fun person to be around.
english is fun like that. like, hy-per-bo-le, not hy-per-bole. why is it "pronunciation" while you "pronounce"? the list is endless!
english is my native language and i've honestly never heard condominium used, like ever. i googled it, they're just flats aren't they?
yeah, she's albanian. also fun fact, the eagle is our national symbol which explains the tattoo. our flag is a two headed eagle too. we're badass as fuck.
i'm definitely going to pronounce it "an-tell-oh-pee" now.
maybe plethora you were getting confused with poinsettia?
it's kind of funny since you know her... but as someone who has similar problems, i would highly encourage you to help her pronounce things correctly. i say a few things oddly/incorrectly (and i can't hear the difference/it sounds right in my head but my mouth doesn't do the right thing) and it makes my coworkers lose respect for me and generally people think i'm less intelligent (when that isn't the case, i received excellent grades in university and excel at work). it's very frustrating and could cause self esteem issues for some people (luckily, i know myself well enough that i can brush it off/get irritated with myself rather than sad). please. do her a favour and *help her learn* to do it right, or she'll have more difficulty as she gets older. don't giggle about it because that type of attention might make her think it's ok to sound dumb and that is something you'll both regret when she's trying to break into a professional setting.
that's why i figured i'd point it out! i know that sort of thing can get lost in translation with second languages
i know and i don't get the logic. the hell do you mean it's not ar-kansas?
points out what? also, if you don't mind me asking, which sounds do you usually make instead of th?
i am dutch. i know a bit of french and german, and english obviously.
mother theresa and john belushi also are albanian!
i used to read the word 'misled' as 'mizzled' and thought it meant something like annoyance or feeling indignation. i was 18 when i found out it was not a word. i still use it sometimes because i like it.
when i was in middle school, saddam was really cracking down on the kurdish population and a lot of them were being given political asylum in the us. i was volunteering with an old teacher with some kids who were upper elementary through early high school. they were fresh off the boat. most had been in refugee camps for years. their english was not so good, but they wanted to learn the language and the customs of the us. one of the best phrases was, "it's too much hot outside." we would go to the beach regularly (which you do in san diego) and they would always yell "we're going to the bitch." pronunciation wasn't where it was supposed to be. they were good kids. i still use the phrase, "it's too much hot outside."
i... have no words. i like you man. hey, i think the little things like "weird" accents and speech impediments make listening to a person talk more fun, though i probably am a huge hypocrite for saying that because i have an awkward stutter and loathe myself very deeply for it. i doubt you sound as silly as you think.
i'm in britain and when i first came here i used to say yelling instead of shouting (yelling is american i learned) and i used to pronounce yogurt - yo(as in the greeting)gu(didnt really pronounce the r correctly)t
i think so too, but i also think everyone is their worst critic. i am by far my worst critic. most people never mention the little quirks that my speech has, really. and don't feel bad about having a stutter. i mean, samuel l. jackson has one and is one of the most beloved actors in the whole film industry! i cannot say that i know the struggle, but anyone who gives you a tough time for something as small as a stutter isn't worth your time anyhow. it's the little things that make us unique!
oh god, it seems like every class has that girl. i'm not a judgamental person but i really don't like those people. accents almost always go away on their own, after enough exposure. my uncle learned english in his 20s, then worked with americans for a good two years, and after that his native accent was inaudible when he spoke english, so that's not something you should worry about too much. i personally don't want to "grow out" of my accent, but that may have to do with the fact that i'm very pathriotic lol
epitome is a fun word. i can never remember the right way to pronounce it so it's a 50/50 chance of me getting it. luckily i don't use it often. as another non native english speaker i feel your pain. i've made myself look silly so many times, although mostly by mispronouncing things. i do tend to research words so i know how to use them, as i come upon them.
well that's one lifetime of doubt solved. thank you! i just don't know whether medicine is said like medi-sayn or medi-sin, or whether direction is said like die-rection or dee-rection. i get this ee vs ay/ey problem quite a lot
i feel you on the epitome thing. fortunately i was told that even native speakers get that wrong a lot too, so you don't have to worry too much about the 50% of the time that you pronounce it wrong. lmao my best friend (he's from england, we know each other through the internet) will never stop making fun of me for pronouncing extremely like ex-trem-ley or pronouncing british like "braytish" for the longest time
when i was young i read *a lot* like and absolute ton of books. so that would often expose me to words that are not often spoken in day to day conversation. one such word was "awry". so fast track to 9th grade and we are reading "of mice and men" and my english teacher (who was awesome) explains the old saying that inspired the title "the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry". when he pronounces awry, i promptly corrected him. he looked at me weirdly and said "that's not how you pronounce it!" so i was pronouncing it like aw-ry (with the ry being pronounced like the ree in reed, it kind of sounded like erie) but the way my teacher was pronouncing it was like the ending sounded like rye. turns out i was completely wrong but because of only ever reading the word in books and never hearing it, i had made up a pronunciation that i, in my infinite wisdom deemed "the only way". i was a complete doofus.
i have a few friends there, they pronounce it ar-can-saw
everyone points it out to me at some point. it's pretty annoying because my ex's best friend would mock me for it every time it happened. at least i know i'm not alone in my inability to pronounce it!
things have changed. it's gotten a lot colder over here, so you'd no longer get weird looks from not wearing a coat in 15 degrees. also tirana may be the capital, but it's not even the best city. the south has plenty of cool places you should check out if you ever visit us again, like butrint or himara.
oh that reminds me, that one of the first things i (repeatedly and increasingly angrily) asked my poor exchange partner in school was "how much watch is it?", being convinced that this is how you ask for the time in english. on a other occasion, i thought it would be a good idea to learn english from books like alice in wonderland. this resulted in a rather awkward oral exam where i used "i beg your indulgence" to ask for permission to speak. (much to the amusement to our teachers)
a lot of people point out my speech impediment when it's on a word that is changed by it. i can't say "three," i say, "free." it gets confusing and people say "free what...?" that's not a big deal, i just clarify that i can't pronounce the word "three" and they understand. but "brother," is my least favorite word in this regard. my ex's friend would always repeat how i say the word as soon as i said it. "so, my bruvver and i were hanging out and-" "ha, bruvver!" it always made me not want to finish the story because it made me so self-conscious of this one thing that i can't pronounce that seemingly everyone else can. she did this a lot and i never stuck up for myself. the "th" sound can be a v, f, d, or t to me. it's super annoying.
if you didn't already know, you might want to add knowing the distinction between "compilation" and "compulation". that one bit me in the butt for a long time.
correct. we like being conveniently close to greece so we can steal their olive oil with ease.
that's fantastic! i am sure you know more russian, german and italian than i -- even if you don't think you do! :) i commend you for learning other languages - that's quite a skill to have and know! :)
jesus that's sad. people forget that iraq wasn't a sunny paradise when saddam and the baathists were in power. did you learn some kurdish from them?
my partner is native english speaker, but because he grew up reading a lot rather than talking to other people, some of his pronunciations are a bit off. bagels are "baag-ells", prius is "pry-uss", and graham is "grey-ham" among other things. if he makes a mistake, he says "my bag" instead of "my bad", because he apparently mis-heard it the first time and then just kept hearing it that way.
yeah, which definitely showed that j. k. rowling doesn't no shit about albania other than that it's eastern and remote and mysterious or something.
i am fluent in english (consider it more my primary than secondary) but most of my vocab comes from reading a lot of books. this means some of those words i never heard out loud and so i would have to make educated guesses. my friend had to tell me i was pronouncing "courtesy" incorrectly. the word "court" is in there, how was i supposed to know it was "curt-esy"? also lingerie was weird. learned how to say it right by a friend in high school. kind of the opposite but the word "cancel" is for warped in my mind so i can never hear it in my head correctly. i can say it out loud just fine though lol.
this is the curse of book worms everywhere! i've lost count of how many words i've pronounced wrong because the spelling is so completely off from how they sound. the most recent one was cliche. i always pronounced it as "click" for some reason until a friend corrected me. i'm 35 and a native english speaker.
okay, so this reminds me of my friend so much i had to comment. my friend calls everyone son, and he is the youngest sibling of his family, so he was talking to his sister when we were going out to eat and he was like "sit down, son!" so she responds with "okay, dad." he freaked out lol! he was like "don't call me that!" it was so hilarious, i think he finally realized how awkward calling his siblings son was haha.
fwiw, there are parts of the south where people pronounce initial "th" as a "d." so they'll say "ovah dei-uh" for "over there."
well we have surrogates now. i guess that's functionally the same. and "mistress"... you mean side chick?? since we're talking about modern words for things lol.
well, she's not wrong with what she knows. i was personally overjoyed when i saw my country mentioned in my most favorite book series ever. 7 year old me was crying so hard.
do you know how to pronounce spanish? use the spanish vowels: puteitou - putaatou tumeitou - tumaatou the u is not quite like the u in spanish though, maybe closer to the french ou?
i thought mormon and morbid were the same until i was 12.
i only visited 2 years ago, has it really changed that much since? didn't get to pick out where i was going since it was school related, but i'll definitely keep it in mind if i happen down there again.
english spelling is just too irregular to be used to explain how to pronounce things haha anyway, the *potato* and *tomato* difference is in the *a* in the middle: drawn out *aa* like in *aah* the interjection, or a short *ay* like the second a in *anyway* ooh i think i managed to explain! ???
i've heard of it, but only because it was mentioned in harry potter.
spanish is my first language but i'm an english teacher, and i still struggle with words like 'order' or 'tartar'. if i can i just pronounce them like i have a british accent
i think foreign accents are really cool, and i am not just saying this because i have one. it's just really cool that you're listening to this person from an entirely different background with a different culture and language communicating with you in a language that you both understand, and the accent is proof of that. that being said, that best friend's ex boyfriend is definitely guilty of bullying me into having a semi-british accent for a full year.
aw, thank you. but i really can't speak italian or german to save my life. i hated having to take italian at school and german just won't get through my head, but i'll see how russian goes. it's a language i actually *want* to learn, so...
english is my first language and i just learned what concubine means
english is my mom's first and only language. i learned a few days ago she's been pronouncing "falcon" wrong. be proud you're able to learn a second language!
albania may be much more well known than you think. don't sell yourself short. your ancestors had guts. they survived the worst of humanity could offer.
tartar is hard because there a two allophonic pronunciations that mean different things. when pronounced tar-t*e*r, it means an pre-modern steppe people, and variety a of mayonnaise-based sauce often served with seafood, which is inexplicably named in their honor when pronounced tar-t*a*r, if refers to potassium bitartrate, a carboxlyic acid that is a common byproduct of wine-making. in short, english orthography is only marginally predictive of a given word's pronunciation.
you should start putting on an irish accent, then you can pronounce all your th's as t's and no one will notice.
english isn't my native language and sometimes i blank out on the basic english words (like dresser) and replace it with the czech equalivent.
much of learning english pronunciation is just about hearing the words in context a lot (because the pronunciation doesn't make sense, you just have to hear it enough to remember it instinctively). you mentioned you were from albania. do you tend to dub movies there? if so, i suggest starting to watch more movies and tv-series with the original english speech. that's a very good way to learn pronunciation. i'm from norway, and here we only tend to dub cartoons. movies and tv-shows just have subtitles. i think that's one of the main reasons that 80-90 % of the population knows english. as for the word "medicine", it is pronounced like "medi-sin" or "med-uh-sin"
i'm 35. learned english since i was 8. living in the uk for 12 years now. working with english people and communicating freely in casual and corporate talk. still can't pronounce 'categories' correctly.
i am a native speaker and i distinctly remember doing exactly that when i was young.
english is my first and only language, for most of my life i thought melee was pronounced meallea.
thanks! i've got it covered - i'm actually a speech therapist (although i will admit that giving "therapy" to your own child is *nothing* like working with a client, and probably less effective.) anyway, i do work with her on difficult words, breaking them down and giving her strategies like choosing another word that means the same thing. but for hallelujah there was just no hope.
i'm a native english speaker and until i was 21 i pronounced the name penelope like penna-lope instead of pin-ell-uh-pee
you're not stupid; you're just a non-native english speaker making a few mistakes with a *super* confusing and jumbled language; i literally can't imagine how hard it is for non-native speakers to nail down the numerous quirks, exceptions, and oddities of the english language.
i just realized i actually pronounce comfortable like comfor table.... had to google the right pronunciation. i feel so silly now
pronuncation is so damn confusing. i'm fluent in english but i still have no idea how to pronounce some every day words, like "library", "medicine" or "direction". i just mumble and pray.
oh god, how did you even word the weed sentence? what did you think you were saying?
same. mine is spanish (i don't know yours) and from spending so much time here i already think in a hybrid english and spanish
mine's albanian. i agree, it's easier to think in a mix of ebery language you know.
some guy at work asked me if i was republican or dominican.
taking a porcupine as a concubine would not, i imagine, be pleasant! thank you for sharing this!
great, you just solidified "albania" as "olive oil stealing thugs". i hope your country's proud! :')
i just recently learned how you pronounce lingerie. took a lot of laughter from my friends though.
i use and read english every day, on reddit, youtube, everywhere, yet sometimes i need to check online for translation of common, everyday words. today for example i had to look up "performance" (which, btw, is a word used here as well) because i didn't remember the translation from my language. one thing i never understood (and am too lazy to do a research about) is the difference between ape, monkey and chimp. we have one word for all "generic monkey-like animal" in my language.
you mean 'copulation'? or 'computation'? seriously, google search for 'compulation' only shows results for misspelled 'compilation'.
one of my best friends in high school used to talk about rowing, like fighting? and all i could think of was, "as in...a boat?"
english is my native language and i only this year finally understood both meanings of the word sorry. i before only understood it to mean i regret doing something like i'm sorry i broke your favorite vase grandma. i would get a bit confused when people would sorry for the death of someone else's loved one. "i'm sorry your uncle burnie died" "why are you sorry did you kill him". in my second language esperanto in such a situation one says kompaton which means compassion to you or mercy to you. comparing these two i finally understand sorry also communicates the same basic idea.
again, thank you. who knows how much potential embarrassment you've saved me. my native tongue is albanian. i swear, if you've ever heard of albania i'm going to be seriously amazed.
it's nothing, son. (don't mind me, i tend to call people son. i even call my dog son.)
oh, chimps are the abbreviation of chimpanzees? then we do have a word for it. so is ape a synonym of primate?
i can't even say! it sounded *nothing* like hallelujah, though! howl-uh-jew-luh how-jew-loo-luh howa-lew-jew-juh she just couldn't get it!
i've always been curious, i'm serbian and our national symbol is also a two-headed eagle. why do you think it's like that? byzantine influences?
aw, that's actually really cute. how did she pronounce hallelujah, if you don't mind me asking?
chimps are chimpanzees and apes are like a grouping of animals like gorrlias and humans and monkeys are apes with tails.
i was going to make a dirty joke, but i don't want to come off as a jerk! for the longest time, i couldn't pronounce melancholy. i didn't realize it was pronounced "melon-collie" and terribly marred it to the point where i can't write how i pronounced it. i also cannot pronounce the "th" sound and roll my r's by accident. i'm a native speaker, i just suck at speaking my native language!
i've heard of albania! i only know one person from there though, skanderbeg! only know it from euiv though, used them to skewer the silly kebab(ottoman empire).
oh don't worry i don't mind at all! i just figured i'd let you know in case it could help in the future
oh! haha, i don't think i've even posted much there. small world, eh?
glad to know i'm not the only one who thought it was pronounced like that!
i'm american and i've heard of albania! it's where voldemort hid in the harry potter series
i was going to say that the only difference between a porcupine and concubine is in whether you give or receive a prick. yeah, i have no idea where the rolled r's come from for me. i live in a rural town in the northeastern us, so you'd think i'd have a really backwoods sounding accent. but no, my r's are rolled, my "th" noise is nonexistent, and i sometimes turn my l-sound into the sound you make when you pronounce the letter y. it's a weird bunch of speech-impediments that make me sound silly.
english is our second language in our country. as a kid, my wife thought "perishable goods" meant something for the parish.
hah i was browsing serious conversation and read one of your comments, and i thought "dang taalnatie is familiar!" now i realize why!
i'm the opposite. i use english so much (on the internet, of course) that sometimes i forget words in my native language and use the english equivalent, but with an atrocious accent and bad pronuncation.
i also used them interchangeably and was never corrected. i wonder why that is.
i learned english mostly from books, games, and paper dictionaries (this was in 90's pre-internet). so i had trouble with words that had double meaning in slang or colloquial language. when i went as exchange student, i remember these: - "date" - had couple of girls to ask me out on a date - i didn't understand what they wanted and i unwittingly turned them down (still feel a little cringely when i think about that) - "mess" - i had couple of people think i shat my pants when i just wanted to say they got a bit muddy because it was raining outside - "weed" - i accidentally had someone send me a dealer because they though i wanted to buy marijuana. it was a bit awkward when a car stopped by me at 10 pm trying to sell me weed and i had no idea what he was talking about.
lol they are very, very different things! this reminds me of a friend's wife. english is not her native language and they were driving by some condominiums. so as they were passing them she told her husband, look at all those condoms!
i used "than" and "then" interchangeably until around 7th or 8th grade. not a single english teacher ever corrected me on my papers ever. english is also not my first language, but i had been going to school in the us since 3rd grade.
i try to avoid saying it unless it's in an obvious joking manner but i do agree that i'm not the best at judging whether it's appropriate to joke around or not. thank you lol
colonel. that word just fucked me up. (it's pronounced like kernel!)
that made me chuckle. i love kids sometimes. and i think it was really nice of you that you volunteered to help refugees and all, too. ah yes, the good old beach vs bitch struggle. i know that too well. there's also the lesser known coke vs cock struggle.
then i guess it varies. maybe your teachers were still very exposed to their native tongue and spoke it constantly?
i live and work in an english speaking environment, and consider myself close to fluent. but my brain refuses to call styrofoam anything but flamingo. hey, where did we put those flamingo boxes? alway get confused looks, and then i get confused, cause my brain just wont accept that styrofoam is not called flamingo in english.
know the feel, haha. i have many friends from england as well and constantly get bullied for how i pronounce pretty much everything. ain't my fault i have an accent, guys :(
well i have my doubts based mainly on my english teacher who was a brit that had lived in my country for 30 years and still had a thick accent. and the russian chemistry teacher in high school who had also been here for like 25+ years..
eminent and imminent being disparate, marginally different, words is irksome to me, for some reason.
i get that too! i only remember that 15 in italian is quindici because i was reading something out loud in italian class and read the number 15 in my mother tongue instead, and everyone rushed to correct me while laughing.
that made me chuckle. that little misunderstanding must've made your life sound pretty interesting until you cleared it up.
so, you heard the word "concubine" and thought of your friend's wife, huh?
"eppitomee" somehow i never had trouble with that one. or most words, really. english pronunciation is a huge inconsistent clusterfuck and i have *no idea* how i can tell how everything is pronounced but i usually can.
i lived on koch lane in america for years. there was no consensus pronunciation of it. i heard cork, coke, cosh, cock, cotch, corsh, but never the actual german pronunciation of koch (like scottish loch). i gave up and just spelled it.
are you *getting* or *catching* crabs while having sex on a crab fishing boat?
i know, like half of their bullshit is actually decent. i just wish that the other half was the old discovery channel. then maybe i'd pay for cable again
so we get smarter everyday, vsauce.... and then... colin furze shows up and the whole cycle seems to be repeating itself.
that's nuts, i feel like that song was *everywhere.*
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i told my wife that tlc stood for "the learning channel," and she absolutely did not believe me. shit's depressing.
that sounds like putting the cart before the horse by my recollection. you *could* download things like that by the time mtv went bad but casual streaming was still a few years away.
i hate when people think bloodhound gang was a one hit wonder band. i own all of their albums and the are all fantastic.
my horrible alcoholic degenerate of a father loved that song, and as bad as our relationship was, air guitaring next to him while getting a lift to school will always be one good memory i keep. oddly, another one is putting my cat down when i was a kid, and having "walk of life" on the muzak at the vet office. finally, romeo and juliet was playing the time my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend in high school. i'm admittedly tepid about dire straits, but i'll be damned if they haven't randomly imprinted into my life more than most bands i listen to constantly.
discovery channel really sucks now. it's all this semi scripted, docu-soap style crap. they need to show more animals having sex.
look at us, making shower thoughts in shower thoughts.
"the bad touch" by the bloodhound gang, just in case you are wondering, haven't read comments to see if someone has said it.
maybe wet dreams are just young guys being raped by ghosts.
it's also very predictable and yet still entertaining. "the crew of the wizard is not having a good day." "keith sucks! this sucks! we've been up 48 hours, we're only getting 10 crab per pot. this is not what i signed up for!" "a hundred twenty six miles northeast, the northwestern comes up on the pots it left to soak before it went to dutch harbor. tensions are still really high." crew member: "fucking sig, man, i can't believe he said that shit in harbor." sig: "oh they're fishermen, fishermen talk shit sometimes. i'm just hoping that these pots are full of crab so people get the fuck over themselves." pot comes up. "holy shit! we got crab!!" sig: "that's what i'm talking about!" crew member: "yeah i still hate what sig said but we're like, a family, you know, and good work is good work."
one of the songs my dad liked. if i hear it i'm blasting it.
as a child i never realised this spells fuck in the military alfabet, the things you miss as a kid..
farouk, farouk, farouk is on fire. we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn. burn motherfucker burn. what did farouk do to piss off the bg?
i mean almost 20 years, id say that's a decent chunk of a lifespan.
cky? yes actually. the singer left the band now though and chad ginsburg(guitarist) does vocals now. it's....odd. i don't know if i like it yet. they're doing warped tour this year
speaking of ghosts and showers; if ghosts are real, they are absolutely touching themselves while watching us in the shower.
they still make some damn good music. still juvenile as they were when i was 13 too
don't forget deron now has a new band, 96 bitter beings. also a bit odd but they have the benefit of having the voice of cky, they still play cky songs live.
brum brwaaah bwumm bra brum bra brow brum, brum brum brum bra brum bra bra
i really wouldn't mind having the crab fishing show* if on the rest of the time i got good science programs. * i actually like the crab show... :(
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about.
this also applies to the history channel. i think tlc is too far gone to save...
damn, people have some uptight work environments if the word "penis" is nsfw.
i ain't afraid of no **sleep** i ain't afraid of no **bed**
just because you like them doesn't mean they aren't a one hit wonder. they fit the definition pretty well. they had one hit song they are known for.
bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bu-bu-bustin
there's literally an interview with the ceo where he explains that this is the case.
if ghosts are invisible and undetectable, you might be fucking one at this very second
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up
i'm 17 lol. should have specified closer my age than the whole generation of millennial ish age people nobody understood my reference :(
so put your hands down my pants, and i'll bet you feel nuts.
that aint workin...that's the way ya do it you get pregnant at 16 on the mtv
you reading this discovery executives? cause guess why no one is subscribing to cable anymore? we want intelligent programming, not rednecks hamming it up for the camera. wtf is wrong with you?
technically, a band needs to have a top-40 hit on the pop charts to be a "one hit wonder" and the bloodhound gang never had a top-40 song. bad touch, their only charting song, hit 52. and i'm a huge bloodhound gang fan.
i had the same shower thought and there are a few outdated references in that song!
i loved cky. not really a fan of the new stuff. since deron left the sound is different too. i didn't know he made a new band though. til
and coca-cola stock isn't flat, so it's still pretty inclined.
i highly doubt anything would want to touch itself if it sees my naked body
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up.
if they have just one song, it's "fire water burn" though. and this thread is about a totally different song which apparently a lot of people have heard, so that's at least two hits
sad story: i am the oldest person in my band by about 7 years (i'm 31). we were talking about this song, and one of our members, who knows the lyrics, goes "i didn't know this, do you know who sissel and eggert were?" i replied "movie critics" he was amazed that i knew (what he thought was) a very obscure piece of knowledge.
have you heard bloodhound gang's song titled " a lap dance is always better when the stripper is crying"? that some classy shit right there..that song never fails to make me laugh.
i agree that mtv would have a rough time playing just videos now, but they stopped being about music long before online streaming of videos was a thing.
he used the word latest correctly. what is your point?
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you'll feel nuts!
yeah, but the other things used to be good. like liquid television.
and it's not even than long since '99... that's depressing
changing it into "tlc", they would have sex with ghosts, really fat people, gypsies, midgets or totally crazy couponing-people.
i was lonelier than kunta kinte at a merle haggard concert that night i strolled on into uncle limpy's hump palace lookin' for love.
aww man. only now do i actually understand that line after seeing it written out and now i'm sad after realising that both of them are dead now
seriously, they stopped being about music like a decade before the music industry started allowing their music videos on youtube. it's like people don't even realize that the music industry was doing everything they could to kill youtube, until they just gave up.
kari is the hotest chick i have ever seen on a screen. i'm not even into redheads either
mtv started airing lots of reality programming in mid-90's, a decade before youtube was started.
can someone explain the "having sex on a crab fishing boat or with gold miners reference" for me? i googled it but didn't come up with anything as clear as the references.
eminems gotta cuss in his raps to sell records. well me too, so fuck will smith!
oh yeah, discovery channel used to be pretty cool before it was ruined by the ignorant masses who apparently prefer overly dramatic dumbasses fishing for crabs rather than discovering the wonders of the animal kingdom.
yeah, mtv stopped being a music channel when cds were still a thing.
if they didn't offer a discount for bundles, people would complain that they were paying the same amount for each service even though there is a reduced overhead for the company when you have multiple services. it isn't like there is a separate line for each service or separate billing, etc... now i can't say the discounts are necessarily proportionate, but there is at least some reason for bundles to exist that are not ridiculous.
i hope your pinto begins to spin and takes out a disabled vietnam veteran.
at least the part of the song that goes "and we would do it doggy style so we can both watch x-files" is still applicable.
i want you covered, want you smothered, like my waffle house hashbrowns
why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck out of here!
i wasn't aware either. i've had this screen name(not on reddit but various places on the internet) since i was literally 13, i feel like i should be more a super fan and up on this stuff but i'm not. i heard rumors that deron pulled some shady shit and chad booted him out of the band, but i'm glad he's still playing cky songs. they were my absolute favorite back in high school. i was on the street team and handed out stickers for the day infiltrate destroy rebuild was released. it was also hat day at school and i had this awful straw hat i colored with black markers to say "infiltrate. destroy. rebuild." around it
tlc? baaa haa haa. what a flaming pile of shit that channel is. i'm still pissed they have the balls to keep their name. what "learning" goes on there? i did learn about trashy gypsies and what wedding dress not to buy.
can confirm time period from username. this guy 90's.
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you feel nuts
*me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i think you're missing a few brums in the first line
fuck off m8 there's plenty of folks under 25 that love 80's and 70's music.
i am no papa, sir thinks a lot. but i am glad you're interested in the type of party where everyone gets shitfaced and evaluates the meaning of life and existence. it's fun :d
it's a great novel that i think everyone would benefit from reading. ishmael by daniel quinn
fun fact: a gorilla's average penis size is 4 inches. source: am science.
supervising others is easier. source: i've managed dozens of people at once, and i'm a single father, but managing myself is a struggle.
there are like 8 billion humans on the planet and like a few thousand gorillas? also, among the gorillas there was only one gorilla of the majesty of harambe. so the question is not "would you", but rather... how many more people would you put on the track to save harambe?
you either die as harambe or live long enough to be just another gorilla.
i cannot speak for you, sir. but my ancestors were not monkeys. they were orangutans. hard working, patriotic orangutans.
i thought smiling and dialin was an american saying. your spelling of center as centre, proves otherwise
it is a great book, and changed the way i approached thinking about civilization and progress. however in the many years since, i've come to realize how overly simplistic, and downright wrong ishmael is about what humans were (probably) like before the agricultural revolution. basically, it doesn't look like there were ever any true leaver cultures. we drastically reshaped and changed (and destroyed) our world long before we started farming. farming just gave us the ability to overpopulate. check out the books 1491 and sapiens, they make compelling arguments. i'd say reading ishmael and then studying anthropology is like learning about bohr-rutherford diagrams and then studying chemistry; a great foundation for the concepts, but in themselves oversimplified and inaccurate.
every time a phone rings, a telemarketer dies a little inside.
according to science, it's the shooter's fault, since they shot the gorilla. but morally, it's less certain. source: am science.
when i'm a billionaire, i plan to do exactly what you're describing with someone, but actually save them and give them a ton of money
i don't know anything about you, but you seem like a good person. - slowly dying in a cubicle farm.
i read the whole thing and i'm glad, even though you lost me at centaurs...
this is my favorite quote from anything, ever. when i have house parties and get a little too drunk i bust out the passage and make everyone reflect on how shitty we are. i'm a really fun host.
he's telling them the story of our lord and savior harambe
how do they each compare to the original, if you don't mind me asking? the first is an absolute favorite but i'm scared the others will mar my impression a bit if they don't hold up as well.
it's much easier to stop everyone else from eating the last doughnut than it is to stop yourself from doing it. to stop yourself you need insane levels of endurance, mental fortitude and self control, to stop everyone else you just need a riot shield and a taser.
only the third comment! if only ishmael was more popular than harambe.
yeah. well my team of 10 people. it was cold calling sales so it was a grinding, difficult, painful job. i'm not in that gig anymore, thankfully.
this is the exact reason why you will never be a billionaire
like if adam sandler died, would chris farley have made jack and jill?
coup was a inside job. civilians can't melt steel tanks.
i can get you out u/stormelemental13 but you must do exactly what i say. the cubicle across from you is empty. go to it. now! when i tell you, go to the office at the end of the hall, and use the scaffolding to get to the roof.
"so this kid falls into my enclosure and i'm like.."
those early autumn winds can bring a chill that kills even the heartiest of office people.
me too, and i'm proud to say harambe didn't even cross my mind.
"what does self actualization mean once we achieve the lesser stages of maslow's proposed hierarchical advance through life?" "covfefe"
"nah nah nah, see. everybody is focusing on the kid or the gun, but you gotta follow the bananas. who put the kid there? who knew what the zoo was forced to do? harambe was assassinated by the powers that be because he hooked up with one of their daughters. she had some big, big titties."
*when i say "dank"* *you say "memes!*" *...dank!*
don't worry, he said "again" implying that his staff were already dead once. he'll just reanimate them once his mp regenerates. plus everybody knows that call center telemarketers are really just an army of the undead.
i'm 22 now and slowly losing my eye sight, when do i get access to my adult super vision?
depending where you live, morning meetings could get a bit frosty. not the most pleasant.
it's worse to have lived and experience death than to never live at all -harambe probably
by daniel quinn, an excellent book that changed the way i thought about human history and our culture when i was a young teen. read it, please.
don't forget my ishmael as well. each book tells the story of a different student of ishmael's.
that itself is very profound. not one of us would have known the name if he had never been killed.
on that note, the story of b is also a great read. if you folks haven't read either of these books, do yourself a favor and read them now.
the original was persians and iranians. i had to replace that for proper context in our post-ape-colonized world.
instructions unclear, now i'm in shridevi's cubicle and he *really* likes his personal space...
why does this exist? this animal should be free. i hate how humans can just think this is okay. this animal deserves freedom just like you and i .
i only wish your username was papashmear. and to be invited to said house party.
that's one of the worst subs i've ever seen, yikes. there goes my last few brain cells.
"...but in this situation, who is the guilty party? the parent, the child, or the shooter? please consider this in your groups and then we'll have an open discussion on the harambe problem."
ha that's actually what i meant. mind explaining in excruciating detail?
"and that is why kids, ever since, we have and always insisted on dicks out."
 in 1930, the republican-controlled house of representatives, in an effort to alleviate the effects of the... anyone? anyone?... the great depression, passed the... anyone? anyone? the tariff bill? the hawley-smoot tariff act? which, anyone? raised or lowered?... raised tariffs, in an effort to collect more revenue for the federal government. did it work? anyone? anyone know the effects? it did not work, and the united states sank deeper into the great depression. today we have a similar debate over this. anyone know what this is? class? anyone? anyone? anyone seen this before? the laffer curve. anyone know what this says? it says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. this is very controversial. does anyone know what vice president bush called this in 1980? anyone? something-d-o-o economics. "voodoo" economics. bueller?... bueller?... bueller?
if a train was heading towards 3 humans tied to the tracks, but you could switch the tracks to hit one endangered gorilla on a separate set of tracks, would you?
 bringing back memories man. i despised that answer as a kid, teach me fuck. just telling me to believe you because you're older or my teacher isn't good enough. thankfully the internet came along just in time.
if you grew up in a religious environment where you were punished for saying "well that doesn't make sense..." then you learn early to suppress logic.
i teach in georgia (state). updated science standards are being rolled out here to specifically try to address this next year. most of the new standards ask the students to "obtain, evaluate and communicate" information, as well as to "plan and carry out an investigation" on various standard threads. the focus will be on students discovering the information themselves through investigation instead of simply being told what they need to know by the teacher. yes, this seems like common sense, especially for a science class, but it's better late than never i guess. it seems like most of my students are so used to information being handed to them that when they are asked to think critically, many just shut down.
memorization is not quite the right word. yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). it is the integration that makes it make sense to you. you can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. that is rote repetition until you can recite it. however you can easily recite it and not understand it. i know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. i think i understand what you were trying to say, i just have issues with the word memorization for it.
decreasing access to resources = less empathy. we're just like any other animal in that way.
glad i just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy.
so what most schools are trying to do is teach all kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own. but this is debatable as far as effectiveness. do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with? will it work with less capable students? there isn't any conclusive answers yet. but it seems to not be any worse so why not try. that said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned.
with common core, i explain its useful application in life. it trips me up that people try to defend the position against any use of common core math. try this the traditional way using mental math: 6,666 - 777 = ? people get confused trying to borrow 10 three times from the next place over. common core logic lets you measure the distance between tge two numbers: it takes 223 to get from 777 to 1,000 6,666 minus 1,000 is 5,666 5,666 plus 223 is 5,889 in expanded form to check the addition part: we know that 5000 + 600 + 200 + 60 + 20 +6 +3 = 5,800 + 80 + 9 = 5,889 but people think that thisis longer somehow. maybe different, but try writing out the traditional method in words similar to what i did. im an accountant and use common core tactics on a regular basis because i dont always have my laptop or even a pen and paper handy when certain things come up on the fly in an important meeting. it's extremely effective when youre trying to listen and make sense of the numbers
the main reason i dislike the hash tag is that, intentional or not, it is very similar to "feel the bern" and because of that many audiences will associate your idea with bernie sanders. for some audiences this may be construed as a positive, but for those audiences who disagree with his ideas will not give your idea the light of day and shun it without any thought.
that's good, though. the same thing is happening, from what i've heard, here in ca with common core in high school. students are butthurt that they have to actually work for the answers, because they were trained to memorize for the test. they're adapting, but it's hard. meanwhile, my mother in law teaches 1st grade, and they are easily picking up math that used to be 2-3rd grade material, where they used to struggle with the basics that she used to be teaching in 1st grade.
so basically teach people to learn how to learn effectively?
same. my initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern then i realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar. it might as well be "#do a smart"
it depends a lot on the area you are living in. i live in a relatively liberal area and columbus was indeed not taught as good. my cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on columbus.
i don't think people should be allowed to vote without photo id.
i disagree. empathy can hamper critical thinking and result in poor decision making. the human empathy response is triggered disproportionately to individuals and can leave the big picture unattended to. it can lock people into empathizing with a particular group at the expense of another. critical & rational thinking can transcend these pitfalls.
and the bread and butter of a stem degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity. if you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. the whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. where as in any la degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation.
if you want more critical thinkers, we as a society need more focus on stem as a whole.
agree with you. feelings aren't arguments. feelings aren't facts. feelings aren't mutually constituted.
i think the tie in is the fact that religious belief is so much more widespread and dominant in american society than it is in other western democracies. more than fifty percent of americans believe in a literal flood, that the earth is 6000 years old and that jesus rode into town on a dinosaur (the last one was sarcasm).
this is the primary basis of common core math. people who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills. and tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems. 7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense.
by teaching. teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts. it's met with resistance, but it's the only way. otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards.
one reason we don't have enough critical thinking is because we allow our teachers to be far too emotional with our children. many students spend more time with their teachers than they do with their families. this should not be allowed but we do it because school is tuition free child care. parents feel better when their child's teacher behaves like a surrogate. this leaves the bulk of a child's education up to the school and many schools are very opinionated. i agree we need more critical thinkers, but that would mean we need children to spend more time at home in order to prevent too much similar thought. everyone's families is a bit different and that is what helps us to inject our society with varied thought.
but wait! we gotta know, are you... or are you not... a professional quote-maker?
the thing is as far as you say something controversal you get scrutinized and labeled by both sides. we need more open minds, but it's hard when everyone lives in his own bubble.
i dunno, i'm taking linear algebra this semester and if you had asked me what 7+8 was randomly on the street i would have had to think about it. the farther i get in math, the more it seems to me like the only time real math uses numbers is to put it in the calculator.
everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine".
ap history is often much better about that than normal history classes, unfortunately.
this is really interesting to me, i never received a formal public education growing up. what you described is how i do math in my head all the time. i've sometimes thought its a backwards way to reach an answer to a problem but i've always found it intuitive to solving thing i'm not familiar with.
i think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. the thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association.
i don't completely agree with this view. the bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers. you learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis. coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking.
i'm the same or so i thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated. when you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort. reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic. i can't say how many times i've done an hour of googling because i saw a til that had me going no way that's true. or women...
i was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions. i started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one i heard be ignored. may be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. ignoring your kids is not ok.
i used to teach math and currently work as and with statisticians. i have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong. **assumptions** the above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. this generalization is purely anecdotal as i have not conducted any formal research. i have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. for ex: people who have the same experiences.
who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? the most educated are not critical thinkers? what?
problem is, majority of the time, kids are more influenced by their parents than their teachers
have degree in maths. yes this is a pervasive issue. my best guess is that it is because they are trying to remember what 7+8 is rather than figure it out. when you can figure it out, you memorise it naturally over time.
what about those who don't think teaching empathy is a worthwhile effort? i think we can all agree that critical thinking is simply a universally valuable skill, but the importance of empathy is relative.
i see critical thinking as common sense. i don't understand how one can just believe something to be true without questioning it or looking into it in further detail.
if they empathize with one group at the expense of another, i don't believe that is having real empathy. if they had true empathy, they would be much more inclined to see things from all other points of view. not just their own, or whatever group they've chosen to use as a display of their good-nature. which, of course, is still for their own benefit.
you're doing well on the test of life, though. that investigation ability is what will let you succeed in the real world
i think you're assuming that there are fewer adults capable of critical thinking today than there have been previously in history, when there is no evidence, beyond the anecdotal, to support that.
i don't want to write anything scathing, so i'll just suggest you're biased because your entry point into the culture is via english, a language that taught entirely through rote memorization in their country. your understanding of the japanese people is extremely superficial if your conclusion is that "teenagers don't even have strong opinions." it's not that they don't have them; it's that they're not used to be asked about them in school. go visit a japanese home and see if the teenagers there are capable of arguing with their parents coherently.
a lot of people are addressing this only in terms of classrooms, but we only spend 1/3 of our time in the classroom during the school year. one of the things we're missing is television that teaches children to think critically. one of the things that sticks with me is the science channel motto "challenge everything." it is short, but it packs in so much because no matter what you hear or where you hear it from, before you pass it on, you should challenge it and decide if you believe/agree with it. blindly following messages and people, no matter what/who they are, is dangerous and leads to misinformation and ignorance.
critical thinking isn't the problem. people on both sides think critically. bias is the problem. at some point we allowed our biases to outweigh reaching a tenable conclusion. a lot of this has to do with the fact that so many people *are* thinking critically. for example: "a" realizes that "b's" argument is 90% sound, but the last 10% can't be proven/is arguable. so, "a" exploits the situation by arguing "a" is right while poking holes in "b's" 10% that cannot be proven. by doing this, both of them end up talking about two different things and both think they are "correct" since neither one of them concedes. i'm not sure we can fix this sort of behavior.
yeah, in america they teach that too. i don't what that dude it talking about with the whole columbus was good and the vietnam war. any class i ever took from middle school through college did not portray columbus in a positive way.
you'd be better if you could. don't buy into the circle jerk of arithmetic not being important
the problem with history as it is currently taught in the classroom is that the textbook publishers will only publish history that fits with the american worldview of "christopher columbus was good, we defeated all the nasty opponents, and we are currently the best society". if someone were to write an alternate view of the vietnam war saying maybe america didn't belong in it and maybe we did more bad than good, it would be immediately stricken out in editing and would never make the final cut. teachers are encouraged to teach from one source, the textbook, and other sources are only brought up by the 5% of teachers that want to give their students both sides of history. this is all a summary of a point from james loewen's "lies my teacher told me" if you are interested in more on the subject.
yeah. i've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. it is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything. this is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - it's sheepishly following instructions. i suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student.
have said this to almost every professor in college. no phones during a test because you need in the real world? i can find every formula in the history of man through this! point being, even they knew it was just memorize and regurgitate. that's our system folks.
the problem with schools is that it is treated very much like a business. the higher up business men don't want the younger generation to question them, only to blindly obey what they say for a paycheck and schools make sure children are shaped into that mold.
yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. the tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity.
(i'm a senior in highschool) there is no creativity involved in any core class. it's all memorization. some teachers are better than others but all i do is study info that i'll forget. every highschool student can memorize pointless knowledge now but if you asked them to come up with their own conclusion philosophically they probably wouldn't even have the ability to think deeply enough. the ability to think abstractly is decreasing.
it always sort of cracks me up a little when people start talking about teaching critical thinking. it's a paradox. if you're teaching them anything, they're not really thinking for themselves. the best you can do is leave people alone and hope people come to it on their own. schooling (which is usually where you hear people talking about "teaching critical thinking") usually actively discourages critical thinking by framing all the questions and leading people through a particular thought process.
hah, i got that response way too many times as a kid. got in trouble so many times because i refused to take that as an answer.
the most educated are the least likely to think critically. you can't *teach* critical thinking. education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink. their research even proves this, but they are unable to *realize* this. you want critical thinking? you want to be able to think for yourself? meditate. remove yourself from your phone, constant engagement of communication, and constant inundation information intake. become more self-aware, and see a *real* objective view of the world. ideally you do this when your brain is developing in childhood.
i would agree that this post-modern era and generation has moved beyond the bounds of reason in many ways and a good emphasis on the classic modernist philosophers could really help us use reason and logic to come to our conclusions and guide our beliefs instead of party platforms and whatever our social group says.
hold on... can you explain what is actually good about common core mathematics? i've tried to make heads or tails of it and it makes absolutely no sense.
i'm from the uk and they teach multiple points of view for history, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers.
it seems that proper skepticism and the ability to distinguish fake from real information is absolutely imperative to future generations' success. our world is saturated with all kinds of bullshit.
i'm a teacher. grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. that's why teachers make their tests like that. also, companies like pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school. state tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles. what we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). we need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day. we also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured.
until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence.
hashtags are meant to be memes. they are something short, rememberable, and easily digestible. the only purpose is to get people to tag their posts with them, so that those posts can be tracked, grouped together, quantified, and evaluated. they are also to make it easier for people to search for posts with the tag. #weneedmorecriticalthinkingandhigherstandardsineducation is a fucking terrible hashtag. it's long, cumbersome, and not exactly easy to remember. no one would use it. you want something short and catchy, which #feelthelearn is. also, hashtags came to popularity on twitter, which *does* have a very small character limit, so you don't want a hashtag taking up more than the absolute minimum number of characters.
i'm currently a student in the international baccalaureate diploma program. we have a class called theory of knowledge (tok). it teaches us to question how we know the things we know and in the process helps develop our critical thinking and investigative skills. i am of the opinion that if this class was taught to all juniors and seniors across the us, provided they had some desire to learn, it would greatly benefit us as a society.
yeah. good luck. everyone will agree with this sentiment, and then fling their feces at any critical thoughts that don't agree with their pre conceived notions.
i feel like great math teachers used to teach critical thinking in all aspects of class. but over the years, the focus became more about getting the problem solved by memorizing an gimmicky algorithm instead of learning why and how different methods work. current:teach distribution. then teach "foil" method. then teach reteach distribution again when dealing with trinomials. better idea: teach distribution. show what that really means. let students utilize their own critical thinking to realize they can do it for any system.
i don't have kids, and i'm not sure if you do. i'm not saying ignoring your kids is ok or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. just remember that they are still children. small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice. a parent has to hear this all day long every day. it is part of social development. as they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated.
also culture, comments seem to suggest the american pov (and considering the article is about educational reform since us education system is about to disemboweled). american culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. both have their pros and cons, but american culture really, really, really doesn't promote social welfare.
you can argue about anything without having a strong opinion. and japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think. and no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom. i've met tons of japanese people and have gotten to know them. they share many of the same qualities. ask a japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you. no matter what. i've had two girlfriends. dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class. it's the same. having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in japanese culture. following the norms is.
ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking. you must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is.
it's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). it will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. it's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting. examples: * in my head i did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one. * in my head i did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one.
on the other hand, i know college kids who can't do simple addition and subtraction, like 7+8=15, reliably. memorization of simple math is a sound basis for learning other math.
21 years old here, did the school thing a bit more recently. i wouldn't disagree that there are teachers that want their students to develop critical thinking. you're right, it's not a new concept. it's just not taught effectively at the moment. students resist the extra effort required to think critically and teachers resist the extra effort required to enforce it on them. i would say we absolutely need to revolutionize our education system if it focuses on critical thinking, yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking. how can you be okay with the current state of our education system given the adult population it's produced?
it's not parents, so to speak, but rather our american culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn. there's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture.
something worth saying is worth saying simply. the middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia.
doing simple math is more than memorization. it's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. so you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. you just need to understand the core concept that drives addition. granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. this works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but i think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster.
personally i've found empathy comes as a biproduct of greater education as a whole. the more one knows his history, philosophy, and law the greater one understands the consequences certain actions, legislation, or ideologies can have. i personally agree though with a focus within education that incorporates more of the traditional goals of liberal arts based education, which is the production of well rounded critical thinking citizens. surely there is a balance between the equally as valuable skills of the stem fields, and that of the liberal arts such as philosophy or criminology for example.
most parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically. "why is the sky blue?" "who cares". why does the sun change colors at sunset "i dont know its not important"
but that's stupid. it's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the english language. (if y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) people are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" english as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags. hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. what's important is the message. do you know what the language in question is trying to say? has it communicated this clearly? cool. now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. sheesh.
one of the problems is that i'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests i'm given are all data points, so i'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests.
nah. critical thinking refers to logical analysis of arguments and other presented information. investigation is more than that, and includes things like reaching beyond the logical breakdown of information/arguments, to research root causes, context, related information, examination of sources, etc. someone else called it journalism, and that is sort of true, in that ideally journalism is a form of investigation. a big part of it, though, is learning to come to understand a system, how the system interacts with other systems, and how parts of the system interact with the whole.
i think it is due to the massive (and still growing) wealth inequality. if i can hardly pay the mortgage, and have to struggle every week to feed the family, i promise you i am not going to be concerned with anyone else.
i worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo. i was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. i think that's what got in my craw so i answered the kids questions. it's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions. how's that for compromise?
"yeah, but teaching ethics, metaphysics, epistemology, and so on doesn't produce profit for overpaid ceo's or cheap commodities for us all to consume, so therefore it's worthless to pursue education in. philosophy is interesting, but it just doesn't '''''produce''''' anything, therefore it's not valuable"
that's one huge problem i see: you shouldn't perform simple math like that through memorization. then you won't grasp truly how it works, and your ability to do it will fade with memory. rather you shorten the problem and memorize easier routes to get to it, such as by building tens. you see 7 and know that the sortof opposite of it in base ten (what you'd need to add to it to get ten) is 3. you pop 3 out of 8 and get 5. so you built a 10 and had 5 left over? 15. the way i was taught in school is such that i do this every single time someone asks me to add the numbers, it's a lot faster than my memory would be in most cases.
you're fighting directly against modern culture. "conspiracy theories" and that whole side of investigating things has become uncool and out-group behavior. people unironically use the "tinfoil hat" meme to scare off those who are saying things that make them uncomfortable. how do you even begin fighting back against that? whole generations have been ruined by these attitudes that are only getting worse. people want their safe spaces in this increasingly chaotic world to make sense of things. critical thinking is terrifying to people now because it means they have to face reality. really, how do you fix that?
wi-phi? i thought you guys where dead. i use your vids to help me teach my friends and family about philosophy, i love your stuff. thanks for this!
personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. i mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago i'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction.
wait a minute, "feel the learn"? really? while i'll agree wholeheartedly that the us education system (and likely education systems in basically every other country) need drastic overhauls, i find myself not wanting to side with someone who thinks "#feelthelearn" was a good idea.
i am actually jealous of how kids of the future will learn and understand the world, compared to my no child left behind school experience.
educating oneself it's difficult. being spoon fed is easy. most people don't know that they're being spoon fed. i'm cursed with the knowledge that i can tell the difference, but still too lazy to make an effort.
i agree with the idea of teaching and encouraging people to develop critical thinking skills. however, i think it won't be enough and i get your point and agree especially on the role of emotions part. i think that more than emotions alone, it is related to *cognitive biases* and how we, as humans are prone to making certain mistakes, even if we know the facts about a topic and have the information and can recognize some decisions as irrational, we might still make them, inadvertently. it happens even with scientists and knowledgeable and experienced people, sometimes; that's why there's the saying that "science advances one coffin at a time", which unfortunately has some truth to it (sometimes).
all the more reason to try to teach them actual critical thought. reddit is full of pseudo-critical thought. i go around challenging it, getting downvoted, then occasionally something breaks through. it's been that way for 8 years now and the truth is you just have to keep plugging away. that's how things get done.
the idea of common sense is mostly nonsense. the closest it comes to a consistent definition is a sort of intuitive sense of what is right, and what "makes sense". ur usually the "common sense" answer is also the simplest answer, which means it's wrong more often than right, because literally everything is complex.
funny you should mention that... i was actually put on a team to write new common assessment questions that better align with the new standards. they will not always be simple restating of facts (depth of knowledge level 1) but rather involve more critical thinking and reasoning (depth of knowledge levels 2-4).
i agree, this is how i've always done math in my head. i just think the problem isn't with the teaching standards - common core sounds like it has it's heart in the right place (with math at least - i've seen examples of literature being used to push political agendas). the problem, as usual, is with the teachers. the "teaching revolution" doesn't come from improving methodology for current classrooms, it comes from replacing classrooms entirely. our teachers suck - we are in an era where through internet learning, everyone in the country can be taught by *the best* math teacher, or possibly the 10 best for varying learning styles. until we give up on the current in-person classroom models, we won't see the benefit that modern technology promises for learning.
i am trying to get a job in a city and a country 3000 miles away(where i am originally from). at this point i am pretty sure my resume gets trash binned as soon as my address is seen. one imagines your clients encounter this and other similar problems as well, advice?
his answer from above essentially said to be very open about why you took the break. put it on your resume and and mention it in your cover email.
my last job search i exclusively used the linkedin jobs app. it's separate and standalone from the linkedin app, and it was phenomenal. i just saved two custom searches, sorted by new every morning, and would click my way down the list (so many one-click applications too where you essentially just send the recruiter your linkedin profile and maybe attach a formal resume). found a new job in a matter of weeks. would definitely recommend!
hey, good to know that other people are me too! are you a (ex)teacher too? what's your plan?
cover letters -- how important or not important are these actually? i'm sure it varies greatly by industry and maybe even by geographical location, but in general what are your thoughts on writing them, and ideal length?
so do company's actually use that linkedin site to find employees??
 lie. or do what i do. i'm bad at lying so i tell the truth, i just change it from me to a family member. then i justify that by telling myself that i belong to a family and i have to be a member to belong so i am in fact a family member. not a lie. not the whole truth but not a lie.
i would be very careful with this. our hr department came across several of our own employees who had that setting active and i was told this by my boss so the message was certainly passed on from hr to management.
so how do you get in front of the hiring managers in the software world starting out? i've applied to hundreds of jobs, talked with dozens of hr people and recruiters, done a handful of code challenges, but not a single in person interview. i don't mind getting passed up after being interviewed as long as i can come away with something to improved upon, but i can't even talk with the hiring managers to get an inteview.
hey, thanks for doing this ama! i am curious, i am a former call centre worker who was unfortunately affected by redundancy. i am using this to move to another state closer to family before deciding where i want to go into again. while i do have good references, i feel like with no higher education i will be stuck in the same field and i do not really want to study now as i am in my late 20s. is there choices for branching out to othet fields for someone that's only done the one job for most of their employment history such as call centre work? and what are the best options or advice for pursuing a new career choice when you come from a different industry?
hello my name is jose palacios i am a labor consultant based out los angeles, ca. i been self employed for over two years now. i notice that i am able to receive more phone calls from cold calling whenever i use the name joe palace. what would suggest for brownies like my self in order to stand out and not be stereotyped?
is there a common mistake that a lot of people make when looking for a new job?
software engineer here. it's hard to break into the software industry without a degree. your friend either needs to either get a computer science degree or keep on taking the courses until they are competent enough to create a few projects. if you can link a public github repo, or a website you made, an app, etc, you just don't have much credibility and most likely will get ignored when you apply. i've interviewed a lot of folks who tought themselves how to code, but the fact is that if you don't have any project work to talk about in an interview it's just not gonna happen. tldr: work on personal projects and make them public and attach them to your resume or get a degree.
in places like tech startups, would you consider directly emailing the ceo with your resume as a smart move or not?
i'm just a linkedin user, but i can say my feed and experience there have been nothing llike this. in fact the recruiters adding me has become quite a nuisance in the last year! i think it depends entirely on your connections - like any other social network, if your connections post crap you see crap, and the larger the network the more stuff you see. i do share your complaint about group activity on the feed though.
i have huge gaps in my education and employment history due to illness. do i need to describe my health problems or will employers just accept a blanket "i was sick and couldn't work" without needing medical details or documentation?
well i would think you would definitely get passed over in favor of someone else for a promotion.
how do i explain that i lost my job because of cancer treatment, but have since completed a ba and my husband works away, so i haven't been in work for 9 years? i just don't seem to be able to get an interview, i graduated with a distinction average (79%) in children's literature and minor in history and am completing honours in film, writing a web series.
as someone who manages national recruiting for a fortune 50, at least at a big company and probably in general, no one reads your cover letter and the average time a recruiter looks at a resume as they scan through them is 6 seconds.
take a career aptitude test to give you some ideas?
how important are photos on your linkedin profile? i don't have one. a few folks i know tell me how important they actually are to have. and if they are important, does it need to be suit and tie? casual (but work appropriate)? anything showing personality? i'm not actively looking for a new job, but i enjoy keeping my profile up to date in case any opportunities present themselves.
my mom has been unemployed for more than a year, and simply can't seem to find a job. she sends out applications all day, gets interviews, and has been a final candidate on several occasions, but she still hasn't landed a job. she's 58 years old with many years of journalism/communication experience, and has won multiple awards for her writing, so her resume is quite impressive. she and i both believe that there may be some ageism at hand, though of course we can't be sure. what are some things she may be able to do when applying and interviewing for jobs that could help her stand out amongst younger candidates with similar resumes?
how difficult is it for someone to get hired in their field again if they're coming off of a year "sabbatical" or similar? does it change by experience level? i have 3 years of experience in my field, and would really like to do some traveling...
yeah i'd love to get and answer to this. i get calls from recruiters all the time. i have the issues of the step where they say "i'll submit your info to the hiring manager" and it ends up dying there. not sure where that disconnect is
what resume advice can you give someone who has little to no work experience trying to find a job in a field where job experience is highly sought after? in my case, i've only worked a basic retail job and am looking to move into accounting (specifically audit). i have all the education requirements, degrees, etc but my resume could basically fit on a post-it note without trying to stretch it out with extraneous information.
what if you know you don't want any of the jobs your family/friends have? what if you come from a background where everyone you know has minimum wage jobs?
that sounds like the cover letter just moved to the body of the email instead of being an attachment.
a big mistake is not doing sufficient research on the new company/position that they are looking to fill. this can cause blunders during the interview if you're asked specific questions about the position and the mission of the company, i.e. "why do you want to work here?" and it could also lead to regret if you aren't really sure what you are getting yourself into when making a transition into a new job.
this is an excellent question and response that i plan to use for my next interview.
data analytics is a pretty broad term, and one reason why its hiring is because technology now knows how to save and use data for various reasons so data analyst come in and help manage the data for large companies. its not as hot as people assume, but its definitely a new and growing field. the average salary is $60,000 to $70,000. if you have any questions let me know.
i wouldn't say "was able to land a position". sounds like one was actively job hunting. "was offered a position..." is more ambiguous.
what the heck is a cover email and how do i write a good one?
recruiters can't see it when they work at the same company as the employee. however, they could see it if they worked for a subsidiary that had a different name on linkedin. i only saw a couple profiles of our employees that had the feature enabled. they worked for one of our smaller companies and i didn't flag it to hr. the group was going through a rough patch, there was a massive change in senior leadership and people were bailing. if i ever were to tell hr i suspected someone might be looking, it wouldn't be punitive. it would be more of a "this person is great and i'm surprised they're looking. what's going on that is making them want to leave, is there something we should know or be doing differently" kind of conversation.
i'm an older worker (60) who has spent most of his life as a janitor or janitor supervisor. i have other skills, but i feel most jobs won't even consider me due to my age or because i'm a janitor. is there something i could put on my resume so a company would at least give me an interview?
i save that question as one of the final ones before you leave the interview, and i couch it like this: is there anything i've said that makes you question my ability to do this job? if so, i'd like to address that before i leave.
as someone with a background in customer service and no college education, i've found it all but impossible to make it out of the entry-level cycle and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to get by on what someone like me makes. is there an option to break out of this without having to set aside two-plus years to go to school in the middle of my thirties?
it's definitely not impossible for older job seekers to make career changes and find something new with their experience. make sure you are current - create a linkedin profile if you don't already have one and take the time to fill it out and put in a nice, professional headshot. you have a lot of work experience that can be relevant to other fields, so research the positions that you'd like to work in and emphasize how your background will help you to fulfill the requirements of the position. be prepared to be flexible in terms of payment, don't undersell yourself but realize that if you come off as an expensive hire, you may be passed over for a younger worker willing to settle for less money. finally, tap into your network, talk to friends/past colleagues or anyone you know working in the industry you're looking to change into. this can be a great help in landing a new position.
i usually just put my cover letter in the body of the email and attach my resume/other materials. is that acceptable?
hello, i'm a public health professional that just started a b school mba program. i was tired of working 60 hours a week and getting poorly paid for 40. do you have advice as two when i could/should start marketing myself to other fields? i am surrounded by pharma companies so those are the low hanging fruit. are they other avenues i should also be looking at?
i'm also 27 and in a similar situation. i don't dislike my field, but i don't want to feel limited to it. i have about 5 years experience in finance which includes both retail banking and backshop operations. i often fantasize about working for new, modern businesses or companies that i love. the problem is that i feel my resume will be tossed in the trash when they see my experience is primarily in finance. how do i get noticed when i don't have a degree and the company isn't looking for a financial background?
i don't think i am too old. its more a position i cannot afford to dedicate myself to study for a long period of time. i'll lose income plus the costs as well and i am just not at a point where i can do that freely.
how do you reach out into a network you don't have because no one anywhere close to you does what you do? i do programming in the midwest, and not the easy webdev kind either... oh, and i'm self taught... yeah, basically the trifecta for having a hell of a time getting a job.
reaching out to your network can be a great way to break into your industry, and it can be useful when trying to overcome the hurdle of a lack of experience from not being able to find a relevant job. if you are still acquiring skills in your unrelated job that could be relevant to a position in a different industry, talk about that. reach out to people on linkedin. talk about your career goals in your summary. a lack of work experience is definitely a big obstacle but it isn't the nail in the coffin of your job search - you'll just have to find creative and more direct ways around it, like direct outreach.
i am not a hiring manager or interviewer, so take the following with a grain of salt: a recruiter for a large tech company once told me to leave me address off of my resume for this exact reason. you may want to try it for yourself.
i am a recent graduate too. i have a b.s. in neurobiology and several minors in chemistry, and microbiology with 3 years of campus research experience. i have been turned down for 40+ jobs. you are not alone, i feel your pain.
if you ever decide to pursue a job in the field, i suggest looking in the academic it world. that shit does not fly at most universities. half of my co-workers, including my vp, are women.
wow, this makes me so sad. no one should have to wallpaper over their heritage to find honest work. this country, ugh
software engineer (ie code monkey) here. very happy to ride your coattails ;)
fyi: i'm a hiring manager (not recruiter) at a fortune 500. recruiters are just scanning quickly and sending me whoever looks halfway decent and gets past the filters like years of experience or salary expectation. once i get the candidate, i do look at any cover letters attached to the online app. a well written cover letter makes some difference to me. (i'm in marketing.) it can make someone stand out over other candidates who are essentially equal.
what if the gap is because i couldn't find anyone to even give me an interview for 5 years? i have ~7 year gap because i couldn't find work after i finished graduate school.
that's really good to know. it's so nice that someone is reading the things we spend hours writing, instead of just throwing them out.
i work at a 2-yr old internet business and i'm employee number 1. there's no guarantee of any equity but the job is satisfactory for now. my goal in the next 2-3 years is to get our own house. i need advice on whether i should stay (and hope for that equity windfall?) or find another work that lets me earn enough to pay off a home loan. thanks!
so what would hr do under this situation? fire you instead of letting you quit and then have to look for a replacement, and train a new person?
im 28 years old and still dont know what to do for a career. ive never been to college and started working full time out of high school. ive done alright for myself but feel i lack a specific skill/trade. are there any tools or tests out there to help me find a career i'd be good at?
i actually know about this! volunteering. say you want to work in the film industry, the best way to start is by working on student films. they most likely won't be the best jobs you take, but they're for experience and networking. working for charities is seen highly to some employers, not all though. but it does show that you're genuinely passionate about something, if you're willing to work without pay.
this is a tricky question to tackle broadly since every industry has different norms and perspectives on tenure. for example, a 12-24 month tenure in some industries (consulting, early-level investment banking & private equity, large tech) is perceived as normal, while it would be shockingly short in pharmaceuticals. our advice is generally you want to be testing your market value and opportunities for promotion constantly, but be sensitive to your industry's norms. the standard answer that does not raise eyebrows during an interview is along the lines of "i was able to land a position that offered more responsibility, opportunity and career development."
how important would you say things like the kerning and typeface are to a cv? are there letter forms (aside from obvious ones like comic sans) which you would say are a no go, compared to definite 'winners'?
any tips for a 30 something currently finishing an undergraduate in engineering to land internships?
any advice on doing a skype interview from across the world?
linkedin now has a "career interests" section that you can turn on to let recruiters know that you're not happy with your current company and are looking elsewhere. supposedly this is only available for recruiters on linkedin. in that area there is a 300 character limit to what you want recruiters to know about you... as a recruiter, what would you want to know about someone in 300 characters or less?
what career opportunities are there for a doctor (adult internal medicine) that has decided that they are fed up with the whole screwed up healthcare system?
what industry are you in? i'm in finance, and have an advanced designation, and only ever hear from recruiters looking for retail sales people. that said, my geographic region is still recovering from the oil crash. but that's not my point. lnkd isn't good for anything i used to use it for - sharing knowledge, networking. everyone on my feed seems to agree, yet it gets worse and worse.
one exercise we go through with candidates is identifying different family friends within your network. what professions do the people around you have? aunts, uncles, friends of your parents, older alumni from your high school or college, etc. grab a coffee or a beer with them and really pick their brain. you'd be surprised by how much people love to give advice and guidance for someone interested in their field. don't be too shy to reach out!
that's quite unfortunate, some of the best developers i've worked with have been women. at the end of the day i don't give a flying !#@!$@ if you identify as an apache helicopter. if the code compiles & passes the unit tests and you're not an asshole - i want you on my team
as a hiring manager, i look for a quality and personalized cover letter, resume and references. nothing too long or too short. many applicants just use the same cl over and over and don't customize it at all for a particular position or a particular company. many of those get round filed. people who take the time to mention the company and what they do, and how they can solve some common problems for the company, go to the top of the pile.
"i was dealing with a health issue, but i've consulted my doctor, and he/she agrees that i'm ready to get back to work."
this question itself is complex enough it could become it's own reddit thread =) i'll offer another perspective: with the average job posting receiving over 300 applications, companies have convoluted requirements on purpose -- to filter candidates. yes, it's frustrating -- but unfortunately, companies are incentivized to make it difficult to apply to a position.
linkedin employee here. photos are **very** important. recruiters and hiring mangers are 7x more likely to look at profiles with photos than those without.
i use it also, and it's not a paid service. it works swell.
bingo. almost every serious newspaper journalist i know past 55 got offered a buyout (in lieu of a layoff) years ago when the papers could no longer afford the salaries commensurate to their experience.
what are your thoughts on staffing firms? as the director of sales for a small staffing firm, i find that the majority of candidates are oblivious to the disconnect between the recruiter they are speaking to and the actual job they are being submitted to. i believe that the traditional staffing company model is dying. there will always be a niche for executive search and specialized hire firms, but the robert half and k-force types are far less useful. why would a hiring manager pay a 20% fee to k-force when their internal recruiting team has the same toolkit as the amateurs at k-force? what is your veiw on big-box staffing firms and how relevant do you think they will be over the next few years?
joining a shrinking industry is definitely a challenge. media & journalism has been disrupted heavily, and since we're in an age where no one is accustomed to paying for writing, i completely sympathize. if she's been a career journalist, then she'll have to rely on recommendations rather than cold applications to get through the final round. we've seen folks pivot their media backgrounds into successful careers as marketing directors, b2b communications & strategy roles, and (more sales-y) account manager roles. pr is tricky since it involves maintaining your network, which at 58 may be too late to try. i would recommend she start branching out to companies that have a core enterprise business model (ie sells things to large companies) where they value a more experienced voice in the conference room. best of luck!
decide what it is that you want to accomplish in order to reach this feeling of fulfillment. once you have a clear understanding of what it is you need to work for, you can start to figure out which positions and companies could help you fulfill this. some people are born to be entrepreneurs and the only way to fulfill their career goals is to break out on their own and start a business. other people get a great sense of achievement from working on a team and accomplishing a lot for a greater cause like a big company. it all depends on the individual. once you have a clear idea of specifically what you need to accomplish in order to get this boost of confidence, happiness, and sense of internal growth, you can start to find positions that will help you get there. make a list of your career goals. research different companies and their missions and see which ones have values that align with your own. this is a great way to start and hopefully, you'll figure it all out a lot faster.
i did it and got nothing but enthusiasm and questions when i interviewed coming back. it was a good ice breaker. i had more experience and was well networked though ... my resume wasn't going to hr people to filter.
having worked in this field: start with a corporate retail company on a buying/merchandising desk. work your way up through merchandising and planing/supply chain into product development. some places will start you in assistant product development, but usually only for those with a fashion/merchandising degree. nobody wants to hire the typical rachel green type who knows nothing other than that she likes pretty clothes.
i thought this was a joke back in college, but it's completely real in the midwest. i have many friends that were programming novices that get their start at midwestern banks.
yes but those "easy one click" applications typically fill up with dozens of applications. kind of a "spray and pray" technique.
obviously not op here but i manage recruitment for a relatively large organization. having the same text in the email and cover letter is honestly fine and it's preferred to have a "transportable" copy (e.g. pdf, word, whatever) in addition to the email cover, as opposed to assuming the email language will suffice, as the recruiter will often need to share the cover letter with the hiring manager, and only having the "email version" is a pain.
why is it that the united states marines can take a high school educated 19-year-old son of a farmer and train him to drive an $8 million tank in combat, but the average middle management corporate douchebag claims someone with a four-year degree and six years of professional experience isn't quite what they are looking for? while we're at it, why is it the college graduate is immediately eligible to be an **officer in the united states marine corps** while if they choose the cubicle job they will never be promoted or earn a raise? what do the armed forces know that the douchebags don't?
are there any online resources that can help people get experience for data analyst jobs? online courses for sql or any other things like that.
ironically, having a hispanic name in the la area for government jobs would actually help you
i went to school and got my sociology: youth studies bachelor of science degree. ideally i'd want to work with kids (maybe a counselor) but no one wants to give me experience. i did work with youth for about 6 months but employers seem to want at least 1+ year of youth experience. thank you for respond!! i've decided that i will start by redoing my resume from scratch and try to sound less desperate!!
brownie here, and i had the same problem. but instead of putting a different name on my resume, i received some great advice from a couple career service people. they said to put "u.s. citizen" in quotes under my name. after i did that, i noticed a significant increase in callbacks for jobs i applied to afterwards. of course that only works if you're a us citizen.
how does one tailor their resume to get past hr and in front of a hiring manager?
any suggestions for linked in profiles? i am trying to find a new job that is more than a lateral move. i get a few inquiries through it every month but want to make it more effective
how have you helped fresh grads overcome the barrier of entering the job market which demand xx number years of experience in the field when they have little to none?
i'm a hiring manager and i look at everything in the resumes, including the cover letter, job gaps, length of employment. cover letters are great, but if your cover letter is just about: "i'm a quick learner, work well with the team..." you've just written the most inane letter ever that says nothing about you to me except that you can write adjectives. everyone can be a random list of adjectives. tell me why you want to work for me, why you would be a good hire for the position, give me examples of what you've done to bring value.
cover email is the mail you send with your resume. i'm guessing the point is selling yourself in the email copy is more important nowadays than writing a separate letter.
white here, as well. i wanted to give my first daughter a family name (polish) but changed it to an americanized version at the last minute, specifically so her future resume wouldn't be passed over. my second daughter was to be named a "responsible" sounding name but i lost that battle, so it's her middle name. i've told her she will likely have better luck if she uses it as her first name on resumes.
should you do that even if the numbers aren't super impressive? for example, in one of my roles i trained about seven or eight employees. i currently have written 'trained several staff and interns in x y z' because seven doesn't seem to make the point any more noteworthy. what would you recommend?
a little bit of insight on how recruiters at companies think: typically jobs available for will be broken into a variation on three categories: entry (students), experienced hires, and executives. if you're a fresh grad, you are looking for entry-level positions where ideally the work experience range is 0-3 years. there is some leeway around applying to roles that are 3-5 years of experience required if you have reputable internship experience, and the years of experience are typically not a hard-and-fast rule for human reviewers, but we encourage you not to waste your time applying to the wrong job. talent acquisition staff will look for a few core things in a recent graduate's resume: skillset (education or self-learned), leadership experience, and related industry experience (extracurriculars or interests). best of luck!
why quotes if you don't mind me asking? i've been doing it for a few years now and i still get asked if i need a visa. first line is my name, second line is contact info and the words us citizen.
extracurriculars are a little 'childish' according to my dad who has been hiring people in the medical field for over 25 years. unless it directly relates to your job in tech or whatever.
may not be the most appropriate forum for this question but, let me posit this: you are otherwise happy with your job, enjoy your coworkers, etc. but you are having difficulty seeing the long-term viability of the company -- when should you start working on an exit strategy should things go pear-shaped?
good heavens, you're only in your late 20's and you already think you're too old for education? given the current state of medicine, if you take care of yourself you probably have 70-80 more years of life left.
when someone is trying to convey that they have managed high dollar budgets, is it appropriate to say a dollar amount, or is it better to just describe the resources you were responsible for? i.e. 10 fleet vehicles, or 30 employees payroll, 900 computers, etc.
how should i respond if they ask me about job jumping (i.e. switching jobs every few years)? companies aren't loyal to you anymore but expect you to be, and the only way to move up is by leveraging your current position to land a better one elsewhere. is it appropriate to ask an interviewer for feedback to improve myself for the future?
i'm probably the biggest failure i know. i wish i could do personal development because despite personal failure i've probably helped every person i've had as a friend go on to succeed. a buddy does rafting and hiking and climbing while working a very physical job, another is a psychiatrist that in his residency has been chosen to represent his region in washington and la twice a year. at a retail job i got a coworker to apply to the private college i dropped out of, berea, to get himself out of that situation and do what he loves. i wrestle with depression, genuinely enjoying it when i help these folks succeed, but have huge gaps in employment, an unfinished computer science degree, and a wife whose supported me but i feel so awful about not being able to help her. talk about lost.
to echo what bravo said: the downside of the fashion industry is that it is a serious grind. we started our company in nyc and have colleagues in the industry go through fashion week 2x a year. the norm is for interns and entry-level positions to be unpaid, and if you're aiming to break in to the design side, the best thing to do is to go through the fit/parsons (school) pipeline. and as bravo mentioned, you could start as a buyer at a company like abercrombie, j crew, etc. just know that you will be valued for the business acumen, not the design skills.
i feel trapped in a career i don't like, at 27 i want to find something i can enjoy more and feel confident and happy growing within. how do i start and what steps do i need to take to get there?
go to your local temp agency. they'll gladly help you find something to keep busy and employed. it'll also get to some experience in something
can't tell if viral linkedin marketing...was this a paid service?
this can be a problem due to applicant tracking systems (ats) but there are ways around it. in your summary, you should make it clear that you are looking to relocate. also make a point of mentioning your desire to relocate in any cover letters.
we work with many clients who are returning to the workforce or have gaps in their work experience. it is important to mention the reasoning for any of these in both the cover letter and any warm introductory emails you send during your job search. if the gap is less than 6 months, it is fairly normal and most hiring managers will not mention it in an interview. given there are non-competes, garden leaves, and other common reasons for a gap, you'll only really need to go in depth if you are not working for over a year.
unrelated: * is lnkd going to do anything about the absolute drivel that fills my news feed? copy pasta, selfies of made-up women being liked by creepy old dudes, dumb math puzzles. * why doesn't the latest activity from my groups show in the news feed? * why do i see an article that says it's "trending in my industry," but it's totally unrelated to my industry (more likely it's about some hollywood jackass), and all the comments are from people from other industries saying it's inexplicably "trending in *their* industry." * finally, even though my profile is up to date and i've been adding new credentials, classes, etc. over time, why are my profile views down from 5+ per day two years ago to 1-2 per week now? is lnkd secretly losing page views?
the more simple, the better. using standard fonts and formats is really important, especially nowadays with picky ats (applicant tracking systems) that throw out resumes with strange fonts or weird formatting. unless you are a graphic designer and your resume is a way to showcase your artistic talents, keep it boring. a typeface like times new roman or arial are the best options and don't use special characters or strange bullet formats.
not a recruiter but i was off work for 18 months and on disability for some mental illness related issues. i was asked about the gap and replied with a vague: "on disability during that time, worked on my health and have been cleared by my doctor(s) to return to work with no limitations"
thanks for doing this again! i'm in the process of reworking my resume and it's a struggle. how do i illustrate that i want a company that's willing to teach and train me in my industry, without sounding like i'm incompetent?
great question! we've worked with over a dozen career counselors here in the bay area and maintain a large network of recruiters -- the direction the hiring industry is moving towards is placing more emphasis on customizing covering emails -- cover letters are seen as a prerequisite and are often unread. nevertheless, it's good to include one as it passes a minimum bar -- we recommend 2-3 paragraphs and a density of roughly 75% of one full page. mirror the header that you use in your resume.
a friend of mine is trying to get out of retail and into software (maybe web design, maybe data analysis, and i know she's thought about project management in the past). the problem is, a full blown boot camp or degree program is more expensive than a retail paycheck can handle. she's been doing free and cheap online courses, but is there anything else she can do to get out of the job that's actively sucking her soul? additional detail: she does have a bachelor's degree, it's just in a field that needs a master's before jobs open up.
just breaking into animation industry has proved daunting. how to get that second interview?
got two interviews this week. practicing this question right now. thanks!
how do i tell them that when i say self taught, i mean i've written multiple (c, not javascript) libraries, and not "i can html a bit"?
it's expensive to do. your internal hr team might have access to seeing it, but unless you're applying for internal positions they probably have no reason to come across your profile.
how long should i keep putting eagle scout on my resume before it begins to seem old/childish?
how does one get around a college degree requirement? my friend has almost 20 years experience in his field and in management but has trouble being considered for positions outside his current company because he doesn't have a degree.
i went for a job where i did that but was told that it was 'impersonal' and didn't seem like i put any effort into writing on to show specifically why i wanted to work for that business and what i thought i would specifically be able to bring.
hi sgtkiwii, don't give up! companies like ours were started to help jobseekers because the system is. just. so. broken. what degree did you study, and more importantly, what are your strengths and interests (which can become skills down the line)? hopefully you aren't advertising yourself as willing to do anything -- remember that this process is more similar to dating than college applications. don't forget *you're* also interviewing the company and coworkers.
holy shit. as a 31 year old with the same problem, i hope this gets answered!
i really dislike most social media and never made a linkedin/haven't used facebook in years. am i hurting my job prospects by not submitting a linkedin profile to employers that ask for a link?
i've heard that asking questions like "do you have any concerns about anything on my cv" are good, opens up you to explain it and then you know what you might want to edit for later. plus it's something they don't hear very often and you're genuinely interested in their reply so you're more memorable.
yeah, there's a reason i have a cs degree and don't work in the field. i think my final straw was sitting in an interview and being asked, "how easily offended are you? we've never had a woman in this department. sometimes the guys say some off-color things and we don't want any hr problems." i'm actually not really easily offended (i have 5 brothers), but are you kidding? saying that in an interview is an hr problem in and of itself, and further, the person being hired is not the hr problem. the employees who refuse to conduct themselves even remotely professionally are the problem. the it field can be tough for women. i felt like i was constantly having to prove myself in ways my male coworkers never had to; no one ever assumed they didn't have the knowledge or skills.
are you looking for something you just think you'd be good at, or something you can feel passionate about? i'm 30 and just started getting into personal development. i'm invested in the life purpose course from actualized.org but the creator of that site has thousands of free videos and there's tons of free content out there from other life coach type people. i know some people have a mental block about the whole "self-help" thing, but i'm feeling more inspired and hopeful about my life than i have since i was a kid. good luck!
my friend tried to tell me he was a "field engineer". he goes out to client sites and maintains/fixes a specific piece of equipment. i had to explain to him that he is a technician, not an engineer.
is data analysis really the hottest job of 21st century?
i'm 99% sure my decision to ask this question, and my response to their concerns, landed me my dream job. i can't endorse this enough.
more likely a mark goes on your employee file that disqualifies you from getting promotions or raises, and when layoffs come you're at the top of the list.
stay open minded, there are many opportunities out there that could seem like they are unrelated to what you want in a career, but could lead to incredible options later down the road. be prepared to work hard and show that you are interested in staying in the position for awhile - because, with the current job-hopping trend, many employers are hesitant to hire millennials if they are suspicious that they will leave within a year or two of employment. reach out to your network, this is one of the most valuable tools you have as a young job-seeker looking to break into an industry. focus on how you can make a big impact at your first employer right away - the more you can achieve in a short time, the better for making moves either up the ladder or into different, better positions.
i'm in seattle, and there is a lot of work available and there are a number of staffing companies, especially in it. however, there seems to be a real disconnect between what recruiters think a job entails, and what the hiring manager is looking for. here are some questions related to that issue: * why do businesses generate such long and convoluted requirements for their positions, when they are really just looking for someone who can quickly adapt, onboard in a convenient timeframe and operate semi-autonomously? * what is the most common x-factor omitted by managers and applicants? * are jobs morphing to match human requirements, or are humans compensating to meet job requirements? can big-data assist in niche-matching position requirements with not only profiles, but personalities?
if the gap is a yr plus due to depression then obviously one shouldn't reveal that i imagine.. what is a believable cover story that won't enable prejudice?
wouldn't it essentially be the same text in the cover letter and emails?
manager here, i'll always assume that "few" and "several" mean 3-4 at most, otherwise you'd have used a number or stronger language. so yes, use the actual numbers.
don't give up! i'm a (fairly) recent college grad and it took me 9 months to find a job in my field. sent out god knows how many applications, had 9 interviews (three with my current employer), and it was demoralizing as hell. making it to the final cut and getting passed over several times was a huge hit to my ego. several times i wondered why i even bothered to go to college. i worked (sometimes two jobs) all through college, did research, made okay grades, did activities and volunteered some. but i felt like it wasn't good enough. i had been a cashier, hostess, and server just trying to make it until i landed a job in my field. please don't give up. it's exhausting, but don't give up.
what is the best tip you can give me for writing a resume?
i'm turning 30 soon and despite having a degreee in hospitality management i've never been above minimum wage. am i already doomed to fail?
what kind of advice can you offer this up and coming generation (millennials) that are trying to break into this job market for the first time?
"i took some time off to look after someone in my family with a medical issue, which thankfully has resolved."
you joke, but as a professional engineer i really wish the word "engineer" was regulated in the same way "doctor" or "lawyer" is.
ugh, that's depressing, i spend hours writing a good cover letter and adapting it to each potential job. i have a really non-linear background, so my cover letter is generally my selling point... what would you say is the best thing one can do to grab your attention during those 6 seconds?
this is risky, isnt it? everyone can create a profile as recruiter i guess. so any boss can search for his own employees regularly
i'm a 3d artist looking for my first professional studio job, there are no jobs in my state, as the industry is very state oriented (california). i want to secure a job, and am willing to move, but i think not being in the same location will hold be back. how can i overcome this?
hello, what is the best tips for letter writing to get a job? i usually don't bother, but some insist
are eastern european names really that much of a handicap? it seems that every other dentist/ police officer/ fdny in new york has a polish sounding surname with a -inski.
i was in a similar position a few years ago--ended up getting a leadership volunteer gig in my field with a nonprofit and worked mornings and evenings/weekends in food service. sucked awful, and tbh i was completely exhausted for the 11 months i was there, but i was able to get a huge amount of experience and had a great resume line that opened the next door for me. it did really suck to be doing work for free that i new my peers were being paid for, and i had no social life, but i was desperate. in the end i will say that not only did i get the experience needed (and keep my resume from bleeding experience), but i actually got to do more than someone in a normal beginner role in my field would--it was real sink or swim lol. if you're struggling, i do suggest that route. not ideal, but it works.
hi luckyducky, your explanation for the work gap is very acceptable! however, to break through to get an interview, you'll have to rely on your writing skills to personalize outreach. to get in front of a real person: 1) after locating a role you like, research the company and potential hiring managers you can email. 2) set up a multi-touchpoint email campaign that follows up with the person every 3 days. you have to capture them at the right moment when they are thinking about the role. we've had success placing a stay-at-home mom absent from the workforce for 10 years. ultimately what led her to land the job was the hiring managers thought she would have a more compassionate understanding of the clientele they deal with versus the younger candidates. best of luck!
how do you advise handling a large (1.5 years) gap in your resume?
i need a change of career, but i have no idea what i want to do, just that i want to do *something* else. what's your advice on seeking out a new career?
the problem with that, and the mandatory unpaid internships, is that they're gradually replacing entry routes and becoming a dead end where you volunteer/intern until you need money too badly and have to stop and then they pick up a new one. if you're lucky someone in a paid position leaves and they look at the volunteer pool, but it's not that likely.
can confirm this is a problem. i'm white, but my first name sounds mexican. during a stint of job-hunting, i applied for the same job i had previously with no response and used "sara" as my first name. resume and cover letter were identical. they emailed me about four days later to set up an interview. i told them what they did and for that reason, i would not be entertaining their interview request. bastards.
they don't care nor pay attention. yesterday i overheard 3 guys at a restaurant talking about how much hillary sucked so trump had to be better no matter what. then someone mentioned that mccain guy and they couldn't remember who he was exactly... until one of them said he's the guy that ran against obama... still having no real idea of who john mccain is. none of them. there's your 37%
and when they do, they'll call everything a "leak"
anti flag is also in the studio finishing or just finished a new album
which is doubly funny because the us military uses metric units for things like distance
they want to be able to deny saying what they are saying and try to paint the press as untruthful. the downside is being caught in another lie with hidden recorders.
maybe by wapo and cnn on a good day, but fox will probably be happy to do as told by the supreme leader.
i have an honest question, why is the white house even having a press briefing if reporters can't report it?
no, you know what *really* scares me? what scares me is how complicit around 37% of america is to dump the first amendment because "its muh prez!" and "librul tears!". you can stand by the bullshit policies trump wants to implement but what *no one* should be tolerating is the blatant disregard of ethical behavior from a sitting potus and a blatant disregard for the first amendment that this whole fucking administration has.
or basically a map at figuring out what areas of the country haven't progressed since 1882.
but maybe if we kick out enough immigrants we will all become millionaires. i don't know about you, but the only thing between me and a million dollar a year salary is some illegal immigrant. /s
the journalists can report the content of the press briefings, but they're not supposed to film or record it. basically, they're all taking notes and writing from that, which probably means direct quotes are out (who can write that quickly, beyond a couple of words?)...this way, the white house can continue to say that they *are* granting access to journalists, that they *are not* depriving anyone of their first amendment rights (freedom of press) and if they don't like what is asked/written, they can say that the journalists abbreviated quotes or took them out of context...basically, they can say: the administration opens their doors to everyone--even those filthy enemies from the fake news--and lets them ask anything they want and then write anything they want! it's completely and totally fair!!!...even though it's not.
they just want to be able to yell slurs without catching a side eye or a broken nose. they have little concept of what the 1st amendment actually is and what it protects.
and an entire political party, with all of its power and interconnections is going along with it
actually it might have been russian collusion too. especially if they purged voter registrations. you can't blame it all on one single thing. hrc's loss was a perfect shit storm.
gop during 2016 election: it's the content of the leaks that matter, not who leaked them! gop after 2016 election: it's about time to start prosecuting leakers as traitors to america, who gives a shit what the leaks contain, its all fake news from libruhl tears mainstream media anyway!
on bullets 3 and 5, can i know more? if i search for near things i'll be flooded with 1,3,&4
honest questions will not be answered at this time.
when trump was elected, i turned to my girlfriend and said, "it's time to be worried about this country. this is the first time in my 40 year life i'm actually scared." i had no idea it could get this bad. i've been finding ways to be more of an activist, a voice against the direction this country is going. i had no idea this would happen so damn fast.
we were ready on paper, but people always make profits off the margins of our fear. what better margin than the physical margins of facebook ad space? i'm a big believer in marshall mcluhan's ideas about human communication. the medium is the message and all that jazz. any method of communication we create is a two way street informed by our biological underpinnings, and at the same time, we can find ourselves with changed thought processes without even knowing it. the internet is that concept on an exponential scale of time, like an event horizon. there's no way to account for it.
they also gave him free publicity when he began campaigning. the 4th estate gave us trump in the race for ratings. they may not be kissing his ass now. but they did it quite often before now.
that's a really good point. it's why i think it's so important to rally people who aren't involved in politics and don't vote. that 30ish percent will never abandon trump, but i'm still holding out hope that this administration will force politically apathetic people out of the shadows to stand up for democratic values.
funny how it's the likes of trump supporters who always whine about free speech and freedom of the press. now they have they biggest anti-press president and the biggest anti-free speech subreddit.
it isn't quite that yet, it's incompetence and autocratic idiocy.
this is what saddens me the most - even if somehow our protections against fascism ultimately work, despite republicans doing everything in their power to undermine them, and trump and co are pulled from office, there's over 60 million americans who either supported this or were too blind to see it for what it is. i don't know how that pandora's box can ever be closed.
twitter is a garbage service run by a garbage company headed by garbage people that creates garbage culture.
the strange thing is that according to an economist on npr one of the ways trump could get his 3% gdp increase promise is by influxing a shit ton of immigrants.
honest question, what the hell can the wh do to enforce this? there's no classified intel. unless they start revoking credentials, which i don't even think they need a reason to do, this is pointless.
i would settle for an end to fox news and propaganda media.
at least there's somewhat of a system in place to keep things in check (downvoting).
pretty much all my friends who identified as libertarians were on the trump train even before he was considered to have a reasonable chance to win the primary. no, it doesn't make sense to me either.
jeremy corbyn, leader of the uk's labour party is going to introduce run the jewels at glastonbury today. killer mile was also involved with bernie sanders campaign, he's got a some interviews with bernie and also phone banked for him
how far off from journalists disappearing in the night so you think we really are. i wouldn't blame them for being scared.
a traitor has high-jacked the executive branch in order to install a kleptocratic authoritarian oligarchy.
the correct answer. fascism is blooming... and this is terrifying. what's worse, americans are betraying their country because they feel they aren't the millionaires they should be - and giving up freedoms will somehow make their lives better.
they were just talking about this on npr this morning. they also said a more realistic (and most optimistic) growth would be around a 2% increase over 10 years.
correction: their alternative reality crowd at rallies.
that's the sickest part. this country will need a whole new set of laws surrounding the presidency, congress, senate, media, scientific agencies, foreign advisors, cabinet appointees, and so on after this fiasco is over to prevent them from ever doing this again. this whole thing is disgusting and every day it gets worse.
i think there is a hell of a difference between a report that is innacurate but was at least reported in good faith and "fake news"
what comey said was true: no votes were changed. but voter rolls were manipulated.
a press briefing where the press isn't "allowed" to distribute what they've been briefed on. what a fucked up world we now live in.
why are they even holding press conferences at this point?
i remember watching with awed horror at turkey's turn last summer. just how quickly a (somewhat) democratic country could fall into a fascist dictatorship. didn't expect to go from watching it to living it quite so fast.
just waiting for the day trump says on camera he doesn't work for the american people. and some goobers actually agree with him and stand up for it.
and yet the gop keeps winning elections. it's not just that i'm disappointed in my country, it's that my country is becoming something much less than what it was. many of my fellow citizens applaud it, it seems to be what we want to become. less. this is not america anymore, it's america.
it made me sick last week watching how many people immediately jumped on the conclusion that the left fosters violence by calling these people fascists. the tide has turned, and the fascists are winning.
it would seem so... just imagine what will happen in the aftermath of trump's reichstag.
i don't think so, they were still reeling from wwi, looking for direction and hitler provided that, i think. i'm the farthest from a history person though.
my only response i get from trump supporting family is "but obama...". i don't give a shit what a obama did!! live in the fucking now!
**benedict donald's entrance music:** fascist! (turn to the left) fascist! (turn to the right) ooooooooooooh **fascist!**
i was really happy to see how vocal mike was in support of bernie. so free artists put their time and name into something positive after their criticisms.
he's basically just been taking money, filing bankruptcy, and using said money to start a new bad idea. i don't get how people can think that's a successful business man. no, that's a successful scumbag.
those same 37% would be up in arms (literally) if obama had done just one of the things that trump has done. the hypocrisy is astounding.
what's even scarier is that half of the country is supporting it adamantly... or just in denial? i know people who think trump is doing great things for this country and i can't believe anyone can look at the things that are going on and then, "yeah, this is good!" i'm astounded and frankly terrified.
gaslighting and information control. test the waters, who to trust with the national agenda doctrine all that shit
right? i don't give a fuck about clinton's emails, but even if i did, what does it have to do with our president being a national embaressment?
europe here, born in the 70s. my generation grew up with the rule of thumb that every trend from the us would reach europe within a few years. i really hope that this rule does not apply anymore...
this should scare the shit out of everyone. we're just getting into this administration and look how far we have drifted away from the core democratic practices of the united states.
fast is part of the plan. by the time you realize shit is really and truly fucked it's too late.
it's all over that sub-genre of rap. it can either be a stylistic choice to fit in with the culture or actually come from deep personal homophobia. some rappers dropped it over time as they became aware of how ignorant it is.
someone is really confused about the first amendment and the role of the press.
i think that's still pretty far off. this isn't russia(or is it...?). if journalists start turning up dead after reporting on certain things, it's gonna raise too many questions and will surely expose the white house. those journalists who'd die would be regarded as heroes long after their death. hopefully it never comes to that though.
and apparently all they had to was convince people liberals are engaged in a vast conspiracy to undermine conservatives. now they want the protection of big daddy trump.
so why are they even there then? is the trump base really so simple that they don't see right through this stuff?
this is the part that blows my mind the most. well, the combination of this, and 70 year old boomers, who previously yelled things like 'better dead than red!', who are now all pro-trump (and supposedly russia-ambivalent).
churches need to be taxed when we regain control - you hear me reasonable people? they are businesses with political interests, it is against the interest of the country to let them be tax-havens.
i'm starting a petition to make our armed forces use freedom units moving forward, why use a base-10 numeric system when you can use a "no fucking idea how any of this converts" numeric system?
damnit, freedom ain't free or some stupid shit like that.
and america's downfall continues as the powers that be make one greedy, short-sighted decision after another.
in hindsight, it was a mistake to make the president above the law.
it's happening. a reichstag is inbound at some point.
it seems to be working. none of the trump voters i know show any sign of buyers remorse and still speak of him with a level of reverent rapturous ecstasy usually reserved for children meeting a costumed mickey mouse for the first time.
it also keeps his base in line and feeling like they are winning. they are pep rallies.
agreed, for the moment. sadly, the majority of brits' voters already fell for the populists' bs beforehand.
i mean... what in the actual fuck is going on in this country?
i have plenty family that feels the way you describe. it's a mix of apathy and hating facts they don't agree with, like climate change, or things trump has been recorded saying. when i start listing sources, all i get in response is just "but the lawyers or scientists could be lying!" and other excuses. i've given up on convincing others, they'll see how dumb they were soon enough.
from an outsider's perspective, this would be a good time to hit the quickload button and start all over. but in reality, that will never happen. mostly because of the change in society - a considerable portion of your fellow muricans believe in conspiracy theories (alex jones = gospel of the truth), are not able to think in a rational way (everything trump says = good; msm = evil) and just want to watch the world burn. in my country that's maybe ~10%, so these people have no power. but in yours they're all over the place. you fucked up somewhere in the past few years/decades... in education, for starters...
gotta love the fourth estate. they're not here to kiss trump's ass.
judging by the results of the french and british elections, it seems that you guys are more apt to go to the other end of the spectrum in disgust over what happened here in the us.
the aftermath of this is, if nothing changes, people with the means (well educated, in demand careers, etc.) will leave the united states.
the loss was most certainly a shitstorm. but the media's complicity in that affair is easily forgotten. sure they're fighting the good fight now, but a year ago they were giving this orange turd free press. so much so that his underfunded campaign got free boosts that people like bernie never benefited from. they didn't start the dumpster fire, but they did toss in their old newspapers.
it's absolutely neofascism. while people are outraged and fussing over one neofascist policy, the neofascists are working behind the scenes to erode democracy in order to ram through more neofascist policies.
i mean, at that point could you not kick everyone out, lock the door, put up a "press briefin' brb" sign, throw on a 3 hour marathon of animaniacs, and call it a day?
it's literally on the first page of the rule book for 612d backgammon
trying to "rattle" a witness about to testify? sounds like witness tampering to me.
nope. they're entitled. we should be honored to be paying their salary, regardless of the job they do. i hate the gop.
how many warnings and sign posts along the way do americans need to recognize what is happening here? none of the behavior from this white house is proper or right. you're going to be in trouble soon and you're sitting by letting it happen... watching it even; for sport.
i wonder if this is what a lot of germans felt like watching hitler rise to power.
ok then i need to start my own religion.... only we don't believe in god and don't pay taxes. actually hasn't the right been accusing science of being a religion? shouldn't everyone who performs an expierement be a pastor?
- 3 - newt acknowledged that there are no tapes, and trump was trying to 'rattle' comey.
what a day for republicans: * wh exposed for trying to gag the press * congressional gop can't figure out how to write an aca repeal that anyone likes * trump admitted to being a lying, manipulative pos * revelations confirming that trump asked intel chiefs to refute collusion claims * more revelations that not only were voter rolls hacked before the election, but they were altered, specifically targeting democrats
it's hilarious that trump is *still* holding maga rallies. as if that does fuck all aside from reassuring to himself that he's well-liked.
yet still exceptionally successful. this is very likely unrecoverable
two very hot topics today: 1) a wh administration that doesn't want the american public seeing their press updates 2) a republican senate that doesn't want the american public seeing what's going into a major healthcare bill this is the disease we fight wars to prevent spreading around the world and it is happening in our own front yard.
the us political system was in shambles *before* trump, he (and his advisors and possible accessories) just took advantage of this trash fire.
they're already losing $400 million dollars a year, it's not clear to me the ads can get much more worthless either way.
that's a useful map figuring out what is an interesting place to visit and what is uninhabited dirt
he's only above the law as long as congress and the senate condone his crimes. every day that goes by republicans in congress and the senate are just as guilty as trump, flynn, and others.
thats why he does these things every few weeks. he thrives on the adulation.
twitter is a fucking blight upon this nation's discourse and i hope biz stone gets colorectal cancer.
people in texas keep their yard signs up after an election? fuck, that's dedicated. i mean, you have to move that shit every time you mow your lawn.
well cnn did that just before the press conference. should have told them ahead of time. wolf blitzer was pissed going over it. in actuality, what the fuck is going on? as a tax payer, i pay spicer and huckabees salary to tell us what is going on. are they too chicken?
his son already said that donald works for the real americans and all his critics aren't really people anyway... so that's a start...
the fourth branch by immortal technique gets me fucking amped to say "fuck the opinion forming apparatus of america!" however, in terrifying times like these, we need this institution now more than ever for simple self-preservation. my hope is that this gauntlet will restore some dignity to america's media outlets as they begin to abandon "if it bleeds, it leads, 24 hour news/entertainment" and get back to more thorough, substantive investigative journalism.
the nazis in germany continued to hold elections for a while after they got power. it placated the masses that things were still "normal" while the nazis consolidated power. apologies for going full godwin's law here...
isn't saying he wanted to "rattle" comey an exact admission to obstruction of justice?
social media in general is a blight. facebook isn't any better nor is reddit (i say this hypocritically, posting here). i personally feel we're not ready for it as a society in numerous ways.
they have to have a story. that's the 24-hour cycle. believe it or not, foxites still channel-flip, if only to "keep an eye on the enemy" (my dad and gma, lib and con respectively, admit to doing this). if they don't at least vomit up with another butterymales story, their daily score goes down along with management's frown.
twitter refuses to do anything about the bot issue and i don't understand why.
what is heartening is that the fascists can't seem to tie their shoes. the greatest blessing of trump is he's a fucking idiot.
more of an honorable fascism award. or fascism participation. let's be real. out of all fascists and dictators. trump would be the worst of them. rookie of the year for fascism / dictator is probably going to the philippines.
americans are beginning to understand what it's like to live in a country they would previously have exported democracytm to.
its darkest just before the dawn. i choose to believe trump will be the wake up call that reforms american politics.
"white house warns reporters not to report" where are my patriotic libertarians fighting against this tyranny of the man trampling free press and free speech?
how people cannot see the absolute hypocrisy on this and still vote for them is astounding!
propagandhi finished recording a new album recently. i expect it to be *angry.*
so they have something to do, i guess? it's like they're perpetually running behind and playing catch up to their own ridiculous decisions.
people stopped questioning authority and instead worship it.
i still see transparently fake traffic on facebook, youtube and spotify that they do nothing about. they're complicit, and sooner or later that will come back to bite them.
as it turns out, the internet didn't usher in an era of hyper-informed individuals who use all the knowledge at their fingertips to better themselves. social media in particular serves only to amplify ones personality. smart people use the web to educate themselves and be more efficient. dumb people see their idiocy reinforced, and are rewarded by whatever vote/like/share currency they participate in. you would think 20+ years into the modern internet age, people would have an idea of what's real and what's bullshit, but i guess we need more time. or it'll never happen. i don't know.
shut the fuck up. pastor bill speaks for jesus on sundays, and jetskis for jesus on bright summer days. jesus needs his jetski.
we're losing yard signs and bumper stickers around me in texas.
marking anything not reportable is a surefire way of getting it reported asap.
it's been kind of eye opening finding out how many of the "laws" governing the conduct of the president turned out to be a collection of suggestions and tradition.
i love how with obama we had millions of people screaming "martial law!", and now they welcome their "god emperor" with open arms.
terrifying times. i've also noticed that many white house reporters are having their twitter accounts blown up by bots defending this move.
they are embarrassed because they misplaced their wallets.
no. knowing this country this is what will happen: there will be a ton load of republicans claiming to be 'not trump' and hence win elections. they'll claim that trump was just an insane aberration.
oh come on. there are dozens of quaint little villages in the red areas. think of the antiquing you could do!
except immortal technique prides himself on being more "educated" and better overall than just about all rappers. from what i gather he wants to be so different from modern rappers yet needs to rap like a homophobe to mesh with the same scene?
although not every leak is true and lots of news is fake, i just assume that anyone the white house accuses of being a "leaker" or call "fake news" is probably telling the truth.
as an outsider it's hard not to laugh though. i'm so sorry guys
cameras don't lie, the wh wants you to think reporters do.
was kinda wondering where he's been, that and punk bands. "trump youth" should of been a name by now
so, what i see is that the same people who vote republican, also don't like to live near people.
except these incompetent fascists are laying the groundwork for competent ones to come along and finish the job.
i keep trying to tell people that trump (while horrid) isn't the problem. he is merely a symptom of the problem. the problem is the gop, and the right-wing talking heads. he is literally everything they've been yelling about for years. he wasn't elected in a vacuum, he didn't just show up out of nowhere. :-/ people looked at him, listened to the drivel that he spewed, and thought "that's who i want to lead the country" -_-
anddddd you just problematized one of my remaining rap heroes.
reminds me of a joke. so joe is condemned to hell. the devil offers joe a choice of two rooms for eternity. one room was a burning furnace with everyone screaming in pain. the other room was people standing around in shit up to their waist. joe tell's the devil that the choice is easy, the room standing in shit. so he gets in there and he's thinking this is great in comparison. then he hears a voice over a speaker, okay break time is over back to standing on your heads.
mike and jaime aren't pulling any punches with this admin.
what's even worse for me was finding out that the laws and protections i thought existed to keep this from happening are being used as toilet paper and half the country doesn't even care. hope is hard to come by these days personally.
ive seen other platforms crack down on bots because it made the ads more worthless. people just haven't leaned on twitter enough for them to start shaving off the worthless clickholes.
luckily, nascent fascism trying to be implimented by idiots.
if this is a joke, it's not the least bit funny. if it's not a joke, it's not the least bit funny.
twitter threads are complete garbage and vitriol, beginning to rival youtube
their story will be how disloyal fake news outlets like ny times, wapo, msnbc, and cnn are leaking information garnered at press briefings.
a friend of mine signed up on tinder and didn't get any matches. thought, his expectations are probably way too high. i took his phone and swiped right for every woman. he still didn't get any matches... :(
i like to come up with weird random questions to ask, like if they like burritos as much as i do. or what their favorite thai place is. or if they like ice skating. really i've tried just about anything i can think of to start a conversation. 3 girls out of like 85 have bothered talking to me. but why the fuck would you match with someone you have no interest in talking to?
sorry, dude. :( you can have a month of my time. i'm not using it very well.
like most say.. all openings don't seem to work so i tried something different, i just put in my profile "i don't message first but if i liked you, there is a reason for that, feel free to message me". i figured if a girl likes me enough to want to talk to me, she will just message me herself and i put that comment in there incase they are afraid to do, worked well. i started getting a bunch of girls asking me why i don't message first, met 4 women from tinder because of it. one of which is my current girlfriend :d 6months going strong :) extra pro dating tip: just fucking ask her out, give her something to look forward to, take it out the realm of the internet, if you just keep chatting bullshit together online you will both die out because you are both just text on a phone and not something real.
ever switch the genders to see what you're up against? that's when i uninstalled tinder...
or you could post a picture of you in your sport car. i'm pretty sure most girls would swipe right for a guy in a ferrari.
if men all agreed to withhold dick like a cartel, we could even the playing field by artificially deflating its supply and raising its price. give it a year and i guarantee we could be getting red lobster out the ass for free!
it reminds me of the sign that says "make $5,000-$6,000 a month working from home" only good looking hookers on backpage can do that.
once got dumped on a tinder date, because she found a hotter single during our dinner conversation.
girls everywhere want to be fed and taken places, it's human nature, but some of us will suck your cock before we go.
i honestly am very tempted to believe all those men saying they get tinder dates are professional bulshitters paid by tinder to promote the service because i've never met any male first hand that has told me he had success with the app. regardless of looks.
a friend of mine got liked and then when the woman realized who he was irl (they are both in the same industry) she wasn't interested. that didn't do a lot for his self-esteem.
results dependent on attractiveness. step 1: don't be ugly.
i tried using tinder and everyone was so... boring. i'm a man and i don't actually expect any lady to go on a date with a guy they matched with on a free app, but i was at least hoping to have some interesting conversation out of it.
don't sell yourself short. i bet there's like two singles in your area that might be interested.
women on tinder are judgemental as fuck. they want the best of the best profile that has matched her. it's all about gaming the picture game, and girls are good at that shit. it's really limited for what it can offer: good pictures and clever profile bio/conversations. if you are on top for both, then it should be no problem. if you don't, then you probably will do better in real life as long as you aren't handicapped by your own self-esteem.
i thought it was nsafinder, msybe the bots vary by location?
so, basically most guys problem? swiping right on the super hottie when they, themselves, are a super nottie.
oh. this chick was just creeped out at me, i'm probably not as good looking as you.
"i just say 'hi.' it works everytime," says ryan gosling.
i once asked my grandmother if she thought i was handsome. she said i was funny. :/
try "if you were a potato, what kind of potato would you be?"
this is good to hear. i've been very worried with professional athletes getting any action at all.
holy shit - self-immolation coupled with a direct insult.
"where's your girlfriend?" "oh, she can't make it. well, shall we?"
ask a totally out of left field question that catches thier attention. lots of people won't go for it, but i get way more replies with something ridiculous than with a "hey" or "how's it going?" my go to if i can't think of something based on thier profile is, "who is your favorite little rascal, alfalfa or spanky?" (of course this a trick question because the correct answer is buckwheat)
you can be unattractive. you just need wealth, humor, and a big cock
**wrong wrong wrong** he's completely ruining the d.e.n.n.i.s. system!
times like this i'm glad i'm 43 and dated in the pre-internet real world. you kids have no idea how much better it was then and how awful all of this sounds.
tinder helps you realize how shallow you are, i reckon.
what were the rules again? * be attractive * don't be unattractive
this post has given me new perspective. approach it as a numbers game, don't take things personally, and be patient. yeah that's not gonna happen
try grinder. it's a totaly different ball game over there.
ya because someone can tell you have a giant dick by looking at your selfies
it's terrible to get girl advice from gay guys because what works for them totally doesn't work for straight guys
i think my standards are low, so i swipe right a lot. i mean, at that stage you're only asking yourself "would you have sex with her for a prolonged period of time?" (assuming you're not after one night stands). never get replies even from the women on the lower end of the point system. :|
it made me realize i had more types than i previously thought. it also made me tired of blonde girls who are foodies and travel.
i'll say it was more like 15 seconds, but i'll be sure to double-check with her.
can someone explain the purpose of tinder bots to me? what do they do? what's their goal in getting you to click some random link? virus? ad money?
holy shit, technology does improve fast. my mom had to wait 9 months for her disappointment.
nope. i work with very expensive cars and drive them often. i had a picture of me driving a very expensive sports car on my tinder profile. girls thought i saw it at a car show. i think ideally you just have your picture be the deed to your house and the registration for a lamborghini at that address. i think that would work.
grinder is interesting. i try to imagine how tinder would be if girls behaved like guys do on grinder. sometimes i see the advice "just be yourself", on grinder, guys are themselves, and it works. you want to fuck someone, just tell them, nobody will call you a creep or play hard to get. also, in my experience people usually do want to have sex with you regardless of your profession, income, height, etc unless there's something about you they specifically dislike.
all the girls on tinder in my area want to be fed and love adventuring. they just want someone to buy them food and take them places. which they'd have if they had a relationship with their parents
i was actually fairly surprised by the number of attractive women on tinder. i'd say i swipe right 80% of the time. though i don't get much love back. eh, at least it's not a time sink like okcupid for the same result. seems like if there is a match on tinder i'm more likely to at least get a "hey there" type message back. and only one bot so far. but for that one there was no doubt even before i swiped.
"not looking for a hookup" she is, but if she says she wants a hookup, out come the weirdos like me.
tinder is practically porn for guys who get off on the disapproval of women.
"repeated disappointment as fast as you can swipe!"
you don't know how many times i get messages from dudes saying him and his girlfriend/wife are looking for a partner to have "fun" with.
you did so many things right in that last scenario: 1. refusing to "play the game" and flipping the script made you stand out from the other guys competing for her affection. 2. doing so in a humorous manner probably made her smile/laugh. 3. doing so in a mildly self-deprecating manner made you likeable. 4. and finally, even saying that there was one other girl who messaged you back increased your perceived value in her eyes, without coming across as bragging.
i realize this is a joke comment, but my husband found one of those the other day, turns out that it can be erased by holding a flame to the paper, too! we felt like magicians...
yah, basically same here. i have self-esteem though. got 30 matches. zero replies. then i got discouraged and stopped.
'my name is tiffany, and my minge is like opening a grillled cheese.'
hey, everybody is probably going to hate me for this, but i actually met my wife on tinder. flash forward to the present, we've been happily married for 3 years and still going strong.
getting matches doesn't seem to be hard. had a ton of matches when i still had tinder. but no one wants to talk. its just stupid. why match with people you aren't interested in? i get why guys do it cause if they didn't we wouldn't get any matches at all. but then women are just ignoring all their matches anyway? whats the point.
are you trying to talk to girl-people or boy-people? because if it's girl-people then our theory is intact. if it's boy-people we must question everything we know about tinder.
whatever type was responsible for the great famine
no, for tinder especially you kinda need to be attractive first. it's difficult to express wealth, humor and big cock through a selfie. unless you just make your pic a dick pic? will that get you banned? if you want wealth to carry you, you probably need to sign up for seekingarrangement.com and just flat out pay a girl to see you. (but they're not prostitutes! they promise!)
too real? no, sir, 50% real, 50% girls from fwbworld, where ass eating is always on the menu.
her okcupid profile is in her post history. judging by that, i'd guess she's looking at guys out of her league. i guarantee she's getting swiped right, she just doesn't like the matches she gets.
the term is unicorn. i'm poly and married. lots of married couples want to share a young, attractive, bisexual woman. there aren't many young, attractive bisexual women looking for couples. so everyone is searching for a unicorn, but they're almost impossible to find.
you gotta hit em with the big guns, my guy. name puns usually get a response, the cornier, the better. her name is maggie? easy-hit her with the "what's your favorite food? mine is mag 'n cheese." got a lisa on your hands? fire off a "i don't message a lot on here, but i'm hoping you'll give me at lisa response" or, open with a really corny joke, but keep it clean. you can find them on r/dadjokes, and they're money. also, be really physically attractive. that helps too.
instead of going out to clubs to meet and have some fun with girls, nba players are using tinder to meet up with people and have one night stands. so basically if you want tons of tinder success, just become an nba player.
i'm pretty unique, i personally love to laugh. seriously, when i see this in a profile i imagine someone just sitting there in a room alone. "well, time to start laughing. ha. ha ha. ahahahahaha!"
they're not singles if you count the kids they already have.
it's probably more likely that pmme-your-tits-girl just knows how to talk to women.
i'm married now but i used to do online dating. i'd start with something like "i really enjoyed reading your profile and you seem like someone i'd like to get to know. maybe we could chat here and go out to dinner or something if you feel comfortable." got like a 60% response rate. but you find out most of the time they all have one or two word answers and don't really care to ask about you. those are the chicks that want a free meal and/or some penis. the ones that engage with you are actually interested.
the way to get girls is to not try at all. - ridiculously handsome guy
i used to write "your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter."
"tons of hot singles are ready to ignore you! click here!"
i frequently delete tinder, because i never get matched with girls i'm actually attracted to (serial right-swiper, sue me). but every once in a while, i'll know of a genuine tinder success story and it keeps that little flame of hope - just barely - alive.
i dont quite qualify for a whole month of their time...
was a guy on tinder. self-esteem and ego skyrocketed. but i mean, there's only one way for it to go when it's at rock bottom already.
nah, i mean my birth, not the time you slept with her.
always swipe right for people you want to bang, not marry. you will never get matches if you only swipe right for the unicorns.
do you like having conversations that go nowhere? enjoy racking your brain thinking of interesting shit to say for it to ultimately fail every time? welcome to tinder!
probably a balance between having enough bots to boost your revenue but not so many bots that people give up on your service completely. guess every business does this: how much can we piss off our customers without losing them. looking at you, arlines.
i've done this, click like as fast as i can until it runs out just to see who i'm matching with. turns out fat chicks and old ladies are pretty into me.
or it's an open marriage and the dude wants to watch.
tinder actually got me in a situation like that, writing that i'm a bi girl in my profile attracted those kind of people a lot.
being dishonest in any dating scenario (through an app or otherwise) doesn't work in the long run. if someone is only interested in you for your money and they realize you have none, then how long do you think that relationship is going to last? dishonesty in dating is just wasting everyone's time. if you want to find someone who is truly interested in you, then you're really being self-defeating when you pretend to be someone else.
don't forget that unlike most human beings, they also love to have a good time!
no son, you can hit the bottom and start digging deeper.
are you hitting them with the 'hey' if so, that's why
to be serious for a second (as i do get matches), i think i'm alright looking. however, my bio and pics are probably shit.
no he's not! he's just demonstrating his value to her. that's the d in dennis.
road teams have actually been playing better in the last few years. there's a theory that one of the reasons for it is because tinder made finding a hookup much faster so now players can get some action and still get a lot of sleep.
lol i did that too and found out she super liked me back. not a bad ego boost but the whole "super like" thing is v. weird
do you have a photo of yourself hugging a tiger? or a photo of you doing yoga in front of a sunset on a beach? no? no wonder they aren't interested in you..
it's some good adviiiiiiiiiiice that you just didn't take
and apparently you absorb a little bit of bpa each time you handle that thermal paper
i hope the collapse quickly, they are toxic, just like several other groups
usually you pre pay by card if it's a chain or through a delivery service, but in my experience little mom and pop places have the option to pay cash the door. even some delivery services you can choose to pay cash. whenever people pull tricks like that though it's just the little restaurants that suffer. the recipient would just turn them away and say they didn't order it and the restaurant would have to eat the cost of good and time.
purely anecdotal, but we passed them in hollywood one time. they approached me, i gave a polite no as soon as guy stopped talking. i told my mom in spanish to keep walking. guy immediately approaches my mom and gives his pitch in perfect spanish. my no that time was a little harsher.
was kind of dismayed when i saw the harlem church of scientology. they really are targeting the poor. it was getting remodeled when i saw it too. looked very nice, and expensive
i watched a documentary on anonymous one time. it turns out they they are just a bunch of 4chan hacktivists who (for the most part) are unaffiliated with each other. it seems to me that there's not really a way to join anonymous. you just hack and then say you are part of it.
i once 'hacked' one of those radio voting contests for a friend by using proxies to change my ip everytime i cast a vote in their favour. is that cool enough for anonymous?
most of us know it's bad but are still surprised that a lot of celebrities here joined them. every time i'm in hollywood and walk by the cos, i'm pretty disgusted by it, i'm sure others here are to.
the big new one in north hollywood? i drive by it at least once a week. what was extra bizzare about it was that when they were doing the final landscaping touches, all of the work was being done exclusively at night. and not by landscapers either. so i'd be driving by at 9 pm and see 2 women and a man wearing formal sea org-esque gear trying to plant a palm tree.
clearwater is a very nice city in florida near tampa and st. pete that cos, unfortunately, took over a while back. cos owns something like half the real estate in the city and i think it's considered the cos hq outside of the seaorg.
clearwater, florida is home to the scientology headquarters. there are anecdotes of scientologists having completely penetrated the local government, including law enforcement.
yeah after they lost all that money on ink anyway
i don't think people are that mad anymore i think at first they thought it was gonna be about the kkk or some shit.
and that's what i like about anonymous. they're actually helpful.
i worked at domino's last year, you could pay in cash
most receipts today are printed on thermal paper. that's why they fade.
that...doesn't sound like how you meant it...probably.
well, sure. landscapers need to be paid. cult members don't. so after their 9-5 jobs in the real world, they go to the cos and do their menial labor.
it's a free riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide when you've already paid
both. george lucas joined the church in the early '90s
and the birth of a new scientology division! we'll call it... scientonerology!
operation chanology. probably the nail in the coffin for old anonymous as they split between "moralfags" and "oldfags" originally it was for the lulz, but some of them grew a heart during this. then they became hactivists.
i got a friend that went to the chiropractor for like 2 years and his posture went from "meh" to greek statue.
nah, it's all by credit card through an app or by phone. you can tip at the door, but even tipping a guy for hundreds of pizzas seemed like a fair trade in exchange for, you know, getting hundreds of pizzas. :p
as a former person who logics, they probably didn't send hundreds of pizzas across europe from a single shop.
as a waco resident... that's a solid joke, how have i not heard that?
"and why is this fax different from all other faxes?"
well yeah every form of harassment they did was illegal, that's why they did it anonymously but yes in this case an innocent bystander was the victim.
i still find it astounding how something like scientology can still be running today.
you have to admit their buildings are, although empty, beautiful. i've always wanted to take a tour to see the inside, but although i would never join, they scare me. cults are no joke.
then when you come home you notice that you forgot to switch the default printer and the entire house is smeared with black ink and thousands of paper sheets. that is the exact same moment someone rings your doorbell and you open it, hearing the words: "hi, we're from scientology. we would like to have a little talk about how we can improve your life!"
nah, 125th and 2(?)nd either 2nd or first. it's right by the bridge to randall's island
if you're referring to the one on 125th and 5th ave, i believe they recently closed it down and moved out.
they've taken down lots of child pornography sites.
ugh, i remember those. they came by my university during finals week and tested to see if we had any stress.
clearwater, fl. the public headquarters of the cult. the flag organization is where most of the "high-level" (high cost) courses and services are provided. downtown clearwater has been dominated by scientology, only now the city has taken steps to regain it
this is just the level of pettiness that i strive for every day.
do you mean to say xenu's overlordship isn't a glorious culture?
you know they don't pay for the pizza right? that's the point
/b/ era anonymous use to do good. you know in between ex-gf nude threads, loli threads, and cp. but they also trolled scientology and ddossed a site so thats cool, i guess?
that seems natural, to have infiltrators in the gov. jesus, man.
how that doesnt constitute conspiracy to kidnap and enslavement is just beyond me.
as a former pizza guy, that store was probably out of dough for a day or two and pissed about it.
these fuckers put me through hell a couple years ago when i made several suggestions online about where their money goes...they have a new mega-center in israel. they nearly ruined my life, had me put away somewhere presumably until i died but luckily i escaped. they will harass you online and once it begins it's a nightmare. i'm still scared because there's a big org less than a mile from my house.
so is this like a once-a-year re-post? is there a list i can get on to get a turn for this free karma next year?
i'd dig it if they could release trump's tax return
the operation was a massive success, significantly impairing their ability to receive legitimate faxes for several days.
every bad press event. it is called the streisand effect, where asking people to not talk about something makes people want to talk about it.
all it would take is for one person to step forward and claim they were coerced, no? how can the system allow for such a blind spot?
really? you can't order a pizza and pay with cash at your door? that kind of sucks.
undermining a local government is not a minor threat, as that gives (the ideologues) an official, state-sanctioned proxy arm to seriously fuck with anyone in that municipality who disagrees with them... it gives them a real court system- with full force of law- to fuck with **anyone, anywhere** who disagrees with them if they can articulate jurisdiction and haul it into that venue. the perversion of government by ideological operatives is incredibly dangerous, since it gives ideologues control over the mechanisms of government that exist with the idea that exactly those people not be in charge of that authority. a lot of special interests realized that getting federal laws passed was too hard, so they'd buy off state senates and have state laws passed to suit their interests, then try cases there, including against people who live in other places. not fun getting a summons notifying you that you're being sued in florida when you live in wyoming.
you're way off base and it's pretty clear you're not familiar with non-profits. 'non-profit' does not mean the organization can't take in more money than they spend. it means they can't pass that 'profit' on to owners, it's supposed to stay in the organization for pursuit of that organization's mission. they don't have to spend a bunch of money just to avoid a 'profit'. additionally, as far as i'm aware the church of scientology qualifies as a religion. most of their money comes from donations/dues, right?
yeah i bet they have their a+ game around the hollywood offices. fucking vultures. we've got enough religions. at least the others can claim a heritage and culture and not the ravings of a bad sci fi writer.
bit harsh on the poor pizza delivery guys. bet they converted the lot.
i find it astounding that people still have fax machines, too
ex mormon here, i never felt that way tbh. think it depends on local culture.
ugh - someone try and touch me is going to have a hard time walking afterwards. that's gross.
the ink was supposed to run out but instead lasted 8 days printing black pages.
the stories from what happens in their buildings are insane, crazy to think that it's done in the us.
are those street names real? "very very" right next to "unemployed"...
maxim #29: "the enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. no more, no less."
have anonymous actually done anything useful or do they just make edgy videos still?
didn't the city recently buy up some property so the cos wouldn't get their hands on it? we used to vacation in clearwater and my dad lives there now. i love the city and i'm glad they're actively standing up to scientologists trying to take over.
and it's stupid aren't ppl of color seen as less to them. the founder was racist.
too bad people who do nothing claim to be part of it to sound cool, and anyone who actually does something cool would never say they were part of anonymous because it would diminish their achievements
ah, that's the part i was missing. i don't order pizza a whole lot, but all the places i've ordered from require you to pay in advance.
hellloooo my names nnnniiiiiinnnnnnooooooo (im sorry)
sooo why are their facilities still operational? cults committing felonies should probably not be around
aren't they in hemet, ca? i just drove past it a few weeks ago, and it was pointed out as the headquarters.
surely i'm not the only person who thinks that sending "hundreds of pizzas" isn't so much an aggressive tactic as an invitation to party? is anonymous trying to say that american scientologists are evil, but european scientologists are actually pretty neat fellows who deserve some polite recognition?
there really isn't an anonymous group. whenever a group gets together they can decide to use the name anonymous. the whole thing is that it's not an actual group, but an idea, or movement, the whole "you can't kill an idea." stuff.
anonymous attacking scientology in defense of gawker. freedom of speech makes strange allies
i could be wrong, but i haven't seen any outrage about far cry 5. i don't think anyone aligns themselves with the people in that game.
i'm a member of anonymous. i quit anonymous. that was fun.
they force people to confess that they're undergoing the kidnapping and near slavery voluntarily therefore the church cannot get in legal trouble.
if they come at you again online, screenshot it and post to a heavily trafficked sub. i bet you get thousands of people that would help you, some of which actually would know how.
probably similar to the prosperity gospel stuff they pull in some mega churches. in my home state of ga there is a man, creflo dollar, who heads a mega church in college park. in 2014 they estimated ~39% of the population lived in poverty. that didn't stop creflo from asking his congregation to pay for his 60 million dollar gulfstream jet. he was asking his followers to donate $300 or more so he could own a new jet. some people are really shitty.
here hold these magic nunchucks and let me give you a pop quiz
oh god that's hilarious. rocking chair and quikstop, i can understand those, somewhat. but very very and unemployed, those are head scratchers.
the truly ironic thing is that none of alanis' examples are actually ironic. the song, itself, provides the irony. it's brilliant, if you stop to think about it.
they could be the gen ix remakes of pokemon black and white.
the enemy of my enemy dies next. in the mean time they might be useful.
when my mother worked at nasa in the 80's someone got the idea that they could send spam with fax machines and they started spamming hers and other folks offices. the faxes of the day rolled the pages through. the nasa engineers took black paper, taped a few together into a loop and would just fax away. iirc faxes used a special paper back then that was fairly expensive, or it may have been the ink. they stopped receiving spam faxes pretty shortly thereafter.
like most other scientology"orgs", sf valley is a ghost town every day. they've sunk millions into empty buildings. they've made some small inroads with the (also swiftly shrinking) 'nation of islam', but their penetration into latin demographics is astoundingly slow compared to islam, mormonism, or smaller nrms. the "church"is on its last legs for membership. we're already on the downslope of it's inevitable crash. since they've built up a lot of capital, the rtc leadership will likely continue to exist for a few decades, but membership is already much smaller than they advertise.
you'd find astounding that hubbard mandated everything done by telex. so they *still* use telex
and the prequels will always exist. the christmas special cannot be undone. they will never go away.
from what i've heard from people wayyyyy more interested in cs than i, this is unlikely.
sorry brian but you know the rules. those pizzas come out of your wage.
they either have their multi-lingual members work the hollywood branch, or they just train their hollywood branch staffers to speak multiple languages. i was there recently, and had a guy speak to me in perfect hebrew. i jokingly told him something to the effect of "oh wow, you must speak every language" to which he replied (seriously) "nah, i only know nine, but i'm working on another two".
i wish there was something i could do like this with my local scientology church. they are offering free personality and stress tests and keep trying to me to take them and i have to walk past them multiple times a day for work. they know who i am and smile as they offer me it and once a dude put his arm round my shoulder to usher me in. no thank you.
also, on big orders, they would generally require payment in advance.
the internet has completely destroyed my ability to distinguish satire
oh my, i used to live in tampa; i had to go through clearwater on a near daily basis. i can confirm that there are scientologists *everywhere*. i honestly felt uncomfortable; i started feeling uncomfortable going to the beach 'cause of that.
just to clarify, the reason they have so many empty buildings is because non-profits -- as their name suggests -- are not allowed to make significant profits. they buy empty buildings as a way to get around this requirement and retain their wealth. they never have any plans for most of them beyond that.
and people are mad that far cry 5 is about killing religious nuts, because "that doesn't happen in the usa at all". it's truly freaky that an organisation like that can find enough roots to plant its tree.
just tape a bunch of pages together and watch them go around in a loop on the fax machine. roflmao
i remember a quote about anonymous in my local newspaper: "anyone can become a member of anonymous just by saying they are" says the ex anonymous member henry."
the mayor went to one of their events? not surprising, but kinda still surprising. how do people in la in general feel toward the cos?
then what if they miss that deal to fly to hawaii for $99?
wait wait, he *told* them that he wanted the money to buy himself a new jet?!
sorry we're closed, we sent out brian with 340 pizzas and he's not going to get back until sunday night.
unfortunately, the church of scientology is very real
hard to report people working on visas to immigration
unfortunately they're sitting on millions in property alone. possibly billions in total. it's going to be a slow burn.
funny story. back in the day my grandpa owned an almond orchard and lived in northern california. big migrant worker county. he had mexican workers for him every summer and he was of the opinion that to speak spanish all you had to do was put an "a" or "o" at the end of english words. to pull down almonds the method was to shake trees and branches with ropes, hit branches with sticks, etc. he would tell them to "pull down the ropa! get the ropa!" but he didn't know he was telling them to get the clothes out of the trees and they were very confused.
they'll bury their head in the sand or tell you that he's the president so he can share what he wants.
isn't that what we thought after nixon? i quoted obama's faith in the american people during the last election. now i'm quoting george carlin (originally h.l. mencken, thanks everyone), that no one has ever gone broke betting against the intelligence of the american people.
 as much as i want him to be impeached, i see comments like this every day to the point that i just can't get my hopes up anymore. i hope to high hell that one day i'm proven wrong.
the *washington post* newsroom is filled with patriots. the trump white house is not.
legally he's in the clear for this, and that's the argument trump supporters are going to stick with. would they say that if hillary had done this? oh fuck no, they'd be shitting themselves.
fucking hell, there really is a tweet for everything.
does no one ever learn? you cannot win a land war in asia, and you cannot win a trade war with canada!
"dangerously insane man acts dangerously insane. people shocked."
trump has ruined being a republican honestly. neutral, voting whomever is better each election has been fantastic so far for me. to be fair, has been all dems and libs so far for me.
buzzfeed's serious news has been good for a long time, the clickbait shit is basically designed to fund the reporting
seriously. have you read buzzfeed news recently? it's... weirdly respectable and competent.
the washington post and pbs have always done a good job. cnn has really stepped up its game (literally from *not being journalism at all* a year ago to having a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed). since the election, i've had ample reason to be angry at the nyt. i actually am more pleased with the wsj's journalism right now.
yea, i'm gonna go ahead and need every republican congressman to watch replays of them bitching and moaning over the dangers of hillary's emails, then go ahead and have them explain why this shit is ok.
he's literally using being the president of the united states to *look* powerful. because that's who he is, and who he's always been: obsessed with looking rich, with not just being successful but being *seen* as successful, and then, after going bankrupt, with being seen as the greatest businessman ever in the make-believe world of reality tv. he has no concept of using power for good, or even using power for anything other than making sure other people know he has power. that's the actual, real president of the united states; a guy who leaks secrets because they're worthless to him. because even when he has something as valuable as classified information, it doesn't matter to him unless other people know he has it.
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "nothing"
we don't want a trade war! just stop being all crazy!
anyone wondering if the tass photog was in the room for this portion?
this getting out *is* the ic revolt. it had to come from the people at the cia and nsa doing damage control.
i keep hearing "politics as usual" from people. it drives me nuts, i'm as jaded and cynical as the next person, but i know this shit is pretty unprecedented. or at the very least it's unprecedented that they blundered so fucking bad that they're getting caught red-handed.
this news on friday: wow and we thought monday was crazy!
from reading the article it appears he mentioned all this just to brag about what kind of great intel he gets. he may have ruined our relationship with key middle east allies just to look cool. i'm honestly not sure which is scarier. if he did it on purpose or just to show off.
the world is playing chess while donnie has connect 4.
i never got the, 'let's wait him out and pass what we can in the meantime' mentality the gop seems to have. it's like they could not give any type of shit about our national security. shit could go way wrong real fast, the type of shit that won't only effect the poor or brown people either. the type of bad shit that hurts people indiscriminately.
a blue tidal wave in 2018. that is what it will take.
with a side of "fake news anonymous sources wapo is lamestream liberal media and also the real story here is how did this leak?"
i have never met someone so deeply disturbed into inaction as mccain.
friday news in this administration has been pretty exciting in the sense that nuclear war would be exciting in a certain light.
it's a national security issue. he quite possibly just got our intelligence community cut off from our allies in sharing information.
and the russians are like "i don't believe you. why don't you tell us?"
by far the funniest thing snl has had in months.. and of course it's completely fucking true
is this it? did we get him? oh right, nothing matters anymore.
well, they were already cutting trump's admin off from info, or at least thinking about it...this just confirms that they should. jesus.
can you guys please invade... like seriously, i'll even start liking hockey
~~newton's third law: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.~~ trump's first law: for every action, statement, or tweet, there is an equal and opposite tweet.
they have proof.... and they are exercising more restrain about keeping the details secret than our own president...
president* trump has gone ~~1~~ 0 days without committing an impeachable offense.
up north. not much we can do outside our milk embargo for now, but we all wish you the best of luck. america is a lovely country.
i continue to wonder why the gop risk their careers for this clown when pence would sign every shit bill they lay on his desk.
step 1: get democrats elected to congress. step 2: impeach. can't do step 2 without step 1. mcconnell and ryan have made that perfectly clear. at best, about 30 gop reps would need to go along with the house dems to bring a motion to the floor to do anything. and that's as likely as seeing 3 gop senators vote to make schumer the senate leader.
if mcmaster is covering for trump it is hugely disappointing.
i am a life long republican. i decided about 50 days ago to change parties. i have totally had it with the republican party. i did not vote for trump. he is a dangerous person that is doing this country deep harm. someone needs to do something before he does irreversible harm. and the party is just letting this all happen. it is a disgrace and completely shameful.
probably more like this: trump: "i get great intel." kislyak: "psshh. that's not what obama said, he said you have tiny hands and your intel sucks." trump: "what?! i've got the best intel, believe me. i just can't reveal--" kislyak: "yeah obama said you'd say that. he said you're a little pussy that acts like he has good intel." trump: "that motherfucker!" *proceeds to reveal classified information*
this motherfucker could steal the krabby patty formula and actually get away with it.
i think this might just make the war hawks flip their shit.
don't worry, he's going after canada on softwood, a battle america has lost over and over. but russia is a true friend!
i'd bet you are right on the second guess. he just wants to be loved so much that he would give away the nuclear codes if he got a pat on the back and a "good boy".
reading that trump nuked north korean would actually surprise me **less** at this point.
and you know what? trump will continue to get intelligence reports for the rest of his life as all former presidents do. **he could keep doing this shit for the next 10-15 years if he should live so long.**
i honestly don't know what the tipping point is anymore. he fires comey, then meets with the russians in the oval office, at the request of putin, with one of the guys at the fucking center of the investigation. then trump admits he fired comey regardless of whatever the recommendation from the deputy ag/ag were (not counting that sessions recused himself) because he wanted the investigation into russia to stop. he then threatens comey about "tapes", and now it comes out that he leaked classified info to the fucking russians that we don't share with our allies. what. the. fuck. what else has to happen for the republicans to act?
trump is definitive proof that the government is not involved with bigfoot, ufos, time travel, killing jfk or 9/11. otherwise he'd tell all of us the first chance he got.
hopefully this forces the intelligence agencies into rapid action to get trump the fuck out of the oval office. if they know that the global network of information sharing that they've been developing for the last century is at risk they might look to speed things up a bit.
liberals are finally waking up to what conservatives have known for years; no amount of good argumentation matters if you don't have political power. there's no beautifully written and logically sound essay that's going to take down trump. if you don't vote in every election from dog-catcher to senator, nothing you retweet matters. if he openly and flagrantly breaks the law, but republicans still control all the apparatus it would take to remove him, it doesn't matter. there's nothing he can say, nothing he can do, nothing the damn russia investigation could turn up that will remove him. it takes political power.
wow. i know it isn't illegal, per se, since he as president has the final say on classificiation, but this is huge. i'd give 50/50 odds that this was intentional vs. him being so fucking thick and vain that lavrov charmed it out of him, too.
i imagine lewis black will have decent material soon.
it was a liberal baby with pre-existing conditions.
anxiously awaiting the inevitable "failing washington post" tweet from trump any minute now.
thomas paine was an incredible american. died shunned because he was way before his time in his confrontation with religion.
spicer could quit anytime he wants, and no reasonable person would blame him. every time he steps up to the podium, he's choosing to do this to himself.
john mccain's actions as of lately i haven't been impressed with. though many people forget how much of a hero he is for having gone through this hardship. i really hope he acts responsibly with his reaction to this news.
he'd probably get impeached. but i am dead certain that unless it was an innocent (white) baby on its way back from baptism, a solid ~20% of voters would start making excuses for him.
there's this weird attempt to separate islam from christianity by claiming that even though they're both the god of abraham that islam was actually coopted by a mother religion that worshiped the moon, and that's why they use the crescent moon iconography
this is insanity. not only does he have no clue how bad the russia thing is, he thought it was no big deal just to blab state secrets to a foreign ambassador. i don't know what the technical definition of treason is but this bullshit is more than enough for my standard.
i know you were being sarcastic, but clinton didn't even share classified info. people discussed things that were retroactively labeled classified, but there's no evidence that any of it was hacked or shared with people who weren't supposed to have access to it.
russia is the ally. (in trump's world). our real allies are now second class friends.
thanks. those two statements are clearly irreconcilable. if the unredacted transcript is not published then you know which one is true.
the thing is, there isn't (yet) any indication that this was done *on purpose*. which makes it all the more breath-taking. how on earth can this man be entrusted with our national security if he makes these gob-smackingly amateurish mistakes?
my guess is that buzzfeed news is full of young reporters who are hungry and have nothing to lose. big firms may be still playing the "access journalism" game and don't push too hard.
trump's logic: "you know what i should do to make me look more innocent during a fbi investigation? give classified information to russia"
i could break my own legs with a baseball bat if i want, that doesn't mean it's a good idea.
i doubt it. this is probably a "big move" that they will praise him for
man, trump might be a total disaster and we now probably have a schism where 30% of our country is basically impossible to politically reintegrate into our national fabric, but the one silver lining here is that journalism has stepped up its game 200 fold from just 2 years ago.
well ya see, hillary didn't mean to share classified info but she did, which reveals incompetence. trump *meant* to share classified info, which shows real boldness. /s
seriously. can you imagine if obama did this? or if hillary got elected and immediately leaked information to the russians? they would have been impeached within 24 hours. but republicans don't have standards i guess.
us politics have entered a new chapter in the past year or so that could be titled: **nothing matters anymore**. like you said, trump fires comey, meets with the russians, etc. he brags about sexual assault and his penis size, breaks every rule in the book of presidential campaigns, refuses to disclose his tax returns, and thousands of other things i won't bother with, and he still gets away with it. he has yet to receive punishment. decency? honesty? the constitution? nothing matters anymore. us politics has become *trivial*, a game of pure partisan savagery where scoring points for your team and bending the rules to your benefits are all that matters. the greater good? forget about it. politics has become the hunger games.
no way - he pissed off a gypsy and no matter where he falls asleep he wakes up in virginia 30 minutes before a briefing.
way worse. he just compromised an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation. voluntarily.
i'm not an expert, but this seems to be worse than having an email server that nobody ever appears to have hacked, right?
lifelong liberal here, but i have lots of family that i always considered to be thoughtful, responsible republicans. we could actually have civil discussions and disagreements. i miss republicans like that, and sincerely believe that our democracy is strengthened when there are different viewpoints that have to be sorted out via our electoral process. but the current incarnation of the republican party is just surreal to me. they seem rabidly hateful, dishonest, irrational, fanatic...all really terrifying qualities. i honestly can't understand why or how they got to this place and why they'd allow someone like trump to represent their principles and collective voice. it's caused me to lose a lot of faith in many of my fellow americans. your post cheered me up a tiny bit. best wishes to you
they use their click bait bullshit to pull in money to pay for their news arm they poach serious journalist to build credibility.
un-fucking-real. when are his supporters going to drop this 4d chess bullshit? it sounds like he can't even read... "u.s. officials said that the national security council continues to prepare multi-page briefings for trump to guide him through conversations with foreign leaders but that he has insisted that the guidance be distilled to a single page of bullet points, and often ignores those." really?
it will take a few hours for them to circle the wagons. my prediction is something along the lines of, "the president determines what information is classified, and is allowed to share information with other countries as he sees fit."
what else would you expect from a guy who thinks the human body is like a battery with a finite amount of energy, and when you work out, you are using up that energy and causing yourself to die early.
we are losing the faith of our allies by the hour. hopefully the intelligence community revolts from within.
and he didn't even need to be tortured! fun fact: john mccain is incapable of raising his arms above his head because of the brutal torture he received as a pow. they broke both his arms and didn't set them right.
yes, let's hang up on the pm of australia and refuse to shake merkel's hand, but cozy up to turkey, egypt, and the philippines. i don't want my country's foreign policy dictated by a man who has a hard-on for authoritarians.
a warning issued for saying he disagrees? this is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears, and going "la, la, i'm not listening!"
no need to wait on "soon." i saw lewis black live last month. he's already amassed a treasure trove of material from this shit. i laughed. i cried. i left more disgruntled than ever. good times.
trump *can* declassify anything he wants. it's just the context here makes him **extremely fucking incompetent**.
but every trump supporter will still say "but where's the proof?"
it's really sad that a newspaper has higher respect for classified information than our president does.
we will be fine. this isn't russia, the stakeholders in government won't be murdered. the arms of the government are dealing with this, and while it's going slower than any of us would like, it's actually moving very rapidly. he will destroy himself and the gop is going to get annihilated for years to come over this.
so let me get this right. putin made a special request that trump meet the ambassador, and trump complied. all us media was shut out, but russian media was allowed. and he gave them classified information. ... *sigh*
trump could literally be caught taking a wad of cash from putin in exchange for policy decisions and republicans in congress won't see "reason to investigate." they're all corrupt; they're all craven. vote them out.
the only way to get him to do something is to insist it's the opposite of what obama would do. someone telling him that "obama would be tweeting about this nonstop" would mean a quiet 45. except when it comes to golfing, i guess. seems 45 was just jealous of obama's golf trips and decided that he had to golf ten times harder just to prove superiority.
"a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed" what a world we live in.
yep. he's the only guy in the world who becomes president of the fucking united states of america and is still so insecure he has to brag about the perks of the job.
did..did his advisors and lawyers get him to shut the fuck up and not draw attention to a forthcoming wapo piece?
his approval rating with the republican base has to get so catastrophically low enough that cooperating with him hurts their chances of passing their agenda of tax cuts for the wealthy and eliminating social programs and the epa. it's still in the upper 80s. even when nixon resigned (under pressure by a democratic congress) his approval rating among republicans was still ~55.
the democrats need to come out and say that they are basically going to keep a list of every single piece of legislation that the gop passed before they decided to turn on trump, and that when the democrats retake control of congress and the white house, they are going to repeal every single last piece of legislation the gop passed.
same here. i was hoping to quit this addiction after hillary wins election and life goes to normal. several treasons later i'm still here
this news in 1997: holy shit! this news in 2002: world war is coming. this news in 2012: potus is killing america. this news in 2017: i guess it's monday.
despite the bunch of comments below saying they don't like trudeau. i think he's already done a lot of good things and overall like the way he's taking our country. i didn't vote for him, and he's made some decisions i disagree with but i think he's doing a really good job compared to either of the alternatives at the moment. if there were another election today, trudeau would probably win again.
he had been awfully quiet given the ongoing bad headlines. i was expecting daily tweetstorms. wonder if this was why spicey was so subdued today.
yeah. right before the end of humanity they put on a nice flourish!
well put. this was probably israel or jordan, but at this point, who on earth would share sources/methods with us intelligence, knowing trump might compromise them.
guys, help. i'm full-on addicted to american politics and i'm not even from your country. wapo might as well be crack with a subscription service.
people were saying this shit during the campaign. that he's totally unstable and cannot be trusted with information like that. but whatever, emails, i guess.
"allowed" starts to lose it's meaning when talking about clandestine foreign affairs of sovereign countries. allowed or not, however, there will certainly be consequences to the united states for doing this.
i'm a canadian living here. it's... quite the experience. i feel like i'm on a plane slowly divebombing into the ocean and i'm looking at my passport like it's a goddamn eject seat going "now? do i wait? how late is too late before i get the fuck out?"
i wonder what carlin would say if he were still around to witness all this. i know that it would be hysterical, if nothing else.
and here's the kicker; it was entirely unprompted. lavrov was probably standing there, mouth agape, at what this blithering idiot offered up totally on his own.
if this is true and not mischaracterized. lets be real. any trump supporter that is not saying "lock him up" - cares more about their party winning than the country.
i don't know where you're from but help us, please.
i actually don't know what it's gonna take anymore.
my favorite from the soccer sketch is: "that man's nose must be *absolutely* devastated! it's gonna look like a witch that flew her broom into her nose and then crashed into a hammer!"
i swear the commentators make these sketches so much funnier. the soccer one is great too.
to be honest, i'll keep the snail locked up but accessible if i want it. what if i ever get bored of living? i need a way out.
this is what i thought as well. this isn't a downer ending, the entire film is a fricking downer
i'm sorry but garlic and onions are *not* fucking "optional".
i got fired from my families nathans for telling an old lady i'd punch her in the face if she spit at me. we rented space at a wal-mart and the district manager heard the half of the conversation where i threatened an old lady. he called my dad who owned it and told him his half of the story and that they needed to fire that employee or they'd break the lease. that was a bad day.
there's this scene in hot fuzz where someone slips and falls with his chin on a miniature church. when grosses out by the scene, my father casually mentioned he once saw his neighbour slip and fell with her chin on one of these iron fences.
the thing is, you've probably seen a hundred videos of dancers who are a lot more skilled. dancers doing utterly baffling moves. but none of them has the style of mj. he was magical.
yeah man, surviving heat death is a major problem. as smart as that presumably malevolent snail is, it can't communicate. having it tossed into a reasonably sized metal ball that you secretly keep with you at all times means it isn't likely to be opened without your consent. since it's with you, you don't risk losing it and accidentally surviving eternity. dying early because the snail found a way out sucks, sure, but floating in space alone sucks way more.
i thought that was the point of slice-of-life anime.
"he's like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot." is my personal favourite.
i worked at a grocery store when i was young and heard something very similar. guy behind be customer service counter yelled "i don't make enough to keep me on this side of the counter!" at this super bitchy woman, things got very heated after that. lots of yelling back and forth while the whole store just stopped and watched.
on top of that, if the snail is so smart, why can't it be reasoned with? it is sentient after all, and i'm sure the snail doesn't want to be thrown into a black hole...
ok jesus christ, even after knowing how it's done from the op, i still can't read his feet movements. i believe he was magical... period...
right? also, i could totally see that getting made into a movie, that is crazy that he found her again.
i swear i had a guy imitating him at work the other day. i went up to a table and asked for their order and he asked for ribs. i asked what kind of potato he wanted and he goes "potato?" so i explain (because a lot of people don't know the ribs come with a potato) and he's still confused so i say "you know... baked, fries, or even rice." and that's when the realization hits.
i have blueberry, raspberry, ginseng, sleepy time, green tea, green tea with lemon, green tea with lemon and honey, liver disaster, ginger with honey, ginger without honey, vanilla almond, white truffel, blueberry chamomile, vanilla walnut, constant comment and earl grey. ... i'll just make some sleepy time
sounds like what he needed was to gtfo the town he was in.
i am not familiar with us laws, but how would a pre-nup work in this case? could he have protected most of his assets?
yea but they couldn't give it pants? they had to go all check out my cup of balls and this cup of noodles.
why do they all go to pay.reddit? what is pay.reddit?
my neighbor won 18 million. he was older, and his wife had died years previously. he was a very low key millionaire. he lived in a modest, unkempt house. the only thing i saw him buy was a new truck. he was lonely, and married a waitress at his favorite diner. soon after she filed for divorce to get half of his money. he was tied up in courts for years. i moved not long after, so am not sure what the outcome was. i felt bad for the guy.
was this real? surely it can't be, you have to specifically choose a picture which it then shows you before you upload no? please let this be real :')
hey! thank you for thinking enough of this to pull it out and show people. you've put a smile on my face and a spring in my step.
fuck man that's crazy. i never imagined winning the lottery was like that.
japanese mma fighter doing a pose during one of the fight press conferences before the actual fight. cup o noodles man, a brand by nissin, is paying the mma for advertising space.
i was waiting for it to freeze, turn black and white, and the text "dog running on lake productions" to appear.
probably. he was older, and naive. he was lonely and thought she loved him. i'm not sure if the courts sided with him or not. either way, it sucks to have someone you love divorce you for your money, and tie you up in court so you can't enjoy the money/time you have left.
no kidding. a 3 bed 1 bath one story "fixer upper" (read: no one is looking at the structure because it's being torn down the day the place sells) goes for 2 million on my street
i live in nyc. im just going to ride the bus looking for situations like this everyday now.
this may be the best financial advice for when you accidentally gain a large amount of money.
that's a very cool story! are you still in contact with the girl?
i can't find it but it was an askreddit question about which actor/actress were secretly gay. all answers were *tom cruise*.
i used to do this as a bouncer all the time. it's so easy. "you wanna go? let's take it outside!" i raise my hand in an "after you" type motion, they walk outside and i pull the door shut and latch it. they'd go ape shit, but they'd do it outside while i smiled a big cheesy grin. it seriously even worked right after you were just trying to get them to leave. "you need to leave." "i'm not leaving. make me." "go outside." "fuck you, i can take you." "you wanna go? ok, let's go. outside." "alright!" they walk outside. i shut the door and latch it. it was so easy to sucker these meatheads. i was always amazed that what i was saying would barely change. i'd say "go outside" and they'd say "no". but if i offered to fight them then said "go outside" they totally would. i wasn't even saying "let's fight", i was saying "you wanna go?" and they heard what they wanted to. suckers.
not gonna lie, this helped me explain why i fell for so many of my female friends, even if it's just for a little bit. spot on.
one is the loneliest number! two tickets to paradise! three times the ladies! *fooooooooo*rever young!
can confirm all about whittaker. source: was my neighbor.
if i had anxiety issues i'm pretty sure some of those would give me a panic attack.
yeah, i find that as i become more familiar with any particular girl i just generally find them more attractive over time, even if upon first meeting them i may have thought otherwise.
it would be very easy to determine if it is a decoy snail or not. just walk around it. if it continues to follow you (like it is required to at all times), then you know it is the real snail. if it doesn't then its just a normal snail.
what if the real snail paid the decoy to follow him around?
wait a second... this isn't funny or nsfw but i like it
every so often, i'll wake up with a few dozen notifications and have that, "what did i post before sleeping?!" moment. always nice to see that it's the ulysses bucket list spreading!
i remember that. starts off as a cool guide to making a giant chocolate egg, ends with "i don't know wtf i'm doing."
the idea that he has a bottle of water and a seat is the most amazing thing about this video.
floating in space alone for eternity. not like end of the universe eternity but even when space and time are no longer things you would still be there. where there is i have no idea but that sounds absolutely horrifying. i think i'd keep the snail in an accessible location, absurdly secured but still accessible for when the universe becomes so inhospitable i will want to leave it.
so you're saying use the dog method of "wanna go outside?" to stop meatheads
you know what makes me sad. everyone kept coming up with ways to box the snail in or kill it or trap it. it never says the snail has to kill you, and if it's super intelligent enough to understand me, then i'd sit down at a safe distance with the snail, talk to it and let it know that while i could be an asshole and box it up, i'd rather spend my money investing in giving it the best snail life possible. i mean, it wouldn't even cost that much. snail is happy, i'm happy.
one of those "came here for the funny porn but learned how to make stir fry" kinda threads.
thank you for showing this to me. i had to share this with my so. she's always dwelling on the fact that i wasn't in love with her from the first day we met. i want to remind her that even though the love wasn't immediate, it is eternal.
i am just sharing stuff i found on reddit. i take no credit for writing the comment or the question. the guy that wrote it got 74 months of gold for it so he still has a few years left from just that comment alone, not counting if he got gold from any other comment since then.
eh, it used to be the secure version of reddit when reddit was not https and i just copied these links from an old post.
and i still wonder why they thought it was a good idea to play with a dildo in a playground.
can't wait to upvote this 17 different times later this week.
the mirrored text brought this to a different level.
what. didnt this have like 19000 upvotes? how come its at 7000 now?
leaking? we humans do not leak with our fleshy, organic coating containing any necessary fluids.
as much as i hate him, u/gallowboob is one of the more healthy karma whores for the site. he produces oc.
i like reposts. it's sometimes fun to see a raccoon lose his cotton candy or a kangaroo get punched by an aussie or a comic of a dog finding out he's a good boy.
hey pp, so how does it feel to have the number 1 post on reddit ever? you should do an ama.
stupid question: how are people making the captions float with the movement in the frame? is it a plugin for after effects or something?
it says, "we gotta make him a real redditor!" for anyone wondering.
what's with the 4,000 downvotes in the last few hours
saw this at 20,000 upvotes and now it's at 9,000 :( does anyone know where it peaked?
he's now employed by unilad, which is a company (?) that (mostly) steals reddit content and reposts to facebook. makes perfect sense, really.
i need a ... *god-damn* ... jan michael vincent over here!
there's only enough time for a jan michael vincent to make it to.. a quadrant. he can't be in two quadrants at once.
i was here. and i will be the last one the ever comment on this post!
this is like the 5th post i've seen in a week over 10k. reddit is either bigger than ever, or hive-mindier than ever. or, more likely, both. oh, and don't get me wrong, this is a great post; i upvoted too.
iirc from the comics, its a new groot but he retains all his memories from past groots.
reposts help people who missed the content the first time get a chance to see it. what we need are reposts that give credit to the original posts. give credit where credit is due.
doesn't that mean he might have clones everywhere and not know it?
i'll never be able to see what it is because it never loads for me.
one of the highest i've seen in my 9yrs of redditing. also, what am i doing with my life.
so this wins right? this gif just won reddit. all of it.
this post was well over 10000 upvotes and now it's 5000, so who are the children that downvote? honestly i'm surprised people defend themselves as being reposters this way
great job, op. i can't wait to see how may reposts this gets with your watermark.
in the comics, it's the former. he can regrow from a single twig, and from context (conversations with rocket, mainly) it seems like he maintains all of his former memories when he does this.
someone said it is an algorithm to drop old content off of popular sub
iirc, in the comics, he's basically able to regenerate from a single twig, so it'd be the same one. however in the comics the process is only supposed to take a few hours or so, and it appears to be taking substantially longer in the movie-verse, so it might be more of a sapling sort of situation.
i'm still a bit confused, is baby groot the same groot but a new spawn? or did the og groot die and this is sapling is sort of his son?
water/flying (or did you leave out the /s i honestly dont know)
well that depends. who are you? are you a physical body, a personality and memories, or a combination of both? if you're mind was transferred into a new body would it still be you? i once saw a documentary that dealt with this by robert schneider called "the hot chick." i recommend you check it out. the chick from the notebook is in it.
why are people so hesitant and afraid to give op credit in their reposts anyway? do they think that will reduce their karma somehow?
power points. he can only use fire blast 5 times (or 8 if he used specific drugs)
welp, looks like i found my new series to watch thanks to you two
that's a strange way of doing it when they could just weigh the votes but still keep the "approximately this many people upvoted it" metric somewhat useful.
why does every comment have fucking at least 20 upvotes???
seriously, it's at 19k now?! i'm posting here just to make history.
yeah that's why i'm here lol. wanted to see how high the top post was at now.
i fucking hate karma decay, its a nonsense way of keeping the front page fresh, but if people are still that happy with this post it should not be decayed until people are fucking done with it. doesn't exactly motivate people to contribute to this shit system.
the longer a post is up reddit removes up votes. it's to prevent one post from always being at the top of r/all
eh, do we know for sure that vol 2 takes place more than a few hours after the first one? i haven't seen anything to suggest a significant amount of time has passed.
after reading your comment i watched it like 6 more times and i still don't see it. where is it?
yeah we don't know how long it's been. though i hope they change things for the movie. baby groot is an adorable character, and fans would be bummed if he fully "grew up" pretty early in the film
how'd this go from 22k upvotes down to 15k upvotes??
yeah but 20k? 10k is definitely impressive but 20k is insane.
is reddit where thechive gets its employees as well? content is definitely taken from here.
this has gone from 21000 upvotes, to 17000, now it's at 11000
couldnt remember. thought he was dragon/water due to the fact he looks like the way japanese and other asian cultures detail their dragons as flying snakes
i didn't realize how much i missed groot until now.
dude, you're going to get murdered one of these days. your feel-good story about feeling comfortable there changes nothing. this isn't about prejudice-you have literal crackheads barging into your house. put those bars up or get a gun or something.
i was struggling a few months back with just feeling utterly, cosmically insignificant. i listened to that song on loop for like a week. the lyrics about the rock on top of the mountain and "looking through heaven's eyes" really helped me out. i think i came through the other side quite changed for the positive as a person. :)
anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation. there's not much difference there.
uh, that sounds nice and all, but you sound like a very comedic murder victim.
not sure if you'll read this, but i'm now in the "hood" (though.. it's really not even close to the hood of my city) and i've realized the problems are caused by kids.. not by adults. anyone that's living in their own place or even with roommates has shit to do so they keep to themselves . it's the neighborhood kids with nothing to do out getting into trouble.
i am glad op had such a good experience but much like you, i had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". there was a general rule in the town i lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. they were right. one time i came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. another time, i came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. there were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. when kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. great for op to have had a good experience but i refuse to go through this again so i will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on.
i just spent a year in a bad neighborhood. i am much more frightened now.
it's a numbers game. op just hasn't been there long enough for the shit to hit yet. one night that homeless vagrant wandering into his backyard will be balls deep in a schizo episode with knife in hand. op yelling out will just be a taunt. one night that light above his drive will go out and never be replaced, suddenly making his corner of the street enticing. the 'bad' areas aren't constant doom and gloom, but the doom comes suddenly and without hesitation far more often than it does in the burbs.
it's funny when people think they need to feed cats
this is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. i live cincinnati and just north of downtown in otr is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that i would definitely call safe, but i would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district
dude i live in a big city (~1m people) known for its homeless and very mild weather, and when i'm out running at night and i see anyone who isn't easily identifiable as "not weird", i move to the other side of the street. the fact you're chilling with the homeless is mind boggling to me. like, i don't mean i think it's disgusting, just that i don't think i ever could do it.
sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. that's the difference.
this is a basic, though understandable, misreading of the conservative position. most conservatives won't phrase their position as "fuck the poor." many support private charity initiatives. it's just that (a) they don't trust the government to be the one to help, and (b), they think welfare programs actually trap the poor in a cycle. it's the difference between buying a kid a candy bar and telling him to do some chores for his allowance (of course, this example only works if there are actually chores for him to do).
i think op admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. used to run a pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). when he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him.
this is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs i've heard. desperate people do desperate things. it's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community?
i guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. i'm in a similar situation- i moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! i never have any trouble and i can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. living the dream.
it's not just perspective though, i think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods. op lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. i lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. during those days, anyone who i spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. by the time i moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live. it's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. it's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs.
assuming you are male? wondering if your gf feels any different? when i first moved to la, i lived in a very low income/homeless area. hardly a day went by without being catcalled, followed and talked to wanting my number or money etc., basically i had to be on higher alert of my surroundings at all times. not to mention the van i drove at the time was broken into countless times and was stripped to almost bare bones inside. i now have a spouse (also female) and a kid and need to move. the only thing in our price range takes us back to these types of areas...maybe i need to find something more 'neighborhood-y'? anyways, just curious on your gf's perspective when she would be out and about on her own.
"fuck you i got mine". a lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way.
we moved back to l.a. four years age, and moved into a "bad" neighborhood, and one that is more ethnically diverse than i had lived in before. in the first two and a half years, we had a home invasion and a drive-by shooting that left a 9mm hole in my neighbor's front window and one in the front door of the building, the door that my family used to go in and out of several times a day. also, i had a lot of my belongings in a storage unit because we were short on space. the unit was broken into and all my things were stolen. a house across the street went up in a huge inferno because the people were living in pack rat conditions. on july 4 the neighborhood is like a war zone because of all the m80s. we saved up and moved to a nice neighborhood that is much less diverse and have been much happier since. i tried to like it but it was horrible. i have nightmares about people breaking into my house now.
some homeless people are ok. my friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. they chose the life they lead. others were probably insane. many homeless are veterans with psychological issues. just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why i would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions.
i totally agree. poverty created by serious drug addictions is a lot different than traditionally poor neighborhoods. in the former situation, people are probably roaming around at 3 am because they are dying of withdrawal symptoms and would do anything just to get the money in your pocket. it's sad, but that puts you in a compromising decision. i know a lot of people who have been robbed because they tried to help with something they just couldn't.
i had a bit of the opposite experience - within a year of moving into a low-income section of a new city, i had my car ransacked, my laundry stolen from my apartment complex, and one of my windows smashed in by an angry homeless man while i was driving my car. i had never known this sense of violation and fear before. i'd like to think that i haven't developed paranoia, just better street smarts. all car valuables are well-hidden. i don't walk alone in certain areas anymore. i've got a gas-cap lock, a home motion detector, and pepper spray. i still believe in the goodness of the human spirit, but i've also learned that desperate circumstances drive people to be awful to each other.
could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? for the homeless or the homeowners? legal action like... foreclosure? divorce?
real talk, op doesn't live in the ghetto. listening to the media talk about ferguson, mo like it was compton was infuriating. if you think ferguson is ghetto than martin luther king and north garrison will make your hair stand up.
where i grew up the dude coming through the woods would rob you and the stray cat would have been killed either with boiling water or a pit bull.
i just read through all of this, an i can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome guys.
i found a genuine smile to be one of the most disarming things in the ghetto. as a white guy with an angry face, everyone always expected the worst from me. but if i flash a shit eating grin, i can get most people to smile. that said i also had the fun of moving into an area where i was the white guy who lived in the area. i don't think there was another white person for blocks. but the worst i would ever get is glared at, and only when i was out with my (black) wife. a lot of older black guys still have a real problem with interracial relationships, which was something i didn't realize before hand
i've lived in lower class neighborhoods my whole life. i've recently started a new job and moved to a middle-class suburb, and it's so much nicer here. no more being woken up at 3am by a gang of rowdy skangers coming home from the pub. no more wondering if i'm going to be mugged while walking through the nacker estate. the overall fitness, hygiene, attractiveness, and manners of everyone here is so much higher.
of course the locals aren't robbing/murdering you. you ever heard of the phrase "don't shit on your own doorstep"?
i fucking love that movie. it has an awesome soundtrack.
there is a lyric from the prince of egypt movie (wait wait...stay with me) that goes "when all you've got is nothing g,there's a lot to go around." i've always liked that lyric and i feel it is more or less true. there is a stark difference when hanging out with a bunch of "lower class" people vs. "upper class". it's so prevalent that there are plenty of hollywood movies that touch on this very idea.
that's awesome. that's what we're hoping for. right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. thankfully she doesn't even surgery. it's been as mild as i could have hoped for.
don't know about you, but every poor person i've ever met was poor.
a homeless person didn't "show up at his back door", they were walking through the woods.
honestly the difference between a "good neighborhood" and a "bad neighborhood" is less to do with income and more to do with how vigilant and willing people are when it comes to assisting catching lawbreakers. the neighborhoods people don't mind shooting people in broad daylight, they know they can do so with impunity because snitches get stitches in that area.
they're not puppies. if he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it.
homeless people showing up at my back door at 3am is exactly what i'd refer to as "the bad part of town".
a lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. it gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. i have been mistaken for indian, hispanic, and black, so i frequently feel the side eye.
as someone who adopted oakland as her home...nah, it's amazing here. i wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world. it's amazingly diverse, everyone smokes weed, and there's so much culture and creativity. also, not all parts of oakland are "bad". it is gentrifying rapidly, which is certainly cause for concern, but i absolutely love this city.
same. within 6 months 1. my car was robbed 3 times. 2. my apartment was robbed twice. 3. i had a knife pulled on me. 4. i had a gun pulled on me. 5. people tried to sell me xanax, dope, coke, crack, meth (outside my house) that being said, i still couldn't really give a fuck about any of it. i've got no problem going back to that area because i refuse to let the actions of a few garbage human beings control my life
but it's also true. there's loads of mean rich people, the same way there are rich poor people. i think it comes down to changing your personal circle, becoming someone else to only "better" yourself so that a circle of peers that you deem better than the one you are currently in accepts you. be it money or social status, some people are assholes, and will put others down to get ahead of other people.
i really hope there is some getting used to it. i'v been living in a predominantly upscale suburb for most of my upbringing and now i live in santa ana, ca. the local people seem to be okay but most most wear a mean mug, resting bitch face or stare me down as i smile at them. hopefully i'll get used to it, today is only day 4.
money won't make you happy but a lack of it will really suck ass.
ya.... i've lived in bad parts and ok and really good parts. what op describes is the ok parts that might be next to the bad parts. it is good that this is opening them up, but op might not want to look into other bad parts that might be worse :)
lmao holy shit you're crazy. i'd do it with an elevator... not stairs or a ladder.
yeah, all those stories are quite in keeping with the compton stereotypes i've learned via hollywood. i don't think we have it quite that bad in atlanta.
as someone who has been homeless wealthier neighborhoods are far more dangerous and your far more likely to lose your belongings due to legal actions than you are to get them stolen in a poor neighborhood. of course in wealthier neighborhoods the people that get violent tend to feel they are legally justified to do so, but the danger is still greater. the people in poor neighborhoods are far nicer people to each other and the homeless stranger. though i have had to distance myself from a few places due to theft of my bags of aluminum cans and other belongings, not even the druggies are really dangerous. the rare exceptions are easily identified. mexican neighborhoods, in my experience, are the absolute best in every way. even the kids come running over with cold drinks and asking all sorts of kid questions.
i get that you want to show us how the bad neighborhood isn't really that bad but you included a crack head literally forcing your door open and entering your home. whatever his intentions, that ain't normal. the totally innocent "oops, got the wrong house" doesn't include smashing open the door. i know that you and the crack heads are cool. but keep in mind that sometimes you're dealing with the drug, not the person. when drugs and addiction are involved, people do not always behave rationally or predictably. it doesn't make them bad people, of course. but be careful. "you can turn your back on a person. but never turn your back on a drug." - hst.
sometimes poor people are all other poor people got. also, totally dig the username. i just finished the new season myself. awesome.
there's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the us. i was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood i realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. black, hispanic, or indian. and my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. it's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. economic class is everything.
it's just perspective. i moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. in the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. it's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. everyone i talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. i think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. so i wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. though there are certain areas on the outskirts that i wouldn't want to go late at night.
i've always heard about the rough parts in cali like compton, etc, and i have always assumed the stereotypes are true. but i've got a friend who works for google and he's moving out to silicon valley to work for some new startup. made me wonder - are the rough parts of cali really that rough? or are they just poorer and less white than the extremely rich and gentrified surrounding areas? maybe i'd be singing a different tune if the neighborhood i'm living in were actually bad. maybe the residents of the atlanta area don't otherize one another as strictly as other, less integrated cities. people think that the south is full of racist rednecks, but if you're within 30 miles of atlanta then the only n word you hear a white person call someone is "neighbor," for the most part. i went to high school in a suburb of atlanta fifteen plus years ago. it was absolutely not cool to say racist shit. move thirty miles in any direction and racism is just a matter of course.
tree streets, around here. pine, elm, ceder, etc.
my daughter has a very very mild club foot. when she was born it was all twisted and on its side. broke my heart. we're extremely lucky that we have a shriners hospital here in town, not only that but we know a ton of the doctors there. her foot is getting better and on the fast track to being totally normal. however my point is, if you want or need to readjust your perspective go to children's hospital.
i'm not trying to describe the republican party. i'm trying to describe the actions of the elected republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal republican base tends to exhibit.
so, i'm not really living a neighborhood of absolute squalor. many of my neighbors may have subsidized housing and others might depend on social welfare programs. some of my neighbors smoke crack and others deal it on the side. but these aren't people that are on the verge of homelessness. some actually own their units. they might get the power or water cut off every other month, but they aren't about to be on the street. that probably makes all the difference.
is it not a problem that the homeless people keep coming back every night if you help them once? that's what i would find annoying.
so i have club feet, too. i just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. i had surgeries, i had the casts, and i had the special shoes. i barely remember all of that. as an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. heck, i barely remember myself! it only really comes up when i run too far or swim too much. and even then its only pain like what i imagine arthritis is like. heck, i even ran a half marathon! ...thought i'll never do that again!
it's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". i worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. there is constant crime, people are on the community fb page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, i mean it's insane.
i'm so glad you're doing better! i'm not at all a religious person but i have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community.
yup, that's the prejudice you'll likely face. and if you ever complain about being unfairly judged for your family wealth you can expect to hear very little sympathy. this is not fair. you might not ever live a life wherein you need worry about where your next meal is coming from. but wealth brings about all sorts of other problems that your average person never has to deal with, im sure. in the end, we are all just worm food. the struggle to live a good and useful life is not restricted to the non-wealthy.
i grew up in a bad neighborhood. i've always maintained that its not so bad as long as you know how to protect yourself and your things. things like leaving the tv or the radio on when you leave the house, staying alert while walking in the street while no looking scared; makes all the difference. to this day i never have more then 1 headphone in at a time. the worst thing to happen to me was a kid snatched my phone once. i chased him but fucker was fast and i had on heels.
thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. i see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst i think they're up to is smoking weed. that's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. we were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. lucky no one died.
perhaps. my next door neighbor sells weed. a couple weeks ago i answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. i told them they were looking for sha'niece next door. they thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "oh, i wouldn't, why did you even? what? no. don't worry." i replied. then i realized he only said that because i am white. it was the first time i was a victim of prejudice. i was pretty excited. it was just like when i got my first pimple. i was so stoked to oxycute it.
it has always been my assertion it's not a racial prejudice but a cultural prejudice that plagues humanity.
@altxatu: we just found out, around noon today, via sonogram, that our daughter (my first) might have a club foot. i haven't posted to reddit in years. but i'm writing now, with tears in my eyes, to thank you for your little story, lifting our broken hearts. god bless you!
the thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. you get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go.
the opposite was true for me sadly. :( when i moved to the "bad" neighborhood, i got my car broken into twice, my apartment door lock was forced once, and and i got robbed once someone came in through the window, all this in a two year span. i don't know how old you are, but it sounds very young and naive, i'm guessing you are in your 20s. even on the shittiest town on any western country, most of the people are good people. doesn't mean there are risks and dangers associated with living there.
yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. i think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here.
that's humbling to read. now you've got me blushing. what i said is simply the truth - as i see it. and i can easily and honestly reply that there are too few people like you in this world. take a moment to allow yourself to be self-indulgent and explore the truth in that statement and blush too. there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a pat on the back here and there. sometimes it's the only encouragement you'll ever receive to keep you moving forward. be kind to yourself. it sounds simple, but it's not.
regardless, i'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house.
i'm sorry but if there was a murder at a gas station it is dangerous. you should be a bit more careful. it may be fine to help the homeless but on your property at your house you're inviting trouble. you could get robbed or attacked or end up having your place be the new homeless shelter (unless that's what you want). yes, i agree most people who live in low-income housing shouldn't be judged poorly and may be great people. nevertheless, you should never fuck around with your safety, especially when there are murders in the area.
i know! i don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." the fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me.
as someone who has participated in the planning and tactical side of things, they have to have a plan. rushing a building full of civilians and getting in a call of duty style gun battle would make things infinitely worse. people won't just stay down, you'd have gun fire, people running for cover, running right through the line of fire, the gunman just starts blindly firing, things really go south. 3 hours seems forever, when you armchair qb it, but from initial call, to resolution is an acceptable span of time in my mind.
his parents weren't. media likes controversy, don't forget. next week is going to be really shitty for me -.-
the gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. they didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious.
i wonder what the police tactics were on this one? i hear the gunman took hostages and started executing. i'll be so pissed if it's a repeat of columbine where the police waited outside for hours while those kids were getting executed.
i strongly suspect this is an isis-fan terrorism attack. he probably had no actual ties to isis, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy.
i feel bad for all the nice people who get tangled up in this shit.
i would say he wasn't thinking of the other people. he wanted to keep the shooter away from him.
my brother was club hopping and was on his way there but stopped to get some food with friends, he was five minutes away before it happened but decided to go home instead. it's so fucking crazy how close some things are to being completely different, i'm so grateful.
an off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 am. two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff.
obama sounded tired, defeated and almost numb to this type of situation.
thanks. fwiw we do have "newsworthy" megathreads here time to time, hence the specific flair and purple coloring in the header. robin williams passing was our first "breaking news" megathread, with muhammad ali passing being the most recent. there's also a link in the sidebar allowing you to filter only breaking news stories (along with our other flairs like "serious" and "modposts").
as an american who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. i am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in paris.
"hey man, i know this looks bad but you'll be fine. you just gotta keep your head up."
it breaks my heart that pride month will always have this bleak reminder of how much more we have to fight for. this was a vile homophobic act by a maniac. my heart goes out to the families and friends of those who were murdered, and everyone involved. i hope they find peace amongst the pain.
so like a homing beacon of badassitude and honor. for real, whenever shit hits the fan, standing near brown people with cool hats always seems to be the wise choice.
it's now officially the worst shooting in us history. :(
i'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. you see a lot of shit in 8 years as prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck"
russia got a lot of shit for the (likely) carfentanil / remifentanil gas used in the moscow theater hostage crisis of ~~2012~~ 2002. the gas itself was probably responsible for the deaths of many hostages, but a coordinated response team with naltrexone / medics with bag masks, especially in a young, relatively healthy population (not the food / water deprived hostages in the moscow theater), could become a viable strategy, especially if the assumption is going to be that hostages will die anyway.
can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. i mean when i get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that i think it might be. but as president of the united states oh my god could be anything.
i'm not even trying to be insensitive. as a gay man, this is terrifying to me. it's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend.
should we random acts of pizza the blood donation centers?
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. shame.
unfortunately, it's looks like swat waited outside for over 3 hours while he executed everyone inside. they said it was a hostage situation while people inside were sending out texts that he was rounding up and killing everyone.
according to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. i'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence.
i'm sure amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea
how do you claim your isis mega-reward when you're dead?
i assume the families didn't have to pay the tickets right?
the shooting at pulse is devastating. two of my friend's family members were there and thankfully got out (one of them was shot, but will be ok). if you are in the orlando area, please consider donating blood. they are in desperate need of o positive, o negative, and ab plasma blood donors.
mods started nuking everything once fbi confirmed he was muslim.
throwing out the baby with the bathwater. gays, guns, muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm.
well that was officially the most reluctant upvote i've ever given.
we could always order stuff from amazon prime now for them. get them what they need.
the shooter's father has apparently said that he had become angry after seeing two guys kiss in miami. so yeah, seems like he hates gays and this was a hate killing.
this is something i had never even considered and it gives me chills to think about it
my best friend lives right around the corner from pulse and spent the night hiding in her closet because she was hearing gunfire but didn't know where it was coming from or what was going on. i can't even imagine how terrifying it must have been for everyone there.
i feel like there really is no "right" thing to do in that situation, especially given the fact that you would be in save my ass mode. i don't how i feel about it, but i can definately see rationale.
cookies come to mind. and if you're in the area, you can make those! my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this.
seriously, i first saw this on facebook after being on reddit for 30 minutes. that's never happened before.
i'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism.
sadly, we know too well what you're going through.
they weren't at first. the story was on the front page when it started to come out but as soon as they found out who the shooter was they started censoring the hell out of everything.
i live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, i'm glad your friend is safe.
i think i will. prime now can deliver in 2 hours. even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials. this can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly.
i think the team at orlando regional medical center deserve some recognition here. my hat goes off to anyone working there during the time this tragic event was occurring, especially the nurses and surgeons. it takes a lot of gut to be able to keep cool and perform your duties on people so frightened, while under the stress of knowing that people have already died as a result of the event. stay strong everyone.
it's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency.
was reading about this about 2 hours ago, went to do other things, my friend told me the death toll is up to 50 now, went back on reddit to read about it and had to keep scrolling down and down and down...
i agree 100% r/news is now dead. worst censorship scandal ever.
my guess is that they delete any comment mentioning islam. only a guess, though. can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments.
please make sure your friend knows that there are *many, many* americans -- including in places where he might least expect to find them -- who understand that not all muslims subscribe to the isis interpretation of islam in the same way there are many christians who do not subscribe to the beliefs of those so-called christians who would discriminate against the lgbtq community.
that is a *great* recommendation that i never would have thought of.
i love how the character in the graphic is standing there awkwardly like 'so....yeah'
i'm glad you're safe. something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... i couldn't even imagine.
news said a police officer opened fire on him as he was going into the club at around 3am, they didn't go in after him until 5am because he had hostages. meanwhile accounts are coming out from inside saying during this time he was lining people up killing them anyways. 2 hours wasted while people still being killed.
probably is. how many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? gotta get disheartening
not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. if you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks.
i live about 45 minutes from orlando and have sooooo many friends who frequent this nightclub. i am praying right now. not sure if any of them were there during this, but such a horrible moment...
still unable to locate my friend. i've called the hotline set up and had a friend drive to the hamptons inn where family center is set up and they are still not releasing any information at this time. i've called orlando regional and other hospitals and i get nothing.
while it's too early to tell, i'd lean towards that was part of their mo last night.
angry about two guys kissing in miami? you may as well get angry about the sun shining in miami. what a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch.
i'm sad to say the death toll in this one is probably not finished. the trauma surgeon at ormc said he expects to see that number climb throughout the day; many of the victims transported to the hospital were in very critical condition.
"honestly, if i were two-faced, would i be showing you this one?" - abraham lincoln in response to an accusation by stephen douglas
so i imagine that obama will give a televised speech about this shooting some time today? it would make sense since this shooting is now (unfortunately) historic in its death toll.
he honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. it's something i really admire about him. especially when he spoke about sandy hook, i felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president.
it seems as though every time this event comes up on reddit, i learn of a new thing to bring me to tears, but somehow this did me in worse than anything ever has. the thought of being a firefighter, and knowing what that sound is, standing there and hearing so many of them, and you're totally helpless. i just cannot imagine what that must have felt like.
people will say "you can't blame them." but i am totally blaming them.
thanks for your kindness. we need to stick together.
god that is awful. i'm glad you and your friend are okay. what happened today was terrible, i hope we can one day live in a world where these kinds of tragedies don't occur. i definitely can't relate the kind of fear the victims and their loved ones must have felt, but i hope they can get through this.
for real. i was talking to a sikh guy in my area once, and he told me that sikhs wear turbans and keep small knives (kirpans) as an indicator to those around them that the sikhs are there to help those in need.
for anyone who is in florida and was considering donating blood or plasma, come back on tuesday to your local blood drives since they have already reached the need volume for today. so come back on tuesday when the next round is needed.
correct, i believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time.
apparently he pledged to isis just before this. also, ramadan just started, and isil leaders are proclaiming mega-rewards to anyone who does acts like these during this time.
did [edited to remove name], that dumb fucking son of a bitch, not understand that this is going to make people at large *more* sympathetic to homosexuals and *less* sympathetic to muslims? it's not even the horrific, utterly senseless loss of life, it's that even from his perspective, his actions will have the complete opposite effect of what he set out to do in the longer run. he wasn't just an evil fucking idiot, he was an *incompetent* evil fucking idiot. my sympathies go out to everyone affected by such a horrible tragedy. love yourself and each other.
if you didn't, i sent off a couple emails to amazon linking your comment with the urging that they at least research the possibility of implementing this. i hope you have as well, i feel we aren't the only people who would help.
donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on.
i can see they're actively removing threads for it...
people think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates. when lincoln and douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both.
to be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, i'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake
i literally live 300 feet from the club. went out of town for the weekend to visit my family and woke up to this madness. it's insane.
i remember reading a similar description after the paris attacks, i think. it's inevitable in this age of communication ease & social media and it's so sad how many of those calls and messages will never get an answer.
holy shit. that's so incredibly fucked up of them.
target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in south downtown did the same.
this is incredibly sad. this is the deadliest us mass shooting since virginia tech.
i think it's because he feels so powerless. this is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. he has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. he knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't.
i lived in a commuter town in new jersey for most of my life. after the 9/11 attacks, there were several cars that stayed in the parking lots at the local train station. their tires would get more chalk marks every day as the parking attendants noted their time not moving. tickets would accumulate in the windows. and eventually it became clear that the people who owned those cars weren't ever coming home again. they'd get towed, or claimed by family members or next of kin. eventually, they'd all gone. and i'm not sure which was worse, seeing them there, or seeing the empty lots after.
my girlfriends parents (seniors) heard about this before i saw it on reddit.
i dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated.
yea i can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases.
i heard that since incidences like columbine, the strategy is to rush the shooter(s) with swat asap rather than playing it out.
california pizza kitchen was handing out stacks of personal pizzas to people waiting in line at waterford lakes when i was waiting to donate.
disney world sort of is. they've got an entire land mass bought out, which holds all four parks, security, transportation, emergency response (police/fire/medical), and even water/power facilities.
i don't understand. why are the mods censoring? like, what are they gaining from it? thanks
terrifying and devastating. if you're a member of the lbgt community in central florida, from ocala to tampa to titusville, you've been to pulse at least once. to us this didn't just happen in our backyard, it happened in our living room.
the turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a sikh. so that everyone who see can see that said person is a skih.
well i feel like out of all of the presidents lincoln had more reason than any to look that way.
i live 500 meters from the concert hall called "bataclan" in paris. so i kind of been there. lost friends, got friends badly hurt. i have nothing smart to say. this is absolute horror. i stand with you from paris as you guys were with us when we got hurt. fuck those murderers. love will prevail. damn this is so sad. sorry for not making sense.
it really, really sucks. as someone who has personally lost friends (both muslim and non-muslim) to extremists, to see so many people blame our entire population hurts a lot.
they deserve overwhelming recognition. they were also operating under reports that there might be another shooter or possibly explosives at the hospital itself. i'll piggyback your statement and say orlando fire deserves a lot of credit too. i stayed up listening to their scanner channel and they (as calm as they could) organized triage stations and mobile treatment sites. command was trying to organize all their available emergency rigs and at some point they were throwing victims in police pick up trucks. it was pretty horrifying hearing drivers ask what hospital they could bring victims to as ormc was overcapacity and only accepting red tag trauma alerts.
for some reason, that i can't even explain, when i heard that the orlando mayor declared a state of emergency it really sunk in. it's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. from the things i read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live. it's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy.
these are very hard to read through, i get lost halfway through each page and the graphics are confusing.
fbi seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack
this comment brought tears to my eyes. i'm sorry you had to experience such horrific terror in your lifetime.
that is actually a genius idea. you should submit it to them. no joke. the only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. but i'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this.
i think that lincoln comparison is more to do with camera quality than his own aging. i mean, he did age but the overexposure and poor focus are clearly doing him some favors in the first image and are nonexistent in the second.
amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like red cross and blood donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them.
as someone who witnessed the 26/11 shootings in india, i know what shooting at a crowd in a cramped space feels like. this is the saddest thing i've read today, i stand with with you from mumbai, lots of love.
yes! not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood.
on facebook someone posted a video of a health care worker reading the patients they received through out all of orlando. unfortunately my friend frank is not on that list. my heart is heavy. thank you reddit for your kind words.
every seat in the house of representatives is up for re-election, though
very bad. presidential cabinet positions exist to advise the president. trump did not allow her to see the executive order before issuing it.
they can be struck down by lower federal courts and not just the supreme court. eos don't have nearly the power of laws and can't involve the appropriations of money.
because the government is composed of its subscribers and its editor. that, and infowars perhaps.
more desperately than ever, we need you president underwood.
the same folks who were complaining about obama using eos now want all eos followed to the very letter! the same folks who cry about "activist judges" want a wholly compliant ag willing to burn the constitution. hypocrites. all of them.
as someone who doesn't know what the attorney general does, is this bad?
he's from virginia and was involved with the sentencing of our corrupt republican governor (mcdonnell - "indicted on federal corruption charges for receiving improper gifts and loans from a virginia businessman"). boente stated "no one is above the law... not a high public official, not even the highest public official in [virginia]." interesting pick.
so he appointed someone who under the obama administration set a record for deporting people?
really is. it's like watching a slow train wreck. but the real enemy are the voters who elected this man. they should not be let off the hook.
especially how texas voted in the presidential election, it shows how much people really didn't like trump. and that number is only increasing in parts around the state
yes, but back then the country wasn't nearly as hyper-partisan as it is today. we have people that believe trump when he lies and there's proof on tape or photograph, why would they care if he eliminates everyone who shows a hint of backbone? and in fact, they may see it as a positive sign more of him "draining the swamp."
isn't that a reference to his order on federal regulations for businesses? because i saw a thread on that and didn't fully grasp it. what are federal regulations? how can he legally follow one and disregard two?
it mostly depends on how well trump polls and how closely those senators identify with trump. if he pisses everyone off, and those senators have records of supporting the decisions that pissed everyone off, they could lose their own primary to a challenger from the right who is anti-trump, and then the new person could lose to a dem, or the new person takes over and becomes a trump-dissident on the right. it's unlikely, but it can definitely happen. texas is probably the most likely, depending on how it goes down, because texas has really large liberal blocks in the cities.
the purge has begun. how many more of our best and brightest will lose their jobs now?
ssshh. don't tell the_donald. obama was already deporting more people with criminal records than previous presidents.
executive orders are not laws. only the legislative branch has the power to write laws.
i've always thought it was like mr. burns hiring homer simpson as the nuclear safety inspector. burns knows that since homer knows absolutely nothing about nuclear safety he won't have to pay for any of the costly safety precautions that would otherwise have come up had a competent person been given the job.
he also didn't show his new head of dhs. we thought there was a problem with transparency before? now even the people in charge of enforcing shit are out of the loop.
"doctor, is it cancer?" "aladeen...... i mean, donald "
soon any and all voices of reason will be replaced by yes men. then, presumably, he starts nuking everything.
presumably because he suspected she would react as she did, and didn't want to fire her preemptively.
lol just didn't want that to be the focus of my post. people will tunnel on any little point they disagree with, just to avoid discussing the overall argument.
"you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake, well this could be it sweetheart."
her being fired isn't the takeaway here; her position was temporary and her dismissal inevitable. what should scare the crap out of everyone regardless of your political views is that we're barely 10 days into someone's presidency and we're getting official press releases that sound like a supervillain from 1950s superman comics is delivering them.
it was a leading factor resulting in nixon's resignation though so maybe something positive might come out of this as well.
is it time to start getting a little scared? i mean i'm a white dude and this shit is a little concerning.
the thing that worries me is if we eventually become numb to trumps antics. we all need to be mindful about resting and not binging on information. unplug for a while and don't burn out. we all need to be politically engaged these next 4 years. i'm saying this mostly to myself but i imagine others will agree.
i have this theory that trump will be a kind of societal vaccination - all the trappings of a dictator without any of the competence or discipline to be good at it. usa gets fired up, liberals and conservatives come together, sing kumbayah, and good reigns in the end. or we're screwed...
as of today, "yes" and "no" will be replaced by "donald"
any time you see a simple adjective used twice in the same sentence, or the word "very," odds are trump wrote it. not saying it's bad writing, it's just completely counter to the style used in most pr/political writing.
watching that video, i'm not sure he sounds all that different, actually. i think he was just better at sticking to his talking points.
or because he didnt know he was supposed to because he has no idea how government works. that's the funnier option i guess. and not unlikely.
i can't get over him appointing rick perry. my mind can't wrap around how it could possibly be true. it's just ridiculous to appoint him to that position it's like an snl sketch.
it seems like the entirety of his presidency, length yet undetermined, will be conducted with the same level of insanity as the last week of nixon's tenure.
we should be hearing directly from him, in all his idiocy.
what's terrifying is what he actually thought it would be. i mean to give him credit... if he thought the department was just for marketing oil interests, i can see why he thought it was a waste of money and should be shut down.
until they are struck down by the supreme court, for all practical purposes in people's lives, they are laws.
the statement is almost comical. it really sounds like something written by an angry child. unfortunately, it's really scary that that he's surrounding himself with yes men and those who opposed him in the government were in the minority to begin with.
jesus that's scary when you put it that way. if the country were ever actually in *real* crisis, we could be just a step away from a modern nazi germany.. -people like to hark on the godwin's law, "oh there they go again comparing to literal nazis"; that's the thing, the nazis weren't fictional boogymen dreamt up that no group could possibly live up to, they were *real*. nazi germany was something that actually happened, something that arose from a nation of normal everyday people like you or i. we owe it to ourselves to keep remembering nazi germany, simply so we can remember the sheer capabilities of human nature.
jesus. this is really happening to america isn't it?
wiki changes fast with news, those sections won't be reliable for a few days at least.
not only that, he was a man who didn't even know what the department *did* when he wanted to defund it.
may? aw man. isn't it usually in february? better call saul got pushed back to april too. what am i going to watch (*has 200 shows and movies in netflix and prime queues*)
don't forget about ben carson, a surgeon, for urban development.
yeah i've been freaked by this and my dad just went into a long ramble about the saturday night massacre. i guess i can see it.
she's been fired for upholding the law in defiance of the leader. classic authoritarian move.
obama used eos because of an obstructionist republican congress. trump has the votes in congress and still uses eos.
dana boente is now acting attorney general, hes an obama appointee but apparently he'll defend the ban.
that whole volunteer mars mission where you'd have to leave earth and never be able to return is actually looking pretty awesome right now.
the muslims were bait. now trump has an excuse to replace people who don't agree with him.
there aren't many republican seats in the senate up for reelection that year.
being politically ignorant, i had to look up 'us attorney general' on wikipedia to find out what it means. the article currently says: "the office is currently held by groper-in-chief stooge dana boente, who cowardly assumed the office after the groper fired acting attorney general sally yates for courageously refusing to enforce or defend the groper's unconstitutional, racist muslim ban" that can't be right, can it? i also noticed that dana j. boente hyperlink leads to the wikipedia article for 'anus', and jeff sessions redirects to the fictional marvel character 'red skull'. it's all beyond me, but i thought people may be interested.
yeah, clearly jeff sessions is megatron, not red skull.
don't worry, they'll find a way to victimize themselves one way or another.
nah, megatron's views on race were pretty progressive.
dude it's going to suck in may. this is reality now. this is the new normal.
though after everything we've seen thus far, what makes anyone think trump will leave power peacefully? whether it be through losing in 2020, conviction by impeachment, or even pence and the cabinet utilizing section 4 of the 25th a., have we any evidence that trump & co. will respect those processes and abandon the office?
cheney did it for money. i'm not sure what bannon wants.
why wouldn't he show her? if she is supposed to help advise him, then why hide something like an executive order from her and then fire her?
very smart politics by sally yates. now she is a hero to the left, has 30 years experience and will be running for congress or the senate in 2 years mark my words.
had seen a documentary a few years ago about how political figures who use simple sentence structures end up being seen as more charismatic... and get more votes. i've actually taken that idea on board in my profession (nothing to do with politics) always trying to "dumb down" what i say and write. must say i have seen positive results.
same. barely touched any game for the past few weeks. i'm too fucking tilted and distracted to even have fun anymore. and when i tried again today, i went on a massive loss streak. i feel like i'm wasting my time on games when the country is actively being tramped on.
i'm 30. i was smarter when i was 16. the real world dumbs you down like you wouldn't believe.
alex jones has finally exposed himself as the "controlled opposition" many accused him of over the years. the dude is literally making up news now about how trump's approval ratings are higher than they were 1 week ago, and how everything main stream media is saying are all lies. alex jones is going all fucking in on trump. he's no longer a conspiracy nut, he's a propaganda mouthpiece for trump.
you know it's bad when a 16 year old dumbass on the internet writes more eloquently than the potus.
drain the swamp! then dig it deeper and refill it.
trump's style is very distinct. someone tried to convince me his long mlk day post was written by him when it so clearly wasn't..
if someone really drained a swamp, they would be removing mostly water. the muck, mud, and rot would be left in the swamp. so i guess he's making good on that promise.
has it really been 10 days? i guess time flies when you're...terrified for the future of humanity.
and it tells us he was furious. so furious that he insisted this exact statement be released and wouldn't leave it to his staff.
plot twist: he says tomorrow he won't defend the ban either and gets fired as well.
so i take it that anyone who disagrees with him gets the boot? people who don't fall in line are immediately dismissed and promptly fired... that should scare the shit out of everyone. republican, democrat, doesn't matter. a president should be willing to listen to all of his advisors regardless of what side they are on... he's acting like a true business man and surrounding himself with yes men.
 i'm becoming more and more convinced that you guys are seriously fucked at this point. i'm really worried for you, neighbors. actually, i'm worried for the entire global community. if the us implodes you're going to take the rest of us down with you. -canadian
concentration camps, nah we prefer the term 'focus fairgrounds'. who doesn't love a fair?
probably a good thing house of cards doesn't start until may. if it aired tomorrow it'll probably suck compared to real life.
i'm not sure that trump got the memo that this isn't a tv show
first they came for the... highest positions in federal government???
i'm honestly having a hard time playing video games right now. there is a tremor in the force... something... is happening.
well there it is. we now have a name for getting suicided.
trump doesn't like the word "no" so he's removing anyone who says it.
trumps on a straight path to being impeached. my theory is, is that this is what the gop wants. they'll let him go crazy, get impeached, and then pence will be in office. after trumps craziness everyone won't both the gop too much with their laws because they won't be as crazy as trumps. it's the perfect bamboozle, just a theory though.
reminds me of that old family guy episode where lois just repeats 9/11 to become the mayor of quahog
i've noticed the same thing, normally i'd be balls deep in the overwatch event, cods 2xp week, or grinding it out in destiny. barely done any of that the last 10 days. there's dickery afoot in america.
so you are saying pence is actually palpatine and we just need a patsy jar-jar to call a vote of no confidence to remove trump and the sith will control the senate.
exactly. a trump supporters i'm friends with on facebook lauded this act and trump's executive orders as the beginning of a revolution.... (in a positive sense)
this is tremendously true. people get tremendously wrapped up in the tremendous way trump speaks. they just don't understand how tremendously the man trys to be a tremendous speaker. tremendous tremendous tremendous.
2 years actually if people get out and vote for senate and house elections in 2018.
this season of the apprentice is pretty dramatic.
trump will never resign voluntary. even if they impeach him, i imagine they'll have to drag him out of the white house kicking and screaming.
who cares about the law of the land, and those enforce it? lets just write a law and see what happens.
i left a post of mine open to the public recently and you wouldn't believe the kind of things i'm hearing from trump supporters about "liberal biased news."
wouldn't that be something. all these twists and turns it's like we are living in a political drama on prime time tv.
it's honestly the most worrying part of these last ten days for me.
he had already fired (forced to resign) most of the state department.
dads. not just good for jokes anymore, but also apparently stories about nixon.
you're spot on. it's a pretty quick jump from "betrayal" to "treason" and i'm starting to worry about this administration's growing tendency to offer urban dictionary style alternatives to commonplace definitions.
i was thinking about this for a while last night. he can do this for four years. there is nothing to stop him. it is so fucked.
hey, just in case you haven't seen the rest of the world (literally every continent including two separate protests on antarctica) is with you. toronto and london (and i'm sure others) had protests outside embassies and consulates. this is your fight, but you've got a friend in like....a few billion people around the world. let us know and we'll help.
that is because texas does not really want the wall.
and exit when he tossed the assholes to the curb at the end of the scene.
my last work review essentially told me that i was confusing clients by trying to explain why i was recommending this or that test for their pet. so essentially i got reprimanded for not treating people like idiots. the sad part is that my boss was right. when i act super interested in them as a person and smile a lot and use (to me condescending) language - they love me and don't question a thing. when i try to actually explain the science behind what i'm recommending, well.... they don't love me nearly as much.
i took my civics classes at betsy devoss' bible study and summer school camp. the kool-aid was delicious.
absol-fricken-lutely. actually, the president we really need right now is arnie vinnick. bartlett is great. but vinnick would be able to get shit done.
my first political memory is watergate and the resignation. you aren't wrong here at all.
my god, the comments. so much dumb in so little words
my phd advisor reminds me of trump to a t. the same blustering self-importance, the same speaking style, the same irrational anger and inability to control his words. the same bullying and harassment and need to control (it got bad enough that the university had to intervene to "protect me" from him...and i wasn't the first student in that position with him). and now i can add another thing to the list. my guy also used to be a much more compelling and eloquent communicator. his early research is great, but over the years the quality degraded so much as to be unpublishable (unless it's in the journal he edits, of course). if he wants something to be accepted for publication now, a grad student has to write it.
be very afraid when words like "betrayed" are being used. not far from 3am knocks on your door...
honestly, even when obama made an order that was being obstructed by congress et al, i didn't see anyone wanting complete and utter loyalty to the president, rather that they wished there were less republicans in control to obstruct what obama wanted. i feel as if trump supporters have this ill-informed notion of what exactly liberals as a whole were complaining about and are using that view as a means of "getting their turn", despite the majority of liberals never even wanting a turn.
actually they came for the muslims first, then the government employees who stood up for them.
the house is up for grabs, but there is a near-zero chance of democrats taking back the senate in 2018. to just tie, they would have to keep all of their current seats, and get *both* nevada and arizona. to get a majority, they'll also need one of the following: * mississippi, * nebraska, * tennessee, * texas, * utah, or * wyoming. the incumbents in each of those seats won their last election by more than 15%.
seriously guys, just think of the rest of the world that can't do anything but watch. please fight for us.
who the fuck wants to watch house of cards right now? honestly... i was planning to actually watch that show this year...i feel bad for all the people who worked on it because i might never see it now.
so i take it your dad realized it was not actually a scam?
saw him a couple years ago. his voice is fine. it's odd, because when he talks he sounds like an old man, but when he sings it's only a little bit scratchier than it used to be.
i love billy joel for shit like this...he's still just a dude, a good dude. he didn't set out to be a rock star, he was a college kid with a garage band playing some gigs, then playing opening act for other groups, then people were coming specifically to see the opening act instead of the main act. his career just snowballed into something he didn't plan on, and he seems to have mostly retained his normal dudeship through it all...lots of respect for the dude. edit : fucked up auto correct words
i wish warriors games were like this... only the super rich sit up front and the tickets are so expensive you only see true warriors fans at the viewing parties
a few years ago my aunt had a similar experience, she bought cheap tickets, and she along with her group of young attractive females were given the front row tickets. when they got to their new seats they noticed the front rows were filled with the same demographic. i was hoping to see a comment like this when i read the headline because i was really surprised when she told me the story.
my wife and i saw him and elton john for their face 2 face series. our seats where behind and above the stage because they were cheaper. weird but totally worth it. their pianos spun so when billy joel's spun to see us, he stopped singing and said, "i bet you didn't think these seats would be that good. *wink* "
there are no tickets for the snake pit. they just choose random lucky fans, instead of rich people :)
or you don't go to many concerts. i saw neil diamond last night in detroit and we were 21 rose back for $180 a seat
$45 for a cover band?! i don't even pay that for bands i like. damn.
i bought two tickets to a rockies game the other day online and was charged $6 per ticket for shipping. for e-tickets.
we went to see billy joel and elton john for my dad's birthday as a family like 15 years ago. we had terrible upper deck seats, but we got there super early and were approached by someone who offered to trade us for literal front row tickets. seemed too good to be true and my dad accused them of running a scam. i was an apathetic teenager, felt too cool to be there, but that won me over. one of the most memorable nights of my life.
this is basically how it works in all aspects of life, minus the no rich people part.
they were probably starting to wonder why you were standing back there.
coldplay often does something similar, or at least they did on the viva la vida tour
yup, anyone who has been to a billy joel concert knows it's not "random fans" sitting up front screaming, it's hot women.
so rich people who always get their way don't get the best seats. beautiful people who always get their way do instead. this situation seems slightly less inspiring than it did at first.
billy joel could easily get 300 at a large venue.
i got one of these tickets on new year's eve 1990. my friend and i knew about this tradition and looked for the guys distributing the tickets before the show (we were in the upper deck at the nassau coliseum with my friend's family and some friends). we finally saw them, approached and begged politely for two tickets. we were told they only had two tickets left and they wanted to save them for a couple. without hesitation, my friend and i put our arms around each other's and said, in unison, "we're gay." sat front row center on new year's eve. got a high five from billy before souvenir. great night.
metallica has done this, too. went to one concert and was literally in the very top row. a guy asked if i wanted closer tickets and handed me a pair in the second row
really? cause i've seen him get $1000000000 at even small venues
i'm from long island so i'm required by law to tithe 10% of my income to lord joel. i'm glad to do it.
you weren't kidding, this is some hanna-barbera cartoon level bouffanting.
puffing on a cigar with a spot of dense chest hair peeking from an armani polo
as a frame of reference, i wanted to go to a rhcp concert this year. all available tickets (for the general public) were sold out while i was still at work. the tickets were then being resold for around $300 each. that's when i decided i didn't want to go to their concert.
just serious dumb luck. paul mccartney actually upgraded the girls i was at his concert with and they reluctantly upgraded me and the other male. elton john, well, he might've requested males to be upgraded the front of the stage.
the old, "it's been 10 minutes and i don't feel anything, fuck it let's eat the other two" no regrets
yes, but just how do they determine who is worthy of these front row seats?
did you hear this at a craig finn/hold steady gig? i recently learned of this too, as it was a story finn told between songs.
same, am also from central nj, where the delicious pork product is called pork roll *and* taylor ham.
if your on long island you have a big chance of seeing him for free or cheap. he likes showing up randomly to billy joel tribute bands playing on long island. i also had this happen to me for aerosmith. my wife and i got moved to front row while eating in our paid for seats like an hour before the concert.
33 checking in, i grew up in a house where the piano man album was played daily. billy joel rates as one of my favourite ever gigs, up there with rammstein as far as pure passion is concerned. my mates still have a giggle if he pops up on my spotify account or they hear me singing uptown girl while i hang out the washing, but fuck them. billy joel is the shit.
wow, that's a really interesting story that i'm going to remember. of course he's doing his own thing and following his own less-popular interests, but that he shared it with the crowd is really telling.
the tonight show with jay leno -- they went into the line and pulled pretty girls from it to sit in the front row. i was with my cousin (both female), we weren't mad though, i mean those girls were a lot younger than we were. get it while you can.
i got front row seats at coldplay like this. we were walking around the arena and someone came up to us with a few questions about coldplay, so we answered them and he said, "okay you've just been upgraded. here are your new tickets, best seats in the house" and then he walked us down to our seats. it was so great. then coldplay decided to pick up and move across the arena halfway through the set, so we were back row again for a few songs, but they came back.
live events is my profession. you get there when doors open. me and 30 other guys got to the venue at 6am and have been busting ass for 10hours. people need to get paid.
as someone who just saw a cover band event called "piano man: a billy joel and elton john tribute" selling seats for $35-45 at a crap venue, i'd say that's true. this isn't even billy joel or elton john. just a tribute band playing at a one off venue in far west suburban chicago (aurora).
jeez is 1.5 hours out living in a different city still considered suburban chicago?
i went to a kid rock concert where he wouldn't sell tickets for over $20 and made the venue offer $3 busch light cans. i love kid rock.
are we just saying bigger and bigger numbers? i heard he could get $10000 at a larger venue.
true story: my mother went to one of billy joel's concerts and was approached by i guess somebody who was important at the venue and said, "we'd like to move you up to the front row." when my mother asked why she was told that "billy joel likes to see the front row filled with attractive blondes."
this this similar to the law of springsteen along the jersey shore?
pearl jam did this. they played most of their show with me behind them and then decided to turn it around for a song or two.
like the place long island? thats fun :) oh why do you say on long island rather than in?
i've been upgraded from nose bleeds to second row at both paul mccartney and elton john concerts so i'm guessing a few of the older musicians do this.
anyone want a front row seat to a billy joel concert? i've got a primo one right up the back, only $1000.
i went to one of his concerts last year and i do remember seeing on the jumbotron younger women in the front. i was wondering how these women who looked like they were of the age to be dealing with the serious student loan debt were up front for such an expensive ticket.
i've never seen paul mccartney in concert but i've seen ringo in concert and he was amazing. i can't imagine what it must've been like to see all 4 beatles at once.
try being from central nj, i have to dish out for both.
it's a concert at a major venue. he would play at msg monthly. yes, that's cheap
you sexy beast you. i'm ashamed to say i've never seen sir paul myself. assuming you saw him recently, is his voice still there? that always seems to be the first thing to go when musicians get older.
he just likes hot poor chicks. don't make him out to be anything more than a downtown man.
i'll send you it as a printable pdf, just $5 e-ticket fee
they don't stand up, make noise, sit there with their bouffant haired girlfriend lookin' like a big shot. *you had to be a big shot dincha you had to open up your mouth..*
well, i went downtown ridin' in my '09 toyota camry in my on sale jc penny clothes
one hundred million dollars to whoever gets me to the front row.
not sure about his first wife, but his second wife never sat in the front row, those tickets cost an arm and a leg, and she just couldn't afford to lose another.
this was before digital photography really took off. i'm sure i have some photos back home - but nothing handy where i live now. it was at the carrier dome in 2001. hard to believe that was 16+ years ago. feels like a lifetime.
i wonder if you see the really bad seats sell faster than the mediocre ones.
*rigorously bouffanting* edit. one of my highest, if not the highest upvoted comments is about bouffants in a billy joel thread. what is my life right now. *sighs bouffantingly*
shit i saw billy joel last month. wasn't expensive but wasn't cheap... worth way more than we paid.. he lies.. i'd pay 10x what we paid to see him again.
i saw the face 2 face tour as well. before the show started i was approached by a member of the crew. my friend and i were given a special pass, it was sticky green fabric, and led to a backstage area. when the lights came up, we were on the wings of the stage, not 20 feet from elton and billy. we got to meet them both during and after the show, and it was hands down one of the coolest experiences of my life. we watched the whole show from the stage.
my dad used to see him at the drugstore in huntington all the time. said he'd just say hey billy and hed say hey, was always down to earth and a nice guy. a few years ago, he saw him sitting at a restaurant bar, all by himself, looking disheveled and barely recognizable, and completely wasted. he got his driver to come around and pick him up. i hope he's doing better now. my parents used to play his music on the record player when we were young. another fun story, the house he lived in w christie brinkley was about ten minutes from where my cousins grew up in cold spring harbor. his house sat on a bend in the road and one of my cousin's friends took the corner too hard and hydroplaned through the fence in billy joel's backyard. christie brinkley came running out to see if he was ok. said he thought he died and went to heaven. (i don't know if this is actually true, but it's the story i've been told for years.)
i would do unspeakable things for second row at paul mccartney. i have lawn seats in july and i'll still have a blast i'm sure.
hi ears with feet. i saw 5 billion amos concerts back in the day. met her, went to her meet and greets, the whole bit. never got front rowed. she was always great with her fans though. she didn't even like to call them fans. there were a lot of familiar faces in line when you went to shows in those days. a lot of us went more than once kind of like deadheads. which of her bodyguards was it?
can confirm. i know an attractive blonde who got front rowed at one of his concerts.
09 and pennys? damn, you are rich. i have '02 avalon and i'm wearing a swimsuit from a local convenience store.
did you have to watch the whole concert to get the $40 or could you leave halfway through?
thanks for doing that. i'm a musician and y'all get shat on way too much.
lol that's an amazing burn. but in all serious i thought the show was absolutely incredible. i had no idea what to expect. no opening act. no music, nothing. kanye appeared on a small floating stage suspended by chains, about 20' x 20'. it moved all over the venue, effectively making every row the front row for part of the show. he was rocking so hard and singing his heart out it looked like he was trying to break himself apart with the music. truly was a moving performance.
i like the fact that you got quizzed about coldplay. depending on the questions it can really show who the real fans are. do you remember if they were opinion questions or trivia questions?
yeah, a concert before people started screaming through the whole thing. so much charisma in one spot!
random question but are you and your friend good looking? my friend and her boyfriend went and saw paul mccartney a few years ago and it was the same deal. nosebleed tickets, brought to the front of the show. she told me everyone they brought up (male and female) were suspiciously attractive.
ah c'mon. you'd rather look down from the stage and see someone really enjoying themselves rather than a bunch of sourpusses.
he said he would do an ama for 30 min. that looks like 30 min of answering questions.
i have an 11 year old and a 13 year old child. i currently pay more for them to go to private school for one year than i paid for my entire master's degree. what can you do to heal our very broken public school system (which i want to love)? what can i expect for them when they go to college in a few short years?
i read this, and immediately got a knock on the door. shit myself. found myself eating pizza 2 minutes later.
let's skip the marijuana legalization question that'll show up at least 50 times on this page and get to a related issue: after promising that you wouldn't interfere with individual state decisions on medical use of cannabis, how can you justify utilizing federal funds and agencies to shut down dispensaries and arrest people who are legitimately sick?
is there anything going to be done about the current state of student loans?
win or lose, i'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices.
ladies and gentlemen: the president of the united states of america referencing his meme. good night and god bless.
as a girl about to finish my aerospace engineering degree- please? i promise to spend my life creating the first black hole probe... you know you're curious too.
i'm a total grammar nazi. my favorite joke: knock, knock... who's there? to... to, who? to whom...
as a member of the non-us free world. did my vote get lost in the post?
if you had the ability to automatically enact or repeal only one law without congressional approval, what would you choose and why?
next on fox news: does barack obama neglect his duty as a president, spending his time playing golf in this economic state? stay tuned.
what is the plan for gitmo bay? and for marijuana legislation?
what was the most difficult decision that you had to make during this term?
i was very surprised by this as well! but i bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it...
til roseanne barr and a dude named merlin are both running for president.
it's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that i'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. the big advantage i have is that i live above the store - so i have no commute! so we make sure that when i'm in dc i never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if i have to go back down to the oval for work later in the evening. i do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. speaking of balance, though, i need to get going so i'm back in dc in time for dinner. but i want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. and remember to vote in november - if you need to know how to register, go to gottaregister.com. by the way, if you want to know what i think about this whole reddit experience - not bad!
it's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for obama because he'd never do one.
i'm surprised the username presidentobama was even available. or is the man powerful enough to just take it over anyway? i'd hate to see the leader of the free world reduced to taking a username like therealpresidentobama or potus69 or xx_barackobama_xx or something.
9 minutes and already 200+ comments. good luck, obama. you're going to need it.
so honoured that the president of the united states has responded to a question i asked him.
tell me about it. i haven't gone a day without thinking about it and i have been home for almost three years now.
he should count his blessings. i'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus.
ahaha... i can just see you telling everyone you know tonight "i corrected the president on his grammar today."
if you had to select one non-politician to be the next president, who would be your pick?
"- not bad!" it was at this point, reddit ejaculated in glorious unison.
respectfully, mr. president, this is a non-answer. we've seen over the years what an economic boost having a robust space program can be -- not only does it create jobs, it inspires and gives the country focus on a positive and meaningful goal. the current budget for nasa is a pittance - think what could be done with double, or triple that amount? **frankly, we need another apollo moment, mr. president -- let's plan to get a man on mars by the end of the decade, and show the world that america is the most scientifically advanced and capable nation in the world, and can achieve what it sets out to do.**
you must have enormous balls to admit you do illegal drugs on the one thread that the fbi is definitely monitoring.
president obama, why didn't you close guantanamo bay as you promised you would?
not to mention the site issues. it still took me a while to get to this post hours after it was supposed to have finished.
making sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration is a big priority for my administration. the passing of neil armstrong this week is a reminder of the inspiration and wonder that our space program has provided in the past; the curiosity probe on mars is a reminder of what remains to be discovered. the key is to make sure that we invest in cutting edge research that can take us to the next level - so even as we continue work with the international space station, we are focused on a potential mission to a asteroid as a prelude to a manned mars flight.
what is the first thing you'll do on november 7th, win or lose?
what are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term?
a riveting story... i laughed, i cried, i came. 10/10
if the president says it's a asteroid, it's a asteroid.
i won't believe this unless he takes a picture with a shoe on his head.
would you rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or 1 horse-sized duck?
my question is this: why would you sign the ndaa when it included language that would allow the indefinite detention of americans without due process. i understand that this was the de facto case for awhile. now it's law. this passed by overwhelming bi-partisan support, despite being hated by most citizens. it feels like the government, including the executive branch, no longer work for the citizens that elect them. (by the way, i fully supported your first campaign, but i'm now disillusioned and disappointed.)
if obama made a "nobody cares apostolate" post, i would retire from reddit, realizing that nothing would ever top seeing that.
a grammar nazi's greatest dream... *"an... mr. president... an.."*
it's been stated that your favorite television show is the wire. how do you think the war on drugs has affected america, and would you work to end it?
how in the fuck was presidentobama not already taken?
it's a shame he didn't answer. i'd have liked to see the response.
mr. president, can you stop the nhl lockout? please? **please????**
good luck with an answer for this one. so far the obama administration has skirted this conversation at every turn. it's really the biggest flip-flop obama has committed as president.
i'll take that as "poppin bottles of cristale like it's 1969"
of course this goes unanswered. that really infuriates me. why does everyone in government just avoid this? is there some secret reason they keep it illegal? god dammit that pisses me off to no end.
i'm still waiting for learning cursive to pay off.
the president must be so nervous right now...he just got a comment from shitty_watercolour.
internet freedom is something i know you all care passionately about; i do too. we will fight hard to make sure that the internet remains the open forum for everybody - from those who are expressing an idea to those to want to start a business. and although there will be occasional disagreements on the details of various legislative proposals, i won't stray from that principle - and it will be reflected in the platform.
i was wondering if somehow they gave his username priority access, or whether potus had to hit refresh. "these servers... are getting hammered!"
i'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking reddit.
i'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post...
this is the best grammar nazi-ing he will ever get in his life. correcting the sitting president of the united states. let him live the dream.
why aren't you more actively fighting rnc voter suppression?
mr. president, do you feel that there is a problem with the "revolving door" of congressmen and prominent lobbyists? for an example, i'd point to former senator dodd, now the chief lobbyist for the mpaa. is there anything to be done about it?
let's just be thankful the guy that corrected him didn't have a screenname like i_rape_cats
a lot of us are worried about copyright law. sopa, acta, tpp... and the actions against megaupload. mainly because these laws are excessive and limit rights. what is your stance on that?
that's it. shows over folks. all the grammar nazis can go home now. forever.
"omgomgomgomgomg!!! the shitty_watercolour!" -leader of the free world
this too. this thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. honestly, it's amazing that the president managed to get through enough to post what he did.
thank you for showing the president of the united states how classy us redditors can be.
how do you balance family life and hobbies with, well, being the potus?
that's good. some bus drivers in france did the same thing. they came wearing pencil skirts.
i got my only ever detention from doing something similar in high school. we got a new vice principal and he tried to flex his authority by coming up with a bunch of new, stupid rules. he typed up a bunch of bulletins and posters about them and hung them all over the school. the problem was that this guy was a fucking moron who couldn't write for his life. these things had spelling and grammar errors galore. so one day during study hall i snuck out of the classroom and, with a red sharpie, corrected every damn one of those stupid posters. he called me into his office later that day after looking back at the security camera footage to see who did it. he tried reaming me out, but i just told him, "your posters are an embarrassment to this school. i don't want people who come here thinking that your idiocy represents the rest of us."
the same way they force boys to shave their beards. i love having a goatee but my principal saw it after vacation and told me to shave it off
yeah...if we could go ahead and extend the same courtesy to business attire, that would be great. women can wear formal attire that is sleeveless and/or has a skirt. men must wear button-down shirts and trousers. i'd like the opportunity to adjust my attire also.
good for them! i graduated 17 years ago (holy shit do i feel old typing that) and we had several instances of boys wearing very short skirts when admin cracked down on the dress code for girls. it was hilarious. the dress code said nothing about skirt length on boys, nor did it say anything about boys not being allowed to wear skirts. they got away with it, because it technically didn't violate the dress code. several of us also wore homemade togas and wild outfits that conformed to the standards, which pissed them off, but they couldn't do anything about it. we had our own crack "legal" team who made it their business to research student rights and keep admin in check when they made a new stupid rule, which they did pretty regularly. as a mom and soon to be full time teacher, i fully support kids who want to challenge the rules and push the limits like this. we need to raise people to think outside the box and push back against rules that are made just for the sake of making them.
i can almost guarantee that the school administration was probably on the kids side but either the diocese or the pastor of the church were the ones being sticklers and they're ultimately the real authority since it's their schools. happens a lot in catholic schools, pretty liberal teachers and admins are handcuffed by senile archaic geriatrics in robes. the church needs a new influx of normal nice priests in america badly
that's business formal in bermuda, it began with the royal navy getting permission to cut off their pants at the knee because it was too damn hot.
it's very liberating to be able to think "man, i really don't want to put pants on today," and then just wear a skirt or an even lazier option of a dress instead.
we always talked about doing this but never did. good for them. fight the power, boys, there's more to be fought.
implying it was ever out of style, you even see the odd guy in berwick rocking them and that's south of the border.
ah. britain. i'm assuming no a/c in the school building too? as a girl in texas, i always wore pants to school because the shorts would either be too short (finger-length?) or too long to be fashionable. but, at the very least, all the schools were air conditioned.
where are these kids. i just see a bunch of random wee scotsmen.
what about the girls who are distracting the gay and bisexual girls? i say ban the children.
i bought this in a muggle shop. muggles wear them!
my middle school did this also but with dresses because girls were allowed to wear dresses but guys weren't allowed shorts; it actually worked surprisingly and the next year the whole school district got rid of the rule.
this is truly genius nobody, as far as i know, has more than two legs. most people have two. but because some people have lost a leg or both, the average is less than two. i am finally above average at something. holy shit i have an above average number of arms
if by cop you mean a guy who is about to retire then yes. my high school had about 90% female teachers. if two football players started a fight there was not shit they could do to stop it safely. so the local pd assigned an officer there to assist if that happens. most of the time he was on his phone.
we wear them because we expect people to wear them. ties are a social construct
if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
god forbid a male should allow his face to do something that comes naturally.
can't have students defying authority without punishment
we had the same thing at my elementary school. you had to buy their branded jackets, which were flimsy single-layer wool jumpers, and you weren't allowed to wear any other jacket over it. so you had some kids buying the xxl version and wearing it over their normal winter coats. i'm _sure_ that made us all look like fine intelligent youths to passersby. way to go, school policy.
last week in nyc my sister saw a older woman staring long and hard at a man who had painted his toenails bright pink. after a couple of long moments she reached out to him and said, "i'm so sorry, but where did you get that nail polish?" turns out he had made it himself!
then you know what you have to do. grab a nice dress, some open toed shoes and have at'er. get some co-workers to have a dress day.
in a major metropolitan area, most people _don't_ care. there's a hell of a lot more to worry about in life than the clothes other people wear.
as a nova scotian, kilt wearing is not only acceptable, it will put you at the top of the social ladder at any gathering
as a country that's national weather is drizzle we get very upset when it gets too cold or too hot. we don't get a lot of snow so that causes us to panic, drive like idiots and close schools. when it get's too hot our buildings are just not designed to deal with it. most places don't have ac and are designed to keep the heat in not out. also it has been fairly humid (50%-80% humidity) which means it is harder to cool down even with a fan on.
i want this so bad, but at the same time.. i'm not gonna be the one leading the charge.
it will because it's expected now by people with tech experience. if these companies want to keep talent, they'll stick with the lax dress code rules
agree, i've been seeing so many comments for a while from guys saying they wish they could wear more colourful/patterned clothes like women, that they had more choices beyond which shirt and which trousers, and they wish they could wear dresses for comfort. i really do think this could be a major cultural change in the next 5 years, maybe less. the demand is there.
we were only allowed to wear tights under our skirts, no pants allowed. but we're also in the south, so it was the same here, didn't get that cold that often. still sucked when it did though.
one of the perks of younger industries like tech is that the old dress codes have gone by the way side. i wear shorts every day!
it'd be funny if they put shorts back in but the skirts are so comfortable that they just keep them.
what's this history you speak of? e: til trousers were an age restrict sort of right of passage
trust me, priests are usually pretty laid back about that kind of stuff. it's the parish councils and people in lay positions who are the real psychos.
can confirm, was a "troublemaker" in grade school this is 100% just some administrator fumbling for reasons that might convince this kid to stop what he's doing. i mean yea i was a little bastard here and there, but mostly i just didn't agree with the reasons adults gave me for making me do what i viewed as stupid shit.
i wore shorts will knee socks for my senior year. got kicked out of class but luckily the vp was old fashioned and knew the history of boys wearing shorts + knee socks decades ago. stood out but much less sweaty. 10/10 would knee sock again
"he had been told on wednesday the skirt was too short and his legs too hairy. some of the boys had taken this into account and bought razors to shave their legs. " i love this so much.
that was my immediate reaction, but on further thought dress codes often have restrictions on facial hair. i suppose that is very similar.
seriously. in the south of the us, this policy is fucking insane. when temps reach 90, the humidity making it feel like 110 and you have to wear pants. fuck that noise. of course, i haven't been in school for over 11 years, so the policy may have changed. point still stands though.
it's a sad day when boys are told they can't wear shorts b/c it's too distracting for the girls. like can girls keep their genitals in their pants and sex drive to themselves. it's irritating to think that boys are being discriminated against by forcing them to wear a certain dress code to accommodate the girls in the class. what a sad world we live in.
the tie is a bit much. why the hell do we still wear those ridiculous things?
i wore shorts to school once, in violation of dress code, with a note from the nurse. riding lawn mower gives the sun the perfect angle to **burn**.
at my catholic k-8th school the girls protested not being able to wear pants to school during winter when it was cold. they had to wear skirts. which is obviously ridiculous given the weather... so one week they all came in with pants on and got detention... the school changed their dumb policy.
being a critical thinker made life difficult at school/with parents. logic is thrown out the window sometimes
wait, what? you mean that the us has permanent police officers posted at schools? that's sad man...
welcome to every summers day in australia. blazer long sleeve shirt tie and long pants in winter when its still 26-30 degrees. at least all classrooms have dodgy fans.....
because they make the neckline neat. it's the area you're mostly likely to have people look at, as they're looking at your face; and so you utilize a collar/tie to clean up the lines and frame your head.
uk is having its hottest summer since 1976, the schools are normally closed when the uk gets to the hottest in august for summer holidays so the current temperatures are fairly unusual.
i'm a dude that occasionally wears skirts. they are very, very comfortable. no constrictions on your legs or your junk. nice and cool and airy. in the heat you keep cool, and if it's a bit on the cold side you actually stay a bit warm from the heat distribution. and honestly, the whooosh! of the skirt as you move is kind of bad ass, like a cape. you should try one.
as a kid, you didn't know better, but as an adult looking back, would you have called the police on her for theft? i would have.
on tuesday i wore shorts, the first male in our office to do so since i have worked here (7 years). yesterday i did it again and one of my colleagues followed suit. it is not covered in our dress code but as no one mentioned it if the temperature rises again i expect even more will follow suit so you are right, just do it.
just do it mate. i do. its fucking liberating having a cool breeze caress your knackers while you're out and about.
to make sure us dirty wage-earners aren't stealing shit. (source: i work at a factory)
my highschool once tried to take my cellphone (i wasn't using it in class, i was in the hallway between class). my mom spent about five minutes lecturing the principal on personal property laws. then one day they tried to make me change shirts because it had "smell my face" from a local talk radio show i listened to. my mother informed them that if they called her again because they had confiscated something from me and she had to pick it up, she was going to have her lawyer shove a book so far up their asses that they could pass the bar. we didn't have a lawyer. my mom just worked a lot and didn't have time to come to school over silly matters.
i had a teacher confiscate a portable cd player(yes i just dated myself) and headphones i was listening to while walking to my next class. she told me it was against the rules and that i could pick it up in the office after school. wouldn't you know it when i went to get it she told me it had been stolen and i shouldn't have brought it in the first place. i know that bitch took it home.
makes me wonder when it will become socially-acceptable to wear shorts for office work. here i am at my desk in atlanta, wearing long pants in late june... (it's rainy today so it's not so bad, but it's fucking miserable when its sunny.)
i don't know what it's like in finland but in sweden very few of my peers ever sat through a whole class focused on the material. someone who's not invested in what's going on is going to find something to distract themselves with, chatting with mates, ogling girls or something else. but as usual schools would rather treat the symptoms than the cause.
if you live in a metropolitan area i'm pretty sure nobody cares these days. go for it bro
you can only pull off a utilikilt if you're not wearing a shirt and you're ripped, which means you can pull off any outfit.
i would totally do this, if i was still in school and had legs.
also, code monkey do not code well when they are hot.
people care they're just not allowed to say anything
i've never seen a school with shaved legs as a requirement, sounds like they were grasping for any reason to tell him off
aussie? cause i am and 30c seems like a cool day for summer, long pants, blazer and tie done easy.
and if you have good legs, they're actually very flattering. the dudes in utilikilts get all the pussy at my city's local celtic festival every year.
i'm not sure the article ever states what "our utmost" actually entails. my guess is absolutely nothing, or like, offering cool water.
have you never watched any sort of historical drama? this is the defacto outfit of a young boy on like every historical tv show ever.
right? skirts are great and everyone should be able to wear them tbh.
huge difference. there is literally no schools in the south without air conditioning. in the uk, air conditioning is not common in schools.
the argument in most british schools is that uniform is a leveller. poor children will not be bullied for not having expensive clothes if everyone has to wear the same thing. in senior schools, what often goes unmentioned is that it's supposed to stop boys being distracted by girls in short, tight clothing, which is why school uniform fetishes are definitely not a thing.
maybe give a second look but thats about it. assuming you don't literally mean a skirt of course. a sarong is quite normal (in my culture, not my city) so maybe i'm biased.
i'm not sure my high school principal would have kept her job if she had told a girl her legs were too hairy for a skirt.
i remember in my high school the boys weren't allowed to wear sleeveless shirts of any kind because they 'd be too distracting to the girls.
yeah, my husband and i were out in some heat and humidity the other day, and i was wearing this billowing sleeveless crepe dress (i'm pregnant and it was all i could handle) and he said he really wished they made summer outfits like that for men. i also had an ex who was very into the idea of kilts (which were coming up at the time with a handful of stores.) i think it's a major potential market if the fashion marketing folks can pitch it delicately enough that guys don't feel like it would emasculate them.
the main reason it was implemented at my school was to prevent gang colors being worn. i'm sure some slutty outfits also contributed. to counter your individuality point, poorer students fit in more as noone can wear designer clothes etc. uniforms are generally cheaper than normal clothes too, a lot of local places had special deals. everyone had the same code, khakis and a polo shirt, shorts ok during the summer. i didn't and still don't like uniforms, but they do have pros.
it's more like a faux dick, the bigger tie you have the more respected you will be
so there's no need to worry. let it silently eat their heads while you relax in the heat.
on the contrary, exeter is one of the most southern parts of england, whereas scotland is north of england. you can't get much farther from kilt country, in england, than they are.
an appropriately crass response to such a question i've heard is "lipstick".
the supplier of these coats were probably kicking back a staff party or other petty corruption to keep the teachers personally invested/committed to such a thing. no staff is going to care about such ridiculousness unless their is some petty corruption going on.
"dude i got a call from my little bro in jr high saying he was in trouble and had gotten suspend, for what you ask? someone stole his shoes out his locker because he didnt lock it right. yes someone, not my brother, stole his shoes and he got in trouble because he didn't lock it right... i literally asked the principle if he was serious, and said alright we'll see what my mom thinks about this. boy i bet you coulda heard her car from a mile coming. yea he didn't get in trouble and i bet that fucker was scared." from another response, moms aint nothing to fuck with. p.s. your moms a badass hahaha
at my job (factory), security would routinely inspect men's duffel bags, backpacks etc. when a male employee asked why they never searched women's purses, he was told those are personal and wouldn't be searched. later that week, the same employee wore a skirt to work and a woman's top and carried a purse. when they tried to kick him out for "causing a disruption" they couldn't, as he technically wasn't breaking any rules. he just wanted to point out the double standard. best part was, he asked a couple women from the shop to go to the store to pick out the outfit he was going to wear to work :d they loved the idea.
my husband's mom was an or nurse. he ditched class in high school and was caught. the principal asked my husband which parent to call about it, so he said definitely call my dad, do not call my mom. principal took that as a cue to call mom. my husband had to wait a while for the phone conversation to move past the "no, i'm with the school and i need to speak to [husband]'s mother. it's important." but eventually the principal had my mil on the phone. my husband said he could hear his mom yell at the principal through the phone that she had to be dragged out of a surgery to hear about this bullshit, and that her kid had better be dead if they are going to bother her again. no further calls were ever made about my husband or his sister again.
we had a lot of evidence how people react to the quick change of norms with the release of the male rompers. plenty of women were also against the idea of men in them, specifically. i think it is kind of hilarious that you can wear a kilt and it's quirky, but it better be obvious it's a kilt and not a skirt or else.
me walking outside in the 90's as a teenager was easy enough since each leg of my jeans was twice the size of the waist.
my school had nuns as teachers and principals (not all but most). soooo ya....
by pouring their derisions on everything we did. exposing every weakness however carefully hidden by the kid.
i went to a catholic school where girls had to wear skirts all year long. boys could wear pants in the winter and shorts in the summer, but girls were only allowed skirts. it was miserable in the winter!
year 2067; yet another group of boys protest the 'no shorts' policy. the schools are baffled on how to stop this. i swear to god this is a thing every year, just in a different part of england. if girls have the choice of trousers and skirts, then shorts should not be a problem as an alternative to trousers during summer.
yeah, in any church - catholic or not - lay clergy are the worst. so many twits who think religion can only be done properly with judgmental, damaging attitudes.
i live in georgia (usa) and my workplace makes men wear pants and closed-toes shoes but the women can wear dresses/skirts and open-toes shoes. summer here is hotter'n hell and i cycle to work. that's some bull right there!
what. no coats?! as a canadian that is shocking. who's to say whether or not a child/teenager can wear a coat?! how does that even make sense?! who makes up these rules?!?! although, that being said, at the high school i used to go to they recently stopped allowing students to wear backpacks to class. you were allowed to wear one to and from school and store it in your locker, but you weren't allowed to take one to class because they were deemed to be a hazard. this meant that students had to carry around all their binders, books, change of clothes for pe, lunch, etc. which the students did not take lightly. girls weren't even allowed purses so in protest they started carrying around boxes of tampons to class to make a statement.
sometimes the people silently judging you are the people that decide whether or not you get a raise and a bonus at the end of the year
step 1: get the women at the factory to steal stuff for you. step 2: ?????? step 3: profit
what was the stated purpose of inspecting anyone's shit at a factory?
as long as you keep your legs closed on the bus i'm pretty sure nobody cares about anything beyond their phone screen.
yeah if i saw a guy in a skirt i'd say "yo, that guy is wearing a skirt." and move on with my life.
but now they know if a large enough percentage of students protest together they can bring about change
there have been many civil rights protests that brought about change in the past 70 years. many people were arrested over them.
school policies can be the most bafflingly illogical things in the world. i'm reaching the end of my gcses and at the beginning we were told that study leave would not begin until the second last week of exams which makes little to no sense. on top of that, the time we spent during lessons would not be used to prep for the day's upcoming exams. instead we had to revise for whatever subject we were currently in. then the school cut down on the 40 minutes lunch we had before an afternoon exam to 20 minutes due to 40 minutes being "too long". this is in spite of the fact that if we followed the school's doctrine on revision then that 40 minutes would be all the time we were given to prep for that afternoon exam.
weird. at my school the girls all just wore sweatpants under their skirts on particularly cold days. but i'm in the south so it wasn't that often
my school had 2 armed police officers. i think they brought in dogs at least twice a year while i was there
at first i thought you meant "dodgers fans" and couldn't figure out how that was relevant
rompers are awful on anyone past the diaper stage because all anyone can think when they look at them is that the wearer is going to have to strip down completely to go to the bathroom.
well, i don't think you can treat the cause here really.. nor do we try to in sweden either. it's pretty futile.
get a ultila-kilt. they are dope as shit. pockets and hoops for your gear. usually manly looking colors and styles. i love mine and i wear it during hot summer days when i'm working outside.
exactly. if you're good at what you do, and what you do is important, you don't need to dress up like a waiter.
i used to work at a startup and there were days when we were asked to just look a little more dressed up like if we were having a big wig come by for meetings. even then though, the most the guys would do was wear darker jeans and a tie with their button up shirt. i don't think we ever had anyone show up in a suit.
except for dress code violations in the office. although, my workplace had a shorts day yesterday and a cookout.
by making comments about their hairy legs, isn't the school proving the dress code is social/cultural based? and not logic/fairness based. ------------------------------------- **edit**: to (the many) people replying "well durr", my point was if the school want to enforce the boys being less comfortable than the girls in high heat they have to come up with something rational/explainable. not just "hurr durr boys don't wear skirts and shorts don't look professional enough". it's both unfair, and a particularly poor example to set at a school. what lesson are they teaching the children if they won't budge on this issue? that authority figures are incapable of rational compromise, and should be ignored?
i never got the part where students' attire is distracting. here in finland it's completely normal for girls to wear yoga pants, and jean shorts are popular with both genders. teens are going to ogle each other no matter what they wear.
god, this is so annoying for work too. it's hot as balls and i have to wear trousers where all the female staff are wearing skirts. ask manager why can't men wear shorts ...and her answer was because your men. that's not a reason...
when any kind of institution says "we're doing our best" it's basically the equivalent of "our thoughts and prayers are with the victims". thanks for fucking nothing.
there's metal detectors on the way into some us schools.
i'm not saying they should have a/c. i'm just trying to also point out that the school is most likely very hot on the inside. a/c is standard in texas (and in a lot of states in the u.s.).
i swear that schools do this just so kids can get practice in public protest.
came to the office naked yesterday. that's how it becomes socially acceptable. anyone hiring?
is he a younger teacher? some of the younger teachers i had immediately started trying to connect without establishing positions and from then on they struggled with getting the proper respect. sounds like your friend knows how it be, and how it do.
that's actually nice that the girls had a choice. in my neighborhood some of the catholic school girls would wear sweat pants under their skirts on the walk to school and then take the pants off once they got there.
in my school girls had to do a trouser protest in the 90s to get the option of trousers. glad boys are getting their say too hopefully we can change super strict dress codes. one year my school got funny about kids wearing coats in winter because they made the school look scruffy. didn't last long after a protest
at my catholic school the girls were allowed to wear pants or shorts instead of the skirts in the winter or summer but most chose to just go with the skirts.
personally, i hope males being able to wear skirts and dresses catches on and becomes a normal option. down here in south florida it's so muggy for 8 months out of the year that it would be a welcome relief.
boys used to wear shorts and knee socks. incidentally, "boys in shorts and knee socks" feels like something i should probably not have in my search history.
there are totally classrooms without air conditioning in the south. the portable classrooms that all the poor overcrowded elementary schools used were constantly having their shitty portable ac units break, and they never got fixed.
it's good that they are taking a stand against inequality between boys and girls at their school. boys have a right to be comfortable in the heat too.
they didn't admit they were wrong, they just didn't want to go through the trouble. hard to enforce a rule no one follows.
i'm sure you could find some. most people have an above-average number of legs anyways.
can confirm- i wore a kilt once for halloween and i've never been so sexually harassed by women in all my life.
my teacher friends does it like this: he is really strict at the begining absolutely no leeway is given. then when they accept him as authority he tries to connect withthem on a personal level so they want to do what he says. he said that worked wonders for him and i have no doubt as he manages the worst classes in his schools.
just do it bro. thats how it becomes socially acceptable. when you don't give a fuck.
"what are you wearing under your kilt?" is a line i heard all the time when my brother owned a kilt.
maybe the boys should ask the girls not to shave their legs for a while, just to see what happens.
well lucky for me my parents were the ones who taught me to question things so they could only be so annoyed by my shenanigans
if an adult confiscated my child's coat in the middle of winter, i would be at the school anyway, and on a warpath.
yeah, texan checking in here. 86 is fuckin *niceeeeee*.
i think so too because they let go of the rule pretty much immediately after as if waiting for someone to point out there stupid rule.
that's understandable. my son's last day of school here in texas was june 1. he goes back august 28. it's still above 30 c though during that time. on the other end of the spectrum, texas schools close if ice/snow is on the ground.
when we grew up and went to school, there were certain teacher who'd hurt the children in anyway they could
that guy's pronunciation is pretty awful for someone who's supposed to be knowledeable. like he keeps pronouncing kshatriya as ka-sha instead of ksha. such an egregious mistake, just kind of grating to hear.
what of poles that we can't observe or verify? i believe there are only so many poles we can identify and use, but everything else requires the one capability unique to humans, belief. imho, suspending belief and only assenting to verifiable knowledge will only hinder humanity.
i don't think adamson claims to be an expert about it, which is why he does it in conjunction with ganeri. i guess it doesn't bother me because he's clear enough and at the very least consistent. then again i'm so used to speakers butcher french and german (and english) philosophical terms, so it's hard to get too worked up about it.
feels like a alternative historical account of deleuze and guattari. i've been listening to his indian philosophy "without any gaps" that he does in conjunction with peter adamson and it's quite interesting.
english isn't my native language, and despite being fluent in it, i've had a hard time reading this text, and this passage that you quoted specifically. could you tell me if i am getting it right? from what i've understood, this passage suggests that we should face life with an open mind, and not be dogmatic and think that only one way of seeing things(as science) will be the best. it suggests that we should make use of a practical attitude of living totally in the present, do not judge others people or things (example as to block out any kind of learning that would emerge from such encounter). the part of stasis/flux and causal interconnections is quite unclear to me... anyone care to elucidate? thanks in advance!
really fascinated by this: "a naya is not a proposition but a practical attitude, a strategy or policy that guides enquiry: it is an approach to the problem of producing knowledge, not a proposition about the sources of justification. one such policy might be to attend only to what is immediately present in experience, another might be to enumerate everything one encounters without making any categorical distinctions, another to attend to stasis rather than flux, or to causal interconnections rather than to essential attributes." thank you for sharing this. knowledge is difficult to attain (socrates seems to think it impossible) but strategies like these at coming closer to knowledge are truly a breath of fresh air during times of such chaos.
there is a epistemological framework that state that distinctions are the basis for grasping reality. without tracing distinctions, you can't see anything. it may be an illusion, but it might be a necessary one.
there seems to be a whole lot of stuff hanging off the biblical reference to a tree. first, the "tree of knowlegde" in the bible is not the tree of all knowledge...it is the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. second, among the majority of biblical scholars it is considered purely literary/metaphorical. it does not have an actual species. ok, interesting discussion here otherwise. please carry on.
he does frequently apologize for his weak pronounciation though.
this all sounds a bit like "alienation of labor" from marxism. i could be totally wrong, i went to culinary school and learned all of my philosophy from stoned college kids.
it's going through examples of strategies to gain knowledge (or at least ways of examining the possibility of gaining knowledge). the first two methods as you mentioned are 1) only paying attention to things that are present and around you or 2) examining things as they come without making judgements about them. the first of the other two methods is to only examine things that are in stasis 'stay the same' as opposed to usual methods of examining things in flux 'that are changing'. the second is to examine a things 'causal connections' to other things rather than any specific attribute of the thing itself. by causal connections it mean the way it effects other objects or concepts, what it causes to happen.
you've misinterpreted this piece, it does not make a relativist claim that all ideas are of equal value. it makes the claim that there exists different legitimate approaches to **producing** knowledge, not that all sources of **justification** are legitimate. i would recommend you reread the second and third paragraphs.
treebeard once said: "things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." but that's also what my old roommate would say after a bong rip..
what did your buddy snorting the rails of cocaine use to say? ;)
the tree of knowledge is civilization, totalitarian agriculture, and man taking his life into his own hands. where before we lived in the hands of god as other animals do, we now play god on our own and routinely feel the consequences of the original sin. daniel quinn ishmael
by definition, it is a talent or ability. juggling, cooking, public speaking. it's a specific function that can be exercised, developed and has a tangible, observable outcome. confidence, if you think about it, is faith in yourself and your abilities. it's more of a demeanour (or, as i said, a trait) than anything else.
because confidence isn't a task. you *are* confident. there are skills associated with confidence, but confidence itself is a disposition.
a skill is a skill. social, mechanical, physical or whatever. just because you may not like the particular skill someone is commenting on, doesn't give you the right to ban them or shame them from using iwtl. if you don't like the skill or issue that someone is discussing, don't read it! it really is that simple.
the only way to be confident is to act confident and hope it eventually sticks. i'm not a very confident person and introverted to boot, though fairly sociable. there are a ton of people who think i'm an extrovert based solely on baseless bravado that i throw off as confidence. to be confident, you only need to fake it till you make it.
i agree, but without categorizations, why bother with different subreddits?
the problem i have with soft skills here is that i think their learning processes generally need to be more suited to the actual person. for a hard skill, any procedures or resources can be applicable to pretty much anyone. soft skills are often like: "here's *my* problem, how do *i* go about solving it?" for hard skills it's almost always "how does *one* go about learning this?" and that's why soft skill requests are repeated more often. they're more likely to be about the person than the subject, so more people want to post their own thing instead of searching. basically i think soft skills should be allowed, but people should try to keep both requests and responses general so it's useful for everyone. personal advice is better suited to a different sub.
but you're advocating placing them all in the same pot... there are no "different fields" when everything is in the same field. that's what categorization is for. you need different fields if you are to cross them
i'm trying to figure out what the hell everyone is complaining about.
just because you only know of the one way to do it doesn't make it less of a skill...
very true, but i personally feel that if i'm going to bother someone with a question i should at least take the time to phrase it and work on it a little bit. i know, it isn't going to catch on, but i'll keep trying.
right. so then, when a person comes to you and asks "i want to learn to be confident", then they are asking you what tangible, observable things that they can do in order to develop a sense of confidence. i think that the "observable" part might be where the confusion lies: a feeling of confidence is observable *to the person who experiences the feeling*. but not anyone else. they can look at that persons actions and judge whether or not they seem confident, but cannot observe the persons emotions directly. like i've said though, just because its not something you can do, doesn't make it any less observable. the person performing the act will be able to judge whether or not the strategy they have developed has increased their sense of confidence, and that makes anything that they have done to gain that a skill. it just doesn't seem like it from an outside perspective.
i think you might be a bit of a "bitter dick". i think of this subreddit as a place to learn tips and tricks to becoming better as a person (including the emotional management).
because ideas grow better when you let them cross-germinate in different fields.
if you could improve your height with practice then height would be a skill.
right there in the sidebar: "*iwanttolearn is meant to help people who are looking for help starting a major project or learning a new skill.*" right there with you, this stuff isn't supposed to be here.
if you think critically about the question, you can see that a person isn't actually asking to learn how to confidence, but what things they can do to achieve confidence. those things, taken together, are a skill. all you've presented is a semantic argument.
i'm sort of torn. social skills are still skills. not being awkward around guys/girls isn't exactly learning to play guitar, but it is something to learn nonetheless. maybe it should be upon the mods to push those kinds of questions to the right place. threads like this aren't exactly welcoming to newcomers, and those newcomers may not fully grasp what this sub is to be about. a friendly nudge would probably be sufficient.
using the example "iwtl how to not feel anxiety in social situations", this is a broad and generic skill, and without a much more refined question it cannot bear any real help. a better question would be "iwtl anxiety management techniques" or "iwtl scientific methods to manage anxiety." the broad question can be approached this way, but a more refined question fits this sub better and will more likely yield results for the poster, as these questions ask for a specific skill.
if we're arguing about whether or not something is a skill, that *is* a semantic argument.
i see your point, but what you're referring to is more of a phrasing than the question itself. for example, when i read the op, i disagreed because iwtl is iwtl, not iwtl a specific skill. unfortunately, wanting people to prase things a certain way is really fruitless. if everyone could ask questions about certain things in a clear, concise way that would yield the best results, we'd all be sitting around holding hands and singing kumbaya.
i blame the people who upvote them more than anything.
thats an excellent personal criteria for judging whether or not you vote and comment on a post, but it doesn't work as well when it's a general rule.
but you can practice confidence via different techniques and you learn to become confident. i would say that's a skill. yes some people are more naturally confident, but i know that at times i have learnt to become more confident (although deep down still having no confidence still) and became a better person due to it. blegh, i hope this makes sense... i'm drunk...
yes, and i am stating that you have not presented anything other than that semantic argument. do you have any objections to the ideas themselves?
the only common thing between java and javascript is the name.
hate to bombard you with questions, but...is it possible to make simple rpg/jrpg games with javascript? also, does codeacademy teach java script?
true, but life is much easier if you choose a specialization that has a high opportunity/dreamchasers ratio. becoming an edm dj or freelance photographer? horrible idea, the number of opportunities out there is tiny compared to the masses of people also chasing the same dream. electrical or mechanical engineering? much better. accounting? probably the best, but there's few people who desire to become accountants for a damn good reason. the relatively high and stable pay makes up for it, however.
japanese on duolingo is supposedly very bad and at times, incorrect. just as a warning. duolingo isn't the greatest language learning resource. it's okay for more basic languages.
i've been learning french and japanese on duolingo. it's so easy and accessible. and keeping a daily streak for any habit will help, so keep that in mind.
java: make simple video games. then jump to android (it's actually java). you'll learn an invaluable skill.
people here have the right idea. the world you're going to come out into is going to be heavily dominated by computer programming.
i've heard that, my question was which is better to learn (especially if you want to get into app development)?
specialization is valued in our economy. if computer programming is your thing then go ahead. if its not, then do something else.
if yer a furry then yeah, not hard. well, i guess something might be...
no idea, never had spanish. i do know a bit of french.
you would sound like a perfectly authentic francophone speaking english!
faked british accents aren't cool in my opinion. mostly because i went to school with a really annoying girl who always tried to impress by putting on her most posh stupid accent in class. ugh. hated her. she wasn't even that great at english. usually i don't mind my own accent since i can't hear it too much but sometimes i get self conscious about the fact that it'll stick with me forever, even if i move to an english speaking country. i don't wanna be that foreigner nobody can talk to because while they're speaking english, you have no idea what they're saying because of a heavy accent.
great story, i wonder how these kids (all grown up now) feel about the creation of an independent kurdish state which is closer than ever. the iraqi krg are holding a referendum on a kurdish state/kurdish independence very soon, and the sdf and ypg/ypj have almost a de facto state in the north of syria.
but a porcupine concubine could be a thing ya know ?
how the hell is hmm-mmh supposed to be pronounced? do you mean mmh- hmm?
sure, eliza dushku, who is faith from buffy, her family is from albania. she went a few years back and did some stuff there and got an eagle tattoo.
some were very young when they left. one said that her first memory was the red cross air drops of food while they walked to turkey.
we use both, didn't know british don't use yelling. there's also hollering here.
[](/ppseesyou "hello flair") horses or no horses, that's really not a question when you just want light conversation :p [](/sp) also i feel like geography classes and history classes over the world don't mention much of albania maybe to send the message that it's a boring country ;)
i still worry about using the word "chagrin" because for the longest time i didn't know if the "ch" was hard or soft. (afaik it's soft - "sha-grin")
the word that fucks me up the most, as a native (american) english speaker is jaguar. is it jag-war or jag-u-ar? i only hear people rich enough to own one (the car, not the cat) say it the second way, but i'm not rich enough to own one so idk.
don't worry, i'm 16, live in america, and have no clue what a concubine is
hey, i love dirty jokes. make it anyway. boy can i relate to that last line. sometimes i forget my own accent and switch to an extremely southeastern, extremely irritating accent that i probably picked up from spending so much time with our relatives who live in a southeastern town. i also roll my r's all the time. doesn't help that in my native language the rolled r and the soft r are separate letters.
i've visited tirana, it was mind blowing cause we went in february and it's the farthest south i've been inside europe (am from estonia myself). freaked out lots of people because i refused to wear a coat in something like 15 degrees - we were having -10 at home so i had no interest in giving a fuck.
i wouldn't know. i'm hoping to ditch my accent anyway. i barely use my native language anymore, lol. despite living here still. communication is easier in english.
there isn't really a modern use for it. a man might have a mistress or a 'kept woman' but generally speaking he's not trying to use them for backup kids if his wife can't produce an heir. you could live a perfectly normal life without ever knowing what it meant.
oh god i really hope you didn't refer to morbid things as mormon out loud i would have died of embarrassment
that made me smile lol. thank you. fortunately i'm getting over my stutter bit by bit, and now it's pretty much only there when i'm around strangers or some pretty girl. lmao. also, i love your attitude towards all this stuff. you sound like a fun person to be around.
english is fun like that. like, hy-per-bo-le, not hy-per-bole. why is it "pronunciation" while you "pronounce"? the list is endless!
english is my native language and i've honestly never heard condominium used, like ever. i googled it, they're just flats aren't they?
yeah, she's albanian. also fun fact, the eagle is our national symbol which explains the tattoo. our flag is a two headed eagle too. we're badass as fuck.
i'm definitely going to pronounce it "an-tell-oh-pee" now.
maybe plethora you were getting confused with poinsettia?
it's kind of funny since you know her... but as someone who has similar problems, i would highly encourage you to help her pronounce things correctly. i say a few things oddly/incorrectly (and i can't hear the difference/it sounds right in my head but my mouth doesn't do the right thing) and it makes my coworkers lose respect for me and generally people think i'm less intelligent (when that isn't the case, i received excellent grades in university and excel at work). it's very frustrating and could cause self esteem issues for some people (luckily, i know myself well enough that i can brush it off/get irritated with myself rather than sad). please. do her a favour and *help her learn* to do it right, or she'll have more difficulty as she gets older. don't giggle about it because that type of attention might make her think it's ok to sound dumb and that is something you'll both regret when she's trying to break into a professional setting.
that's why i figured i'd point it out! i know that sort of thing can get lost in translation with second languages
i know and i don't get the logic. the hell do you mean it's not ar-kansas?
points out what? also, if you don't mind me asking, which sounds do you usually make instead of th?
i am dutch. i know a bit of french and german, and english obviously.
mother theresa and john belushi also are albanian!
i used to read the word 'misled' as 'mizzled' and thought it meant something like annoyance or feeling indignation. i was 18 when i found out it was not a word. i still use it sometimes because i like it.
when i was in middle school, saddam was really cracking down on the kurdish population and a lot of them were being given political asylum in the us. i was volunteering with an old teacher with some kids who were upper elementary through early high school. they were fresh off the boat. most had been in refugee camps for years. their english was not so good, but they wanted to learn the language and the customs of the us. one of the best phrases was, "it's too much hot outside." we would go to the beach regularly (which you do in san diego) and they would always yell "we're going to the bitch." pronunciation wasn't where it was supposed to be. they were good kids. i still use the phrase, "it's too much hot outside."
i... have no words. i like you man. hey, i think the little things like "weird" accents and speech impediments make listening to a person talk more fun, though i probably am a huge hypocrite for saying that because i have an awkward stutter and loathe myself very deeply for it. i doubt you sound as silly as you think.
i'm in britain and when i first came here i used to say yelling instead of shouting (yelling is american i learned) and i used to pronounce yogurt - yo(as in the greeting)gu(didnt really pronounce the r correctly)t
i think so too, but i also think everyone is their worst critic. i am by far my worst critic. most people never mention the little quirks that my speech has, really. and don't feel bad about having a stutter. i mean, samuel l. jackson has one and is one of the most beloved actors in the whole film industry! i cannot say that i know the struggle, but anyone who gives you a tough time for something as small as a stutter isn't worth your time anyhow. it's the little things that make us unique!
oh god, it seems like every class has that girl. i'm not a judgamental person but i really don't like those people. accents almost always go away on their own, after enough exposure. my uncle learned english in his 20s, then worked with americans for a good two years, and after that his native accent was inaudible when he spoke english, so that's not something you should worry about too much. i personally don't want to "grow out" of my accent, but that may have to do with the fact that i'm very pathriotic lol
epitome is a fun word. i can never remember the right way to pronounce it so it's a 50/50 chance of me getting it. luckily i don't use it often. as another non native english speaker i feel your pain. i've made myself look silly so many times, although mostly by mispronouncing things. i do tend to research words so i know how to use them, as i come upon them.
well that's one lifetime of doubt solved. thank you! i just don't know whether medicine is said like medi-sayn or medi-sin, or whether direction is said like die-rection or dee-rection. i get this ee vs ay/ey problem quite a lot
i feel you on the epitome thing. fortunately i was told that even native speakers get that wrong a lot too, so you don't have to worry too much about the 50% of the time that you pronounce it wrong. lmao my best friend (he's from england, we know each other through the internet) will never stop making fun of me for pronouncing extremely like ex-trem-ley or pronouncing british like "braytish" for the longest time
when i was young i read *a lot* like and absolute ton of books. so that would often expose me to words that are not often spoken in day to day conversation. one such word was "awry". so fast track to 9th grade and we are reading "of mice and men" and my english teacher (who was awesome) explains the old saying that inspired the title "the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry". when he pronounces awry, i promptly corrected him. he looked at me weirdly and said "that's not how you pronounce it!" so i was pronouncing it like aw-ry (with the ry being pronounced like the ree in reed, it kind of sounded like erie) but the way my teacher was pronouncing it was like the ending sounded like rye. turns out i was completely wrong but because of only ever reading the word in books and never hearing it, i had made up a pronunciation that i, in my infinite wisdom deemed "the only way". i was a complete doofus.
i have a few friends there, they pronounce it ar-can-saw
everyone points it out to me at some point. it's pretty annoying because my ex's best friend would mock me for it every time it happened. at least i know i'm not alone in my inability to pronounce it!
things have changed. it's gotten a lot colder over here, so you'd no longer get weird looks from not wearing a coat in 15 degrees. also tirana may be the capital, but it's not even the best city. the south has plenty of cool places you should check out if you ever visit us again, like butrint or himara.
oh that reminds me, that one of the first things i (repeatedly and increasingly angrily) asked my poor exchange partner in school was "how much watch is it?", being convinced that this is how you ask for the time in english. on a other occasion, i thought it would be a good idea to learn english from books like alice in wonderland. this resulted in a rather awkward oral exam where i used "i beg your indulgence" to ask for permission to speak. (much to the amusement to our teachers)
a lot of people point out my speech impediment when it's on a word that is changed by it. i can't say "three," i say, "free." it gets confusing and people say "free what...?" that's not a big deal, i just clarify that i can't pronounce the word "three" and they understand. but "brother," is my least favorite word in this regard. my ex's friend would always repeat how i say the word as soon as i said it. "so, my bruvver and i were hanging out and-" "ha, bruvver!" it always made me not want to finish the story because it made me so self-conscious of this one thing that i can't pronounce that seemingly everyone else can. she did this a lot and i never stuck up for myself. the "th" sound can be a v, f, d, or t to me. it's super annoying.
if you didn't already know, you might want to add knowing the distinction between "compilation" and "compulation". that one bit me in the butt for a long time.
correct. we like being conveniently close to greece so we can steal their olive oil with ease.
that's fantastic! i am sure you know more russian, german and italian than i -- even if you don't think you do! :) i commend you for learning other languages - that's quite a skill to have and know! :)
jesus that's sad. people forget that iraq wasn't a sunny paradise when saddam and the baathists were in power. did you learn some kurdish from them?
my partner is native english speaker, but because he grew up reading a lot rather than talking to other people, some of his pronunciations are a bit off. bagels are "baag-ells", prius is "pry-uss", and graham is "grey-ham" among other things. if he makes a mistake, he says "my bag" instead of "my bad", because he apparently mis-heard it the first time and then just kept hearing it that way.
yeah, which definitely showed that j. k. rowling doesn't no shit about albania other than that it's eastern and remote and mysterious or something.
i am fluent in english (consider it more my primary than secondary) but most of my vocab comes from reading a lot of books. this means some of those words i never heard out loud and so i would have to make educated guesses. my friend had to tell me i was pronouncing "courtesy" incorrectly. the word "court" is in there, how was i supposed to know it was "curt-esy"? also lingerie was weird. learned how to say it right by a friend in high school. kind of the opposite but the word "cancel" is for warped in my mind so i can never hear it in my head correctly. i can say it out loud just fine though lol.
this is the curse of book worms everywhere! i've lost count of how many words i've pronounced wrong because the spelling is so completely off from how they sound. the most recent one was cliche. i always pronounced it as "click" for some reason until a friend corrected me. i'm 35 and a native english speaker.
okay, so this reminds me of my friend so much i had to comment. my friend calls everyone son, and he is the youngest sibling of his family, so he was talking to his sister when we were going out to eat and he was like "sit down, son!" so she responds with "okay, dad." he freaked out lol! he was like "don't call me that!" it was so hilarious, i think he finally realized how awkward calling his siblings son was haha.
fwiw, there are parts of the south where people pronounce initial "th" as a "d." so they'll say "ovah dei-uh" for "over there."
well we have surrogates now. i guess that's functionally the same. and "mistress"... you mean side chick?? since we're talking about modern words for things lol.
well, she's not wrong with what she knows. i was personally overjoyed when i saw my country mentioned in my most favorite book series ever. 7 year old me was crying so hard.
do you know how to pronounce spanish? use the spanish vowels: puteitou - putaatou tumeitou - tumaatou the u is not quite like the u in spanish though, maybe closer to the french ou?
i thought mormon and morbid were the same until i was 12.
i only visited 2 years ago, has it really changed that much since? didn't get to pick out where i was going since it was school related, but i'll definitely keep it in mind if i happen down there again.
english spelling is just too irregular to be used to explain how to pronounce things haha anyway, the *potato* and *tomato* difference is in the *a* in the middle: drawn out *aa* like in *aah* the interjection, or a short *ay* like the second a in *anyway* ooh i think i managed to explain! ???
i've heard of it, but only because it was mentioned in harry potter.
spanish is my first language but i'm an english teacher, and i still struggle with words like 'order' or 'tartar'. if i can i just pronounce them like i have a british accent
i think foreign accents are really cool, and i am not just saying this because i have one. it's just really cool that you're listening to this person from an entirely different background with a different culture and language communicating with you in a language that you both understand, and the accent is proof of that. that being said, that best friend's ex boyfriend is definitely guilty of bullying me into having a semi-british accent for a full year.
aw, thank you. but i really can't speak italian or german to save my life. i hated having to take italian at school and german just won't get through my head, but i'll see how russian goes. it's a language i actually *want* to learn, so...
english is my first language and i just learned what concubine means
english is my mom's first and only language. i learned a few days ago she's been pronouncing "falcon" wrong. be proud you're able to learn a second language!
albania may be much more well known than you think. don't sell yourself short. your ancestors had guts. they survived the worst of humanity could offer.
tartar is hard because there a two allophonic pronunciations that mean different things. when pronounced tar-t*e*r, it means an pre-modern steppe people, and variety a of mayonnaise-based sauce often served with seafood, which is inexplicably named in their honor when pronounced tar-t*a*r, if refers to potassium bitartrate, a carboxlyic acid that is a common byproduct of wine-making. in short, english orthography is only marginally predictive of a given word's pronunciation.
you should start putting on an irish accent, then you can pronounce all your th's as t's and no one will notice.
english isn't my native language and sometimes i blank out on the basic english words (like dresser) and replace it with the czech equalivent.
much of learning english pronunciation is just about hearing the words in context a lot (because the pronunciation doesn't make sense, you just have to hear it enough to remember it instinctively). you mentioned you were from albania. do you tend to dub movies there? if so, i suggest starting to watch more movies and tv-series with the original english speech. that's a very good way to learn pronunciation. i'm from norway, and here we only tend to dub cartoons. movies and tv-shows just have subtitles. i think that's one of the main reasons that 80-90 % of the population knows english. as for the word "medicine", it is pronounced like "medi-sin" or "med-uh-sin"
i'm 35. learned english since i was 8. living in the uk for 12 years now. working with english people and communicating freely in casual and corporate talk. still can't pronounce 'categories' correctly.
i am a native speaker and i distinctly remember doing exactly that when i was young.
english is my first and only language, for most of my life i thought melee was pronounced meallea.
thanks! i've got it covered - i'm actually a speech therapist (although i will admit that giving "therapy" to your own child is *nothing* like working with a client, and probably less effective.) anyway, i do work with her on difficult words, breaking them down and giving her strategies like choosing another word that means the same thing. but for hallelujah there was just no hope.
i'm a native english speaker and until i was 21 i pronounced the name penelope like penna-lope instead of pin-ell-uh-pee
you're not stupid; you're just a non-native english speaker making a few mistakes with a *super* confusing and jumbled language; i literally can't imagine how hard it is for non-native speakers to nail down the numerous quirks, exceptions, and oddities of the english language.
i just realized i actually pronounce comfortable like comfor table.... had to google the right pronunciation. i feel so silly now
pronuncation is so damn confusing. i'm fluent in english but i still have no idea how to pronounce some every day words, like "library", "medicine" or "direction". i just mumble and pray.
oh god, how did you even word the weed sentence? what did you think you were saying?
same. mine is spanish (i don't know yours) and from spending so much time here i already think in a hybrid english and spanish
mine's albanian. i agree, it's easier to think in a mix of ebery language you know.
some guy at work asked me if i was republican or dominican.
taking a porcupine as a concubine would not, i imagine, be pleasant! thank you for sharing this!
great, you just solidified "albania" as "olive oil stealing thugs". i hope your country's proud! :')
i just recently learned how you pronounce lingerie. took a lot of laughter from my friends though.
i use and read english every day, on reddit, youtube, everywhere, yet sometimes i need to check online for translation of common, everyday words. today for example i had to look up "performance" (which, btw, is a word used here as well) because i didn't remember the translation from my language. one thing i never understood (and am too lazy to do a research about) is the difference between ape, monkey and chimp. we have one word for all "generic monkey-like animal" in my language.
you mean 'copulation'? or 'computation'? seriously, google search for 'compulation' only shows results for misspelled 'compilation'.
one of my best friends in high school used to talk about rowing, like fighting? and all i could think of was, "as in...a boat?"
english is my native language and i only this year finally understood both meanings of the word sorry. i before only understood it to mean i regret doing something like i'm sorry i broke your favorite vase grandma. i would get a bit confused when people would sorry for the death of someone else's loved one. "i'm sorry your uncle burnie died" "why are you sorry did you kill him". in my second language esperanto in such a situation one says kompaton which means compassion to you or mercy to you. comparing these two i finally understand sorry also communicates the same basic idea.
again, thank you. who knows how much potential embarrassment you've saved me. my native tongue is albanian. i swear, if you've ever heard of albania i'm going to be seriously amazed.
it's nothing, son. (don't mind me, i tend to call people son. i even call my dog son.)
oh, chimps are the abbreviation of chimpanzees? then we do have a word for it. so is ape a synonym of primate?
i can't even say! it sounded *nothing* like hallelujah, though! howl-uh-jew-luh how-jew-loo-luh howa-lew-jew-juh she just couldn't get it!
i've always been curious, i'm serbian and our national symbol is also a two-headed eagle. why do you think it's like that? byzantine influences?
aw, that's actually really cute. how did she pronounce hallelujah, if you don't mind me asking?
chimps are chimpanzees and apes are like a grouping of animals like gorrlias and humans and monkeys are apes with tails.
i was going to make a dirty joke, but i don't want to come off as a jerk! for the longest time, i couldn't pronounce melancholy. i didn't realize it was pronounced "melon-collie" and terribly marred it to the point where i can't write how i pronounced it. i also cannot pronounce the "th" sound and roll my r's by accident. i'm a native speaker, i just suck at speaking my native language!
i've heard of albania! i only know one person from there though, skanderbeg! only know it from euiv though, used them to skewer the silly kebab(ottoman empire).
oh don't worry i don't mind at all! i just figured i'd let you know in case it could help in the future
oh! haha, i don't think i've even posted much there. small world, eh?
glad to know i'm not the only one who thought it was pronounced like that!
i'm american and i've heard of albania! it's where voldemort hid in the harry potter series
i was going to say that the only difference between a porcupine and concubine is in whether you give or receive a prick. yeah, i have no idea where the rolled r's come from for me. i live in a rural town in the northeastern us, so you'd think i'd have a really backwoods sounding accent. but no, my r's are rolled, my "th" noise is nonexistent, and i sometimes turn my l-sound into the sound you make when you pronounce the letter y. it's a weird bunch of speech-impediments that make me sound silly.
english is our second language in our country. as a kid, my wife thought "perishable goods" meant something for the parish.
hah i was browsing serious conversation and read one of your comments, and i thought "dang taalnatie is familiar!" now i realize why!
i'm the opposite. i use english so much (on the internet, of course) that sometimes i forget words in my native language and use the english equivalent, but with an atrocious accent and bad pronuncation.
i also used them interchangeably and was never corrected. i wonder why that is.
i learned english mostly from books, games, and paper dictionaries (this was in 90's pre-internet). so i had trouble with words that had double meaning in slang or colloquial language. when i went as exchange student, i remember these: - "date" - had couple of girls to ask me out on a date - i didn't understand what they wanted and i unwittingly turned them down (still feel a little cringely when i think about that) - "mess" - i had couple of people think i shat my pants when i just wanted to say they got a bit muddy because it was raining outside - "weed" - i accidentally had someone send me a dealer because they though i wanted to buy marijuana. it was a bit awkward when a car stopped by me at 10 pm trying to sell me weed and i had no idea what he was talking about.
lol they are very, very different things! this reminds me of a friend's wife. english is not her native language and they were driving by some condominiums. so as they were passing them she told her husband, look at all those condoms!
i used "than" and "then" interchangeably until around 7th or 8th grade. not a single english teacher ever corrected me on my papers ever. english is also not my first language, but i had been going to school in the us since 3rd grade.
i try to avoid saying it unless it's in an obvious joking manner but i do agree that i'm not the best at judging whether it's appropriate to joke around or not. thank you lol
colonel. that word just fucked me up. (it's pronounced like kernel!)
that made me chuckle. i love kids sometimes. and i think it was really nice of you that you volunteered to help refugees and all, too. ah yes, the good old beach vs bitch struggle. i know that too well. there's also the lesser known coke vs cock struggle.
then i guess it varies. maybe your teachers were still very exposed to their native tongue and spoke it constantly?
i live and work in an english speaking environment, and consider myself close to fluent. but my brain refuses to call styrofoam anything but flamingo. hey, where did we put those flamingo boxes? alway get confused looks, and then i get confused, cause my brain just wont accept that styrofoam is not called flamingo in english.
know the feel, haha. i have many friends from england as well and constantly get bullied for how i pronounce pretty much everything. ain't my fault i have an accent, guys :(
well i have my doubts based mainly on my english teacher who was a brit that had lived in my country for 30 years and still had a thick accent. and the russian chemistry teacher in high school who had also been here for like 25+ years..
eminent and imminent being disparate, marginally different, words is irksome to me, for some reason.
i get that too! i only remember that 15 in italian is quindici because i was reading something out loud in italian class and read the number 15 in my mother tongue instead, and everyone rushed to correct me while laughing.
that made me chuckle. that little misunderstanding must've made your life sound pretty interesting until you cleared it up.
so, you heard the word "concubine" and thought of your friend's wife, huh?
"eppitomee" somehow i never had trouble with that one. or most words, really. english pronunciation is a huge inconsistent clusterfuck and i have *no idea* how i can tell how everything is pronounced but i usually can.
i lived on koch lane in america for years. there was no consensus pronunciation of it. i heard cork, coke, cosh, cock, cotch, corsh, but never the actual german pronunciation of koch (like scottish loch). i gave up and just spelled it.
are you *getting* or *catching* crabs while having sex on a crab fishing boat?
i know, like half of their bullshit is actually decent. i just wish that the other half was the old discovery channel. then maybe i'd pay for cable again
so we get smarter everyday, vsauce.... and then... colin furze shows up and the whole cycle seems to be repeating itself.
that's nuts, i feel like that song was *everywhere.*
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i told my wife that tlc stood for "the learning channel," and she absolutely did not believe me. shit's depressing.
that sounds like putting the cart before the horse by my recollection. you *could* download things like that by the time mtv went bad but casual streaming was still a few years away.
i hate when people think bloodhound gang was a one hit wonder band. i own all of their albums and the are all fantastic.
my horrible alcoholic degenerate of a father loved that song, and as bad as our relationship was, air guitaring next to him while getting a lift to school will always be one good memory i keep. oddly, another one is putting my cat down when i was a kid, and having "walk of life" on the muzak at the vet office. finally, romeo and juliet was playing the time my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend in high school. i'm admittedly tepid about dire straits, but i'll be damned if they haven't randomly imprinted into my life more than most bands i listen to constantly.
discovery channel really sucks now. it's all this semi scripted, docu-soap style crap. they need to show more animals having sex.
look at us, making shower thoughts in shower thoughts.
"the bad touch" by the bloodhound gang, just in case you are wondering, haven't read comments to see if someone has said it.
maybe wet dreams are just young guys being raped by ghosts.
it's also very predictable and yet still entertaining. "the crew of the wizard is not having a good day." "keith sucks! this sucks! we've been up 48 hours, we're only getting 10 crab per pot. this is not what i signed up for!" "a hundred twenty six miles northeast, the northwestern comes up on the pots it left to soak before it went to dutch harbor. tensions are still really high." crew member: "fucking sig, man, i can't believe he said that shit in harbor." sig: "oh they're fishermen, fishermen talk shit sometimes. i'm just hoping that these pots are full of crab so people get the fuck over themselves." pot comes up. "holy shit! we got crab!!" sig: "that's what i'm talking about!" crew member: "yeah i still hate what sig said but we're like, a family, you know, and good work is good work."
one of the songs my dad liked. if i hear it i'm blasting it.
as a child i never realised this spells fuck in the military alfabet, the things you miss as a kid..
farouk, farouk, farouk is on fire. we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn. burn motherfucker burn. what did farouk do to piss off the bg?
i mean almost 20 years, id say that's a decent chunk of a lifespan.
cky? yes actually. the singer left the band now though and chad ginsburg(guitarist) does vocals now. it's....odd. i don't know if i like it yet. they're doing warped tour this year
speaking of ghosts and showers; if ghosts are real, they are absolutely touching themselves while watching us in the shower.
they still make some damn good music. still juvenile as they were when i was 13 too
don't forget deron now has a new band, 96 bitter beings. also a bit odd but they have the benefit of having the voice of cky, they still play cky songs live.
brum brwaaah bwumm bra brum bra brow brum, brum brum brum bra brum bra bra
i really wouldn't mind having the crab fishing show* if on the rest of the time i got good science programs. * i actually like the crab show... :(
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about.
this also applies to the history channel. i think tlc is too far gone to save...
damn, people have some uptight work environments if the word "penis" is nsfw.
i ain't afraid of no **sleep** i ain't afraid of no **bed**
just because you like them doesn't mean they aren't a one hit wonder. they fit the definition pretty well. they had one hit song they are known for.
bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bu-bu-bustin
there's literally an interview with the ceo where he explains that this is the case.
if ghosts are invisible and undetectable, you might be fucking one at this very second
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up
i'm 17 lol. should have specified closer my age than the whole generation of millennial ish age people nobody understood my reference :(
so put your hands down my pants, and i'll bet you feel nuts.
that aint workin...that's the way ya do it you get pregnant at 16 on the mtv
you reading this discovery executives? cause guess why no one is subscribing to cable anymore? we want intelligent programming, not rednecks hamming it up for the camera. wtf is wrong with you?
technically, a band needs to have a top-40 hit on the pop charts to be a "one hit wonder" and the bloodhound gang never had a top-40 song. bad touch, their only charting song, hit 52. and i'm a huge bloodhound gang fan.
i had the same shower thought and there are a few outdated references in that song!
i loved cky. not really a fan of the new stuff. since deron left the sound is different too. i didn't know he made a new band though. til
and coca-cola stock isn't flat, so it's still pretty inclined.
i highly doubt anything would want to touch itself if it sees my naked body
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up.
if they have just one song, it's "fire water burn" though. and this thread is about a totally different song which apparently a lot of people have heard, so that's at least two hits
sad story: i am the oldest person in my band by about 7 years (i'm 31). we were talking about this song, and one of our members, who knows the lyrics, goes "i didn't know this, do you know who sissel and eggert were?" i replied "movie critics" he was amazed that i knew (what he thought was) a very obscure piece of knowledge.
have you heard bloodhound gang's song titled " a lap dance is always better when the stripper is crying"? that some classy shit right there..that song never fails to make me laugh.
i agree that mtv would have a rough time playing just videos now, but they stopped being about music long before online streaming of videos was a thing.
he used the word latest correctly. what is your point?
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you'll feel nuts!
yeah, but the other things used to be good. like liquid television.
and it's not even than long since '99... that's depressing
changing it into "tlc", they would have sex with ghosts, really fat people, gypsies, midgets or totally crazy couponing-people.
i was lonelier than kunta kinte at a merle haggard concert that night i strolled on into uncle limpy's hump palace lookin' for love.
aww man. only now do i actually understand that line after seeing it written out and now i'm sad after realising that both of them are dead now
seriously, they stopped being about music like a decade before the music industry started allowing their music videos on youtube. it's like people don't even realize that the music industry was doing everything they could to kill youtube, until they just gave up.
kari is the hotest chick i have ever seen on a screen. i'm not even into redheads either
mtv started airing lots of reality programming in mid-90's, a decade before youtube was started.
can someone explain the "having sex on a crab fishing boat or with gold miners reference" for me? i googled it but didn't come up with anything as clear as the references.
eminems gotta cuss in his raps to sell records. well me too, so fuck will smith!
oh yeah, discovery channel used to be pretty cool before it was ruined by the ignorant masses who apparently prefer overly dramatic dumbasses fishing for crabs rather than discovering the wonders of the animal kingdom.
yeah, mtv stopped being a music channel when cds were still a thing.
if they didn't offer a discount for bundles, people would complain that they were paying the same amount for each service even though there is a reduced overhead for the company when you have multiple services. it isn't like there is a separate line for each service or separate billing, etc... now i can't say the discounts are necessarily proportionate, but there is at least some reason for bundles to exist that are not ridiculous.
i hope your pinto begins to spin and takes out a disabled vietnam veteran.
at least the part of the song that goes "and we would do it doggy style so we can both watch x-files" is still applicable.
i want you covered, want you smothered, like my waffle house hashbrowns
why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck out of here!
i wasn't aware either. i've had this screen name(not on reddit but various places on the internet) since i was literally 13, i feel like i should be more a super fan and up on this stuff but i'm not. i heard rumors that deron pulled some shady shit and chad booted him out of the band, but i'm glad he's still playing cky songs. they were my absolute favorite back in high school. i was on the street team and handed out stickers for the day infiltrate destroy rebuild was released. it was also hat day at school and i had this awful straw hat i colored with black markers to say "infiltrate. destroy. rebuild." around it
tlc? baaa haa haa. what a flaming pile of shit that channel is. i'm still pissed they have the balls to keep their name. what "learning" goes on there? i did learn about trashy gypsies and what wedding dress not to buy.
can confirm time period from username. this guy 90's.
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you feel nuts
*me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i think you're missing a few brums in the first line
fuck off m8 there's plenty of folks under 25 that love 80's and 70's music.
i am no papa, sir thinks a lot. but i am glad you're interested in the type of party where everyone gets shitfaced and evaluates the meaning of life and existence. it's fun :d
it's a great novel that i think everyone would benefit from reading. ishmael by daniel quinn
fun fact: a gorilla's average penis size is 4 inches. source: am science.
supervising others is easier. source: i've managed dozens of people at once, and i'm a single father, but managing myself is a struggle.
there are like 8 billion humans on the planet and like a few thousand gorillas? also, among the gorillas there was only one gorilla of the majesty of harambe. so the question is not "would you", but rather... how many more people would you put on the track to save harambe?
you either die as harambe or live long enough to be just another gorilla.
i cannot speak for you, sir. but my ancestors were not monkeys. they were orangutans. hard working, patriotic orangutans.
i thought smiling and dialin was an american saying. your spelling of center as centre, proves otherwise
it is a great book, and changed the way i approached thinking about civilization and progress. however in the many years since, i've come to realize how overly simplistic, and downright wrong ishmael is about what humans were (probably) like before the agricultural revolution. basically, it doesn't look like there were ever any true leaver cultures. we drastically reshaped and changed (and destroyed) our world long before we started farming. farming just gave us the ability to overpopulate. check out the books 1491 and sapiens, they make compelling arguments. i'd say reading ishmael and then studying anthropology is like learning about bohr-rutherford diagrams and then studying chemistry; a great foundation for the concepts, but in themselves oversimplified and inaccurate.
every time a phone rings, a telemarketer dies a little inside.
according to science, it's the shooter's fault, since they shot the gorilla. but morally, it's less certain. source: am science.
when i'm a billionaire, i plan to do exactly what you're describing with someone, but actually save them and give them a ton of money
i don't know anything about you, but you seem like a good person. - slowly dying in a cubicle farm.
i read the whole thing and i'm glad, even though you lost me at centaurs...
this is my favorite quote from anything, ever. when i have house parties and get a little too drunk i bust out the passage and make everyone reflect on how shitty we are. i'm a really fun host.
he's telling them the story of our lord and savior harambe
how do they each compare to the original, if you don't mind me asking? the first is an absolute favorite but i'm scared the others will mar my impression a bit if they don't hold up as well.
it's much easier to stop everyone else from eating the last doughnut than it is to stop yourself from doing it. to stop yourself you need insane levels of endurance, mental fortitude and self control, to stop everyone else you just need a riot shield and a taser.
only the third comment! if only ishmael was more popular than harambe.
yeah. well my team of 10 people. it was cold calling sales so it was a grinding, difficult, painful job. i'm not in that gig anymore, thankfully.
this is the exact reason why you will never be a billionaire
like if adam sandler died, would chris farley have made jack and jill?
coup was a inside job. civilians can't melt steel tanks.
i can get you out u/stormelemental13 but you must do exactly what i say. the cubicle across from you is empty. go to it. now! when i tell you, go to the office at the end of the hall, and use the scaffolding to get to the roof.
"so this kid falls into my enclosure and i'm like.."
those early autumn winds can bring a chill that kills even the heartiest of office people.
me too, and i'm proud to say harambe didn't even cross my mind.
"what does self actualization mean once we achieve the lesser stages of maslow's proposed hierarchical advance through life?" "covfefe"
"nah nah nah, see. everybody is focusing on the kid or the gun, but you gotta follow the bananas. who put the kid there? who knew what the zoo was forced to do? harambe was assassinated by the powers that be because he hooked up with one of their daughters. she had some big, big titties."
*when i say "dank"* *you say "memes!*" *...dank!*
don't worry, he said "again" implying that his staff were already dead once. he'll just reanimate them once his mp regenerates. plus everybody knows that call center telemarketers are really just an army of the undead.
i'm 22 now and slowly losing my eye sight, when do i get access to my adult super vision?
depending where you live, morning meetings could get a bit frosty. not the most pleasant.
it's worse to have lived and experience death than to never live at all -harambe probably
by daniel quinn, an excellent book that changed the way i thought about human history and our culture when i was a young teen. read it, please.
don't forget my ishmael as well. each book tells the story of a different student of ishmael's.
that itself is very profound. not one of us would have known the name if he had never been killed.
on that note, the story of b is also a great read. if you folks haven't read either of these books, do yourself a favor and read them now.
the original was persians and iranians. i had to replace that for proper context in our post-ape-colonized world.
instructions unclear, now i'm in shridevi's cubicle and he *really* likes his personal space...
why does this exist? this animal should be free. i hate how humans can just think this is okay. this animal deserves freedom just like you and i .
i only wish your username was papashmear. and to be invited to said house party.
that's one of the worst subs i've ever seen, yikes. there goes my last few brain cells.
"...but in this situation, who is the guilty party? the parent, the child, or the shooter? please consider this in your groups and then we'll have an open discussion on the harambe problem."
ha that's actually what i meant. mind explaining in excruciating detail?
"and that is why kids, ever since, we have and always insisted on dicks out."
 in 1930, the republican-controlled house of representatives, in an effort to alleviate the effects of the... anyone? anyone?... the great depression, passed the... anyone? anyone? the tariff bill? the hawley-smoot tariff act? which, anyone? raised or lowered?... raised tariffs, in an effort to collect more revenue for the federal government. did it work? anyone? anyone know the effects? it did not work, and the united states sank deeper into the great depression. today we have a similar debate over this. anyone know what this is? class? anyone? anyone? anyone seen this before? the laffer curve. anyone know what this says? it says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. this is very controversial. does anyone know what vice president bush called this in 1980? anyone? something-d-o-o economics. "voodoo" economics. bueller?... bueller?... bueller?
if a train was heading towards 3 humans tied to the tracks, but you could switch the tracks to hit one endangered gorilla on a separate set of tracks, would you?
 bringing back memories man. i despised that answer as a kid, teach me fuck. just telling me to believe you because you're older or my teacher isn't good enough. thankfully the internet came along just in time.
if you grew up in a religious environment where you were punished for saying "well that doesn't make sense..." then you learn early to suppress logic.
i teach in georgia (state). updated science standards are being rolled out here to specifically try to address this next year. most of the new standards ask the students to "obtain, evaluate and communicate" information, as well as to "plan and carry out an investigation" on various standard threads. the focus will be on students discovering the information themselves through investigation instead of simply being told what they need to know by the teacher. yes, this seems like common sense, especially for a science class, but it's better late than never i guess. it seems like most of my students are so used to information being handed to them that when they are asked to think critically, many just shut down.
memorization is not quite the right word. yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). it is the integration that makes it make sense to you. you can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. that is rote repetition until you can recite it. however you can easily recite it and not understand it. i know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. i think i understand what you were trying to say, i just have issues with the word memorization for it.
decreasing access to resources = less empathy. we're just like any other animal in that way.
glad i just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy.
so what most schools are trying to do is teach all kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own. but this is debatable as far as effectiveness. do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with? will it work with less capable students? there isn't any conclusive answers yet. but it seems to not be any worse so why not try. that said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned.
with common core, i explain its useful application in life. it trips me up that people try to defend the position against any use of common core math. try this the traditional way using mental math: 6,666 - 777 = ? people get confused trying to borrow 10 three times from the next place over. common core logic lets you measure the distance between tge two numbers: it takes 223 to get from 777 to 1,000 6,666 minus 1,000 is 5,666 5,666 plus 223 is 5,889 in expanded form to check the addition part: we know that 5000 + 600 + 200 + 60 + 20 +6 +3 = 5,800 + 80 + 9 = 5,889 but people think that thisis longer somehow. maybe different, but try writing out the traditional method in words similar to what i did. im an accountant and use common core tactics on a regular basis because i dont always have my laptop or even a pen and paper handy when certain things come up on the fly in an important meeting. it's extremely effective when youre trying to listen and make sense of the numbers
the main reason i dislike the hash tag is that, intentional or not, it is very similar to "feel the bern" and because of that many audiences will associate your idea with bernie sanders. for some audiences this may be construed as a positive, but for those audiences who disagree with his ideas will not give your idea the light of day and shun it without any thought.
that's good, though. the same thing is happening, from what i've heard, here in ca with common core in high school. students are butthurt that they have to actually work for the answers, because they were trained to memorize for the test. they're adapting, but it's hard. meanwhile, my mother in law teaches 1st grade, and they are easily picking up math that used to be 2-3rd grade material, where they used to struggle with the basics that she used to be teaching in 1st grade.
so basically teach people to learn how to learn effectively?
same. my initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern then i realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar. it might as well be "#do a smart"
it depends a lot on the area you are living in. i live in a relatively liberal area and columbus was indeed not taught as good. my cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on columbus.
i don't think people should be allowed to vote without photo id.
i disagree. empathy can hamper critical thinking and result in poor decision making. the human empathy response is triggered disproportionately to individuals and can leave the big picture unattended to. it can lock people into empathizing with a particular group at the expense of another. critical & rational thinking can transcend these pitfalls.
and the bread and butter of a stem degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity. if you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. the whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. where as in any la degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation.
if you want more critical thinkers, we as a society need more focus on stem as a whole.
agree with you. feelings aren't arguments. feelings aren't facts. feelings aren't mutually constituted.
i think the tie in is the fact that religious belief is so much more widespread and dominant in american society than it is in other western democracies. more than fifty percent of americans believe in a literal flood, that the earth is 6000 years old and that jesus rode into town on a dinosaur (the last one was sarcasm).
this is the primary basis of common core math. people who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills. and tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems. 7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense.
by teaching. teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts. it's met with resistance, but it's the only way. otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards.
one reason we don't have enough critical thinking is because we allow our teachers to be far too emotional with our children. many students spend more time with their teachers than they do with their families. this should not be allowed but we do it because school is tuition free child care. parents feel better when their child's teacher behaves like a surrogate. this leaves the bulk of a child's education up to the school and many schools are very opinionated. i agree we need more critical thinkers, but that would mean we need children to spend more time at home in order to prevent too much similar thought. everyone's families is a bit different and that is what helps us to inject our society with varied thought.
but wait! we gotta know, are you... or are you not... a professional quote-maker?
the thing is as far as you say something controversal you get scrutinized and labeled by both sides. we need more open minds, but it's hard when everyone lives in his own bubble.
i dunno, i'm taking linear algebra this semester and if you had asked me what 7+8 was randomly on the street i would have had to think about it. the farther i get in math, the more it seems to me like the only time real math uses numbers is to put it in the calculator.
everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine".
ap history is often much better about that than normal history classes, unfortunately.
this is really interesting to me, i never received a formal public education growing up. what you described is how i do math in my head all the time. i've sometimes thought its a backwards way to reach an answer to a problem but i've always found it intuitive to solving thing i'm not familiar with.
i think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. the thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association.
i don't completely agree with this view. the bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers. you learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis. coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking.
i'm the same or so i thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated. when you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort. reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic. i can't say how many times i've done an hour of googling because i saw a til that had me going no way that's true. or women...
i was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions. i started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one i heard be ignored. may be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. ignoring your kids is not ok.
i used to teach math and currently work as and with statisticians. i have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong. **assumptions** the above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. this generalization is purely anecdotal as i have not conducted any formal research. i have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. for ex: people who have the same experiences.
who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? the most educated are not critical thinkers? what?
problem is, majority of the time, kids are more influenced by their parents than their teachers
have degree in maths. yes this is a pervasive issue. my best guess is that it is because they are trying to remember what 7+8 is rather than figure it out. when you can figure it out, you memorise it naturally over time.
what about those who don't think teaching empathy is a worthwhile effort? i think we can all agree that critical thinking is simply a universally valuable skill, but the importance of empathy is relative.
i see critical thinking as common sense. i don't understand how one can just believe something to be true without questioning it or looking into it in further detail.
if they empathize with one group at the expense of another, i don't believe that is having real empathy. if they had true empathy, they would be much more inclined to see things from all other points of view. not just their own, or whatever group they've chosen to use as a display of their good-nature. which, of course, is still for their own benefit.
you're doing well on the test of life, though. that investigation ability is what will let you succeed in the real world
i think you're assuming that there are fewer adults capable of critical thinking today than there have been previously in history, when there is no evidence, beyond the anecdotal, to support that.
i don't want to write anything scathing, so i'll just suggest you're biased because your entry point into the culture is via english, a language that taught entirely through rote memorization in their country. your understanding of the japanese people is extremely superficial if your conclusion is that "teenagers don't even have strong opinions." it's not that they don't have them; it's that they're not used to be asked about them in school. go visit a japanese home and see if the teenagers there are capable of arguing with their parents coherently.
a lot of people are addressing this only in terms of classrooms, but we only spend 1/3 of our time in the classroom during the school year. one of the things we're missing is television that teaches children to think critically. one of the things that sticks with me is the science channel motto "challenge everything." it is short, but it packs in so much because no matter what you hear or where you hear it from, before you pass it on, you should challenge it and decide if you believe/agree with it. blindly following messages and people, no matter what/who they are, is dangerous and leads to misinformation and ignorance.
critical thinking isn't the problem. people on both sides think critically. bias is the problem. at some point we allowed our biases to outweigh reaching a tenable conclusion. a lot of this has to do with the fact that so many people *are* thinking critically. for example: "a" realizes that "b's" argument is 90% sound, but the last 10% can't be proven/is arguable. so, "a" exploits the situation by arguing "a" is right while poking holes in "b's" 10% that cannot be proven. by doing this, both of them end up talking about two different things and both think they are "correct" since neither one of them concedes. i'm not sure we can fix this sort of behavior.
yeah, in america they teach that too. i don't what that dude it talking about with the whole columbus was good and the vietnam war. any class i ever took from middle school through college did not portray columbus in a positive way.
you'd be better if you could. don't buy into the circle jerk of arithmetic not being important
the problem with history as it is currently taught in the classroom is that the textbook publishers will only publish history that fits with the american worldview of "christopher columbus was good, we defeated all the nasty opponents, and we are currently the best society". if someone were to write an alternate view of the vietnam war saying maybe america didn't belong in it and maybe we did more bad than good, it would be immediately stricken out in editing and would never make the final cut. teachers are encouraged to teach from one source, the textbook, and other sources are only brought up by the 5% of teachers that want to give their students both sides of history. this is all a summary of a point from james loewen's "lies my teacher told me" if you are interested in more on the subject.
yeah. i've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. it is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything. this is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - it's sheepishly following instructions. i suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student.
have said this to almost every professor in college. no phones during a test because you need in the real world? i can find every formula in the history of man through this! point being, even they knew it was just memorize and regurgitate. that's our system folks.
the problem with schools is that it is treated very much like a business. the higher up business men don't want the younger generation to question them, only to blindly obey what they say for a paycheck and schools make sure children are shaped into that mold.
yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. the tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity.
(i'm a senior in highschool) there is no creativity involved in any core class. it's all memorization. some teachers are better than others but all i do is study info that i'll forget. every highschool student can memorize pointless knowledge now but if you asked them to come up with their own conclusion philosophically they probably wouldn't even have the ability to think deeply enough. the ability to think abstractly is decreasing.
it always sort of cracks me up a little when people start talking about teaching critical thinking. it's a paradox. if you're teaching them anything, they're not really thinking for themselves. the best you can do is leave people alone and hope people come to it on their own. schooling (which is usually where you hear people talking about "teaching critical thinking") usually actively discourages critical thinking by framing all the questions and leading people through a particular thought process.
hah, i got that response way too many times as a kid. got in trouble so many times because i refused to take that as an answer.
the most educated are the least likely to think critically. you can't *teach* critical thinking. education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink. their research even proves this, but they are unable to *realize* this. you want critical thinking? you want to be able to think for yourself? meditate. remove yourself from your phone, constant engagement of communication, and constant inundation information intake. become more self-aware, and see a *real* objective view of the world. ideally you do this when your brain is developing in childhood.
i would agree that this post-modern era and generation has moved beyond the bounds of reason in many ways and a good emphasis on the classic modernist philosophers could really help us use reason and logic to come to our conclusions and guide our beliefs instead of party platforms and whatever our social group says.
hold on... can you explain what is actually good about common core mathematics? i've tried to make heads or tails of it and it makes absolutely no sense.
i'm from the uk and they teach multiple points of view for history, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers.
it seems that proper skepticism and the ability to distinguish fake from real information is absolutely imperative to future generations' success. our world is saturated with all kinds of bullshit.
i'm a teacher. grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. that's why teachers make their tests like that. also, companies like pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school. state tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles. what we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). we need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day. we also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured.
until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence.
hashtags are meant to be memes. they are something short, rememberable, and easily digestible. the only purpose is to get people to tag their posts with them, so that those posts can be tracked, grouped together, quantified, and evaluated. they are also to make it easier for people to search for posts with the tag. #weneedmorecriticalthinkingandhigherstandardsineducation is a fucking terrible hashtag. it's long, cumbersome, and not exactly easy to remember. no one would use it. you want something short and catchy, which #feelthelearn is. also, hashtags came to popularity on twitter, which *does* have a very small character limit, so you don't want a hashtag taking up more than the absolute minimum number of characters.
i'm currently a student in the international baccalaureate diploma program. we have a class called theory of knowledge (tok). it teaches us to question how we know the things we know and in the process helps develop our critical thinking and investigative skills. i am of the opinion that if this class was taught to all juniors and seniors across the us, provided they had some desire to learn, it would greatly benefit us as a society.
yeah. good luck. everyone will agree with this sentiment, and then fling their feces at any critical thoughts that don't agree with their pre conceived notions.
i feel like great math teachers used to teach critical thinking in all aspects of class. but over the years, the focus became more about getting the problem solved by memorizing an gimmicky algorithm instead of learning why and how different methods work. current:teach distribution. then teach "foil" method. then teach reteach distribution again when dealing with trinomials. better idea: teach distribution. show what that really means. let students utilize their own critical thinking to realize they can do it for any system.
i don't have kids, and i'm not sure if you do. i'm not saying ignoring your kids is ok or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. just remember that they are still children. small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice. a parent has to hear this all day long every day. it is part of social development. as they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated.
also culture, comments seem to suggest the american pov (and considering the article is about educational reform since us education system is about to disemboweled). american culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. both have their pros and cons, but american culture really, really, really doesn't promote social welfare.
you can argue about anything without having a strong opinion. and japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think. and no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom. i've met tons of japanese people and have gotten to know them. they share many of the same qualities. ask a japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you. no matter what. i've had two girlfriends. dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class. it's the same. having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in japanese culture. following the norms is.
ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking. you must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is.
it's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). it will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. it's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting. examples: * in my head i did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one. * in my head i did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one.
on the other hand, i know college kids who can't do simple addition and subtraction, like 7+8=15, reliably. memorization of simple math is a sound basis for learning other math.
21 years old here, did the school thing a bit more recently. i wouldn't disagree that there are teachers that want their students to develop critical thinking. you're right, it's not a new concept. it's just not taught effectively at the moment. students resist the extra effort required to think critically and teachers resist the extra effort required to enforce it on them. i would say we absolutely need to revolutionize our education system if it focuses on critical thinking, yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking. how can you be okay with the current state of our education system given the adult population it's produced?
it's not parents, so to speak, but rather our american culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn. there's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture.
something worth saying is worth saying simply. the middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia.
doing simple math is more than memorization. it's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. so you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. you just need to understand the core concept that drives addition. granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. this works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but i think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster.
personally i've found empathy comes as a biproduct of greater education as a whole. the more one knows his history, philosophy, and law the greater one understands the consequences certain actions, legislation, or ideologies can have. i personally agree though with a focus within education that incorporates more of the traditional goals of liberal arts based education, which is the production of well rounded critical thinking citizens. surely there is a balance between the equally as valuable skills of the stem fields, and that of the liberal arts such as philosophy or criminology for example.
most parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically. "why is the sky blue?" "who cares". why does the sun change colors at sunset "i dont know its not important"
but that's stupid. it's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the english language. (if y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) people are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" english as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags. hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. what's important is the message. do you know what the language in question is trying to say? has it communicated this clearly? cool. now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. sheesh.
one of the problems is that i'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests i'm given are all data points, so i'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests.
nah. critical thinking refers to logical analysis of arguments and other presented information. investigation is more than that, and includes things like reaching beyond the logical breakdown of information/arguments, to research root causes, context, related information, examination of sources, etc. someone else called it journalism, and that is sort of true, in that ideally journalism is a form of investigation. a big part of it, though, is learning to come to understand a system, how the system interacts with other systems, and how parts of the system interact with the whole.
i think it is due to the massive (and still growing) wealth inequality. if i can hardly pay the mortgage, and have to struggle every week to feed the family, i promise you i am not going to be concerned with anyone else.
i worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo. i was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. i think that's what got in my craw so i answered the kids questions. it's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions. how's that for compromise?
"yeah, but teaching ethics, metaphysics, epistemology, and so on doesn't produce profit for overpaid ceo's or cheap commodities for us all to consume, so therefore it's worthless to pursue education in. philosophy is interesting, but it just doesn't '''''produce''''' anything, therefore it's not valuable"
that's one huge problem i see: you shouldn't perform simple math like that through memorization. then you won't grasp truly how it works, and your ability to do it will fade with memory. rather you shorten the problem and memorize easier routes to get to it, such as by building tens. you see 7 and know that the sortof opposite of it in base ten (what you'd need to add to it to get ten) is 3. you pop 3 out of 8 and get 5. so you built a 10 and had 5 left over? 15. the way i was taught in school is such that i do this every single time someone asks me to add the numbers, it's a lot faster than my memory would be in most cases.
you're fighting directly against modern culture. "conspiracy theories" and that whole side of investigating things has become uncool and out-group behavior. people unironically use the "tinfoil hat" meme to scare off those who are saying things that make them uncomfortable. how do you even begin fighting back against that? whole generations have been ruined by these attitudes that are only getting worse. people want their safe spaces in this increasingly chaotic world to make sense of things. critical thinking is terrifying to people now because it means they have to face reality. really, how do you fix that?
wi-phi? i thought you guys where dead. i use your vids to help me teach my friends and family about philosophy, i love your stuff. thanks for this!
personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. i mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago i'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction.
wait a minute, "feel the learn"? really? while i'll agree wholeheartedly that the us education system (and likely education systems in basically every other country) need drastic overhauls, i find myself not wanting to side with someone who thinks "#feelthelearn" was a good idea.
i am actually jealous of how kids of the future will learn and understand the world, compared to my no child left behind school experience.
educating oneself it's difficult. being spoon fed is easy. most people don't know that they're being spoon fed. i'm cursed with the knowledge that i can tell the difference, but still too lazy to make an effort.
i agree with the idea of teaching and encouraging people to develop critical thinking skills. however, i think it won't be enough and i get your point and agree especially on the role of emotions part. i think that more than emotions alone, it is related to *cognitive biases* and how we, as humans are prone to making certain mistakes, even if we know the facts about a topic and have the information and can recognize some decisions as irrational, we might still make them, inadvertently. it happens even with scientists and knowledgeable and experienced people, sometimes; that's why there's the saying that "science advances one coffin at a time", which unfortunately has some truth to it (sometimes).
all the more reason to try to teach them actual critical thought. reddit is full of pseudo-critical thought. i go around challenging it, getting downvoted, then occasionally something breaks through. it's been that way for 8 years now and the truth is you just have to keep plugging away. that's how things get done.
the idea of common sense is mostly nonsense. the closest it comes to a consistent definition is a sort of intuitive sense of what is right, and what "makes sense". ur usually the "common sense" answer is also the simplest answer, which means it's wrong more often than right, because literally everything is complex.
funny you should mention that... i was actually put on a team to write new common assessment questions that better align with the new standards. they will not always be simple restating of facts (depth of knowledge level 1) but rather involve more critical thinking and reasoning (depth of knowledge levels 2-4).
i agree, this is how i've always done math in my head. i just think the problem isn't with the teaching standards - common core sounds like it has it's heart in the right place (with math at least - i've seen examples of literature being used to push political agendas). the problem, as usual, is with the teachers. the "teaching revolution" doesn't come from improving methodology for current classrooms, it comes from replacing classrooms entirely. our teachers suck - we are in an era where through internet learning, everyone in the country can be taught by *the best* math teacher, or possibly the 10 best for varying learning styles. until we give up on the current in-person classroom models, we won't see the benefit that modern technology promises for learning.
i am trying to get a job in a city and a country 3000 miles away(where i am originally from). at this point i am pretty sure my resume gets trash binned as soon as my address is seen. one imagines your clients encounter this and other similar problems as well, advice?
his answer from above essentially said to be very open about why you took the break. put it on your resume and and mention it in your cover email.
my last job search i exclusively used the linkedin jobs app. it's separate and standalone from the linkedin app, and it was phenomenal. i just saved two custom searches, sorted by new every morning, and would click my way down the list (so many one-click applications too where you essentially just send the recruiter your linkedin profile and maybe attach a formal resume). found a new job in a matter of weeks. would definitely recommend!
hey, good to know that other people are me too! are you a (ex)teacher too? what's your plan?
cover letters -- how important or not important are these actually? i'm sure it varies greatly by industry and maybe even by geographical location, but in general what are your thoughts on writing them, and ideal length?
so do company's actually use that linkedin site to find employees??
 lie. or do what i do. i'm bad at lying so i tell the truth, i just change it from me to a family member. then i justify that by telling myself that i belong to a family and i have to be a member to belong so i am in fact a family member. not a lie. not the whole truth but not a lie.
i would be very careful with this. our hr department came across several of our own employees who had that setting active and i was told this by my boss so the message was certainly passed on from hr to management.
so how do you get in front of the hiring managers in the software world starting out? i've applied to hundreds of jobs, talked with dozens of hr people and recruiters, done a handful of code challenges, but not a single in person interview. i don't mind getting passed up after being interviewed as long as i can come away with something to improved upon, but i can't even talk with the hiring managers to get an inteview.
hey, thanks for doing this ama! i am curious, i am a former call centre worker who was unfortunately affected by redundancy. i am using this to move to another state closer to family before deciding where i want to go into again. while i do have good references, i feel like with no higher education i will be stuck in the same field and i do not really want to study now as i am in my late 20s. is there choices for branching out to othet fields for someone that's only done the one job for most of their employment history such as call centre work? and what are the best options or advice for pursuing a new career choice when you come from a different industry?
hello my name is jose palacios i am a labor consultant based out los angeles, ca. i been self employed for over two years now. i notice that i am able to receive more phone calls from cold calling whenever i use the name joe palace. what would suggest for brownies like my self in order to stand out and not be stereotyped?
is there a common mistake that a lot of people make when looking for a new job?
software engineer here. it's hard to break into the software industry without a degree. your friend either needs to either get a computer science degree or keep on taking the courses until they are competent enough to create a few projects. if you can link a public github repo, or a website you made, an app, etc, you just don't have much credibility and most likely will get ignored when you apply. i've interviewed a lot of folks who tought themselves how to code, but the fact is that if you don't have any project work to talk about in an interview it's just not gonna happen. tldr: work on personal projects and make them public and attach them to your resume or get a degree.
in places like tech startups, would you consider directly emailing the ceo with your resume as a smart move or not?
i'm just a linkedin user, but i can say my feed and experience there have been nothing llike this. in fact the recruiters adding me has become quite a nuisance in the last year! i think it depends entirely on your connections - like any other social network, if your connections post crap you see crap, and the larger the network the more stuff you see. i do share your complaint about group activity on the feed though.
i have huge gaps in my education and employment history due to illness. do i need to describe my health problems or will employers just accept a blanket "i was sick and couldn't work" without needing medical details or documentation?
well i would think you would definitely get passed over in favor of someone else for a promotion.
how do i explain that i lost my job because of cancer treatment, but have since completed a ba and my husband works away, so i haven't been in work for 9 years? i just don't seem to be able to get an interview, i graduated with a distinction average (79%) in children's literature and minor in history and am completing honours in film, writing a web series.
as someone who manages national recruiting for a fortune 50, at least at a big company and probably in general, no one reads your cover letter and the average time a recruiter looks at a resume as they scan through them is 6 seconds.
take a career aptitude test to give you some ideas?
how important are photos on your linkedin profile? i don't have one. a few folks i know tell me how important they actually are to have. and if they are important, does it need to be suit and tie? casual (but work appropriate)? anything showing personality? i'm not actively looking for a new job, but i enjoy keeping my profile up to date in case any opportunities present themselves.
my mom has been unemployed for more than a year, and simply can't seem to find a job. she sends out applications all day, gets interviews, and has been a final candidate on several occasions, but she still hasn't landed a job. she's 58 years old with many years of journalism/communication experience, and has won multiple awards for her writing, so her resume is quite impressive. she and i both believe that there may be some ageism at hand, though of course we can't be sure. what are some things she may be able to do when applying and interviewing for jobs that could help her stand out amongst younger candidates with similar resumes?
how difficult is it for someone to get hired in their field again if they're coming off of a year "sabbatical" or similar? does it change by experience level? i have 3 years of experience in my field, and would really like to do some traveling...
yeah i'd love to get and answer to this. i get calls from recruiters all the time. i have the issues of the step where they say "i'll submit your info to the hiring manager" and it ends up dying there. not sure where that disconnect is
what resume advice can you give someone who has little to no work experience trying to find a job in a field where job experience is highly sought after? in my case, i've only worked a basic retail job and am looking to move into accounting (specifically audit). i have all the education requirements, degrees, etc but my resume could basically fit on a post-it note without trying to stretch it out with extraneous information.
what if you know you don't want any of the jobs your family/friends have? what if you come from a background where everyone you know has minimum wage jobs?
that sounds like the cover letter just moved to the body of the email instead of being an attachment.
a big mistake is not doing sufficient research on the new company/position that they are looking to fill. this can cause blunders during the interview if you're asked specific questions about the position and the mission of the company, i.e. "why do you want to work here?" and it could also lead to regret if you aren't really sure what you are getting yourself into when making a transition into a new job.
this is an excellent question and response that i plan to use for my next interview.
data analytics is a pretty broad term, and one reason why its hiring is because technology now knows how to save and use data for various reasons so data analyst come in and help manage the data for large companies. its not as hot as people assume, but its definitely a new and growing field. the average salary is $60,000 to $70,000. if you have any questions let me know.
i wouldn't say "was able to land a position". sounds like one was actively job hunting. "was offered a position..." is more ambiguous.
what the heck is a cover email and how do i write a good one?
recruiters can't see it when they work at the same company as the employee. however, they could see it if they worked for a subsidiary that had a different name on linkedin. i only saw a couple profiles of our employees that had the feature enabled. they worked for one of our smaller companies and i didn't flag it to hr. the group was going through a rough patch, there was a massive change in senior leadership and people were bailing. if i ever were to tell hr i suspected someone might be looking, it wouldn't be punitive. it would be more of a "this person is great and i'm surprised they're looking. what's going on that is making them want to leave, is there something we should know or be doing differently" kind of conversation.
i'm an older worker (60) who has spent most of his life as a janitor or janitor supervisor. i have other skills, but i feel most jobs won't even consider me due to my age or because i'm a janitor. is there something i could put on my resume so a company would at least give me an interview?
i save that question as one of the final ones before you leave the interview, and i couch it like this: is there anything i've said that makes you question my ability to do this job? if so, i'd like to address that before i leave.
as someone with a background in customer service and no college education, i've found it all but impossible to make it out of the entry-level cycle and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to get by on what someone like me makes. is there an option to break out of this without having to set aside two-plus years to go to school in the middle of my thirties?
it's definitely not impossible for older job seekers to make career changes and find something new with their experience. make sure you are current - create a linkedin profile if you don't already have one and take the time to fill it out and put in a nice, professional headshot. you have a lot of work experience that can be relevant to other fields, so research the positions that you'd like to work in and emphasize how your background will help you to fulfill the requirements of the position. be prepared to be flexible in terms of payment, don't undersell yourself but realize that if you come off as an expensive hire, you may be passed over for a younger worker willing to settle for less money. finally, tap into your network, talk to friends/past colleagues or anyone you know working in the industry you're looking to change into. this can be a great help in landing a new position.
i usually just put my cover letter in the body of the email and attach my resume/other materials. is that acceptable?
hello, i'm a public health professional that just started a b school mba program. i was tired of working 60 hours a week and getting poorly paid for 40. do you have advice as two when i could/should start marketing myself to other fields? i am surrounded by pharma companies so those are the low hanging fruit. are they other avenues i should also be looking at?
i'm also 27 and in a similar situation. i don't dislike my field, but i don't want to feel limited to it. i have about 5 years experience in finance which includes both retail banking and backshop operations. i often fantasize about working for new, modern businesses or companies that i love. the problem is that i feel my resume will be tossed in the trash when they see my experience is primarily in finance. how do i get noticed when i don't have a degree and the company isn't looking for a financial background?
i don't think i am too old. its more a position i cannot afford to dedicate myself to study for a long period of time. i'll lose income plus the costs as well and i am just not at a point where i can do that freely.
how do you reach out into a network you don't have because no one anywhere close to you does what you do? i do programming in the midwest, and not the easy webdev kind either... oh, and i'm self taught... yeah, basically the trifecta for having a hell of a time getting a job.
reaching out to your network can be a great way to break into your industry, and it can be useful when trying to overcome the hurdle of a lack of experience from not being able to find a relevant job. if you are still acquiring skills in your unrelated job that could be relevant to a position in a different industry, talk about that. reach out to people on linkedin. talk about your career goals in your summary. a lack of work experience is definitely a big obstacle but it isn't the nail in the coffin of your job search - you'll just have to find creative and more direct ways around it, like direct outreach.
i am not a hiring manager or interviewer, so take the following with a grain of salt: a recruiter for a large tech company once told me to leave me address off of my resume for this exact reason. you may want to try it for yourself.
i am a recent graduate too. i have a b.s. in neurobiology and several minors in chemistry, and microbiology with 3 years of campus research experience. i have been turned down for 40+ jobs. you are not alone, i feel your pain.
if you ever decide to pursue a job in the field, i suggest looking in the academic it world. that shit does not fly at most universities. half of my co-workers, including my vp, are women.
wow, this makes me so sad. no one should have to wallpaper over their heritage to find honest work. this country, ugh
software engineer (ie code monkey) here. very happy to ride your coattails ;)
fyi: i'm a hiring manager (not recruiter) at a fortune 500. recruiters are just scanning quickly and sending me whoever looks halfway decent and gets past the filters like years of experience or salary expectation. once i get the candidate, i do look at any cover letters attached to the online app. a well written cover letter makes some difference to me. (i'm in marketing.) it can make someone stand out over other candidates who are essentially equal.
what if the gap is because i couldn't find anyone to even give me an interview for 5 years? i have ~7 year gap because i couldn't find work after i finished graduate school.
that's really good to know. it's so nice that someone is reading the things we spend hours writing, instead of just throwing them out.
i work at a 2-yr old internet business and i'm employee number 1. there's no guarantee of any equity but the job is satisfactory for now. my goal in the next 2-3 years is to get our own house. i need advice on whether i should stay (and hope for that equity windfall?) or find another work that lets me earn enough to pay off a home loan. thanks!
so what would hr do under this situation? fire you instead of letting you quit and then have to look for a replacement, and train a new person?
im 28 years old and still dont know what to do for a career. ive never been to college and started working full time out of high school. ive done alright for myself but feel i lack a specific skill/trade. are there any tools or tests out there to help me find a career i'd be good at?
i actually know about this! volunteering. say you want to work in the film industry, the best way to start is by working on student films. they most likely won't be the best jobs you take, but they're for experience and networking. working for charities is seen highly to some employers, not all though. but it does show that you're genuinely passionate about something, if you're willing to work without pay.
this is a tricky question to tackle broadly since every industry has different norms and perspectives on tenure. for example, a 12-24 month tenure in some industries (consulting, early-level investment banking & private equity, large tech) is perceived as normal, while it would be shockingly short in pharmaceuticals. our advice is generally you want to be testing your market value and opportunities for promotion constantly, but be sensitive to your industry's norms. the standard answer that does not raise eyebrows during an interview is along the lines of "i was able to land a position that offered more responsibility, opportunity and career development."
how important would you say things like the kerning and typeface are to a cv? are there letter forms (aside from obvious ones like comic sans) which you would say are a no go, compared to definite 'winners'?
any tips for a 30 something currently finishing an undergraduate in engineering to land internships?
any advice on doing a skype interview from across the world?
linkedin now has a "career interests" section that you can turn on to let recruiters know that you're not happy with your current company and are looking elsewhere. supposedly this is only available for recruiters on linkedin. in that area there is a 300 character limit to what you want recruiters to know about you... as a recruiter, what would you want to know about someone in 300 characters or less?
what career opportunities are there for a doctor (adult internal medicine) that has decided that they are fed up with the whole screwed up healthcare system?
what industry are you in? i'm in finance, and have an advanced designation, and only ever hear from recruiters looking for retail sales people. that said, my geographic region is still recovering from the oil crash. but that's not my point. lnkd isn't good for anything i used to use it for - sharing knowledge, networking. everyone on my feed seems to agree, yet it gets worse and worse.
one exercise we go through with candidates is identifying different family friends within your network. what professions do the people around you have? aunts, uncles, friends of your parents, older alumni from your high school or college, etc. grab a coffee or a beer with them and really pick their brain. you'd be surprised by how much people love to give advice and guidance for someone interested in their field. don't be too shy to reach out!
that's quite unfortunate, some of the best developers i've worked with have been women. at the end of the day i don't give a flying !#@!$@ if you identify as an apache helicopter. if the code compiles & passes the unit tests and you're not an asshole - i want you on my team
as a hiring manager, i look for a quality and personalized cover letter, resume and references. nothing too long or too short. many applicants just use the same cl over and over and don't customize it at all for a particular position or a particular company. many of those get round filed. people who take the time to mention the company and what they do, and how they can solve some common problems for the company, go to the top of the pile.
"i was dealing with a health issue, but i've consulted my doctor, and he/she agrees that i'm ready to get back to work."
this question itself is complex enough it could become it's own reddit thread =) i'll offer another perspective: with the average job posting receiving over 300 applications, companies have convoluted requirements on purpose -- to filter candidates. yes, it's frustrating -- but unfortunately, companies are incentivized to make it difficult to apply to a position.
linkedin employee here. photos are **very** important. recruiters and hiring mangers are 7x more likely to look at profiles with photos than those without.
i use it also, and it's not a paid service. it works swell.
bingo. almost every serious newspaper journalist i know past 55 got offered a buyout (in lieu of a layoff) years ago when the papers could no longer afford the salaries commensurate to their experience.
what are your thoughts on staffing firms? as the director of sales for a small staffing firm, i find that the majority of candidates are oblivious to the disconnect between the recruiter they are speaking to and the actual job they are being submitted to. i believe that the traditional staffing company model is dying. there will always be a niche for executive search and specialized hire firms, but the robert half and k-force types are far less useful. why would a hiring manager pay a 20% fee to k-force when their internal recruiting team has the same toolkit as the amateurs at k-force? what is your veiw on big-box staffing firms and how relevant do you think they will be over the next few years?
joining a shrinking industry is definitely a challenge. media & journalism has been disrupted heavily, and since we're in an age where no one is accustomed to paying for writing, i completely sympathize. if she's been a career journalist, then she'll have to rely on recommendations rather than cold applications to get through the final round. we've seen folks pivot their media backgrounds into successful careers as marketing directors, b2b communications & strategy roles, and (more sales-y) account manager roles. pr is tricky since it involves maintaining your network, which at 58 may be too late to try. i would recommend she start branching out to companies that have a core enterprise business model (ie sells things to large companies) where they value a more experienced voice in the conference room. best of luck!
decide what it is that you want to accomplish in order to reach this feeling of fulfillment. once you have a clear understanding of what it is you need to work for, you can start to figure out which positions and companies could help you fulfill this. some people are born to be entrepreneurs and the only way to fulfill their career goals is to break out on their own and start a business. other people get a great sense of achievement from working on a team and accomplishing a lot for a greater cause like a big company. it all depends on the individual. once you have a clear idea of specifically what you need to accomplish in order to get this boost of confidence, happiness, and sense of internal growth, you can start to find positions that will help you get there. make a list of your career goals. research different companies and their missions and see which ones have values that align with your own. this is a great way to start and hopefully, you'll figure it all out a lot faster.
i did it and got nothing but enthusiasm and questions when i interviewed coming back. it was a good ice breaker. i had more experience and was well networked though ... my resume wasn't going to hr people to filter.
having worked in this field: start with a corporate retail company on a buying/merchandising desk. work your way up through merchandising and planing/supply chain into product development. some places will start you in assistant product development, but usually only for those with a fashion/merchandising degree. nobody wants to hire the typical rachel green type who knows nothing other than that she likes pretty clothes.
i thought this was a joke back in college, but it's completely real in the midwest. i have many friends that were programming novices that get their start at midwestern banks.
yes but those "easy one click" applications typically fill up with dozens of applications. kind of a "spray and pray" technique.
obviously not op here but i manage recruitment for a relatively large organization. having the same text in the email and cover letter is honestly fine and it's preferred to have a "transportable" copy (e.g. pdf, word, whatever) in addition to the email cover, as opposed to assuming the email language will suffice, as the recruiter will often need to share the cover letter with the hiring manager, and only having the "email version" is a pain.
why is it that the united states marines can take a high school educated 19-year-old son of a farmer and train him to drive an $8 million tank in combat, but the average middle management corporate douchebag claims someone with a four-year degree and six years of professional experience isn't quite what they are looking for? while we're at it, why is it the college graduate is immediately eligible to be an **officer in the united states marine corps** while if they choose the cubicle job they will never be promoted or earn a raise? what do the armed forces know that the douchebags don't?
are there any online resources that can help people get experience for data analyst jobs? online courses for sql or any other things like that.
ironically, having a hispanic name in the la area for government jobs would actually help you
i went to school and got my sociology: youth studies bachelor of science degree. ideally i'd want to work with kids (maybe a counselor) but no one wants to give me experience. i did work with youth for about 6 months but employers seem to want at least 1+ year of youth experience. thank you for respond!! i've decided that i will start by redoing my resume from scratch and try to sound less desperate!!
brownie here, and i had the same problem. but instead of putting a different name on my resume, i received some great advice from a couple career service people. they said to put "u.s. citizen" in quotes under my name. after i did that, i noticed a significant increase in callbacks for jobs i applied to afterwards. of course that only works if you're a us citizen.
how does one tailor their resume to get past hr and in front of a hiring manager?
any suggestions for linked in profiles? i am trying to find a new job that is more than a lateral move. i get a few inquiries through it every month but want to make it more effective
how have you helped fresh grads overcome the barrier of entering the job market which demand xx number years of experience in the field when they have little to none?
i'm a hiring manager and i look at everything in the resumes, including the cover letter, job gaps, length of employment. cover letters are great, but if your cover letter is just about: "i'm a quick learner, work well with the team..." you've just written the most inane letter ever that says nothing about you to me except that you can write adjectives. everyone can be a random list of adjectives. tell me why you want to work for me, why you would be a good hire for the position, give me examples of what you've done to bring value.
cover email is the mail you send with your resume. i'm guessing the point is selling yourself in the email copy is more important nowadays than writing a separate letter.
white here, as well. i wanted to give my first daughter a family name (polish) but changed it to an americanized version at the last minute, specifically so her future resume wouldn't be passed over. my second daughter was to be named a "responsible" sounding name but i lost that battle, so it's her middle name. i've told her she will likely have better luck if she uses it as her first name on resumes.
should you do that even if the numbers aren't super impressive? for example, in one of my roles i trained about seven or eight employees. i currently have written 'trained several staff and interns in x y z' because seven doesn't seem to make the point any more noteworthy. what would you recommend?
a little bit of insight on how recruiters at companies think: typically jobs available for will be broken into a variation on three categories: entry (students), experienced hires, and executives. if you're a fresh grad, you are looking for entry-level positions where ideally the work experience range is 0-3 years. there is some leeway around applying to roles that are 3-5 years of experience required if you have reputable internship experience, and the years of experience are typically not a hard-and-fast rule for human reviewers, but we encourage you not to waste your time applying to the wrong job. talent acquisition staff will look for a few core things in a recent graduate's resume: skillset (education or self-learned), leadership experience, and related industry experience (extracurriculars or interests). best of luck!
why quotes if you don't mind me asking? i've been doing it for a few years now and i still get asked if i need a visa. first line is my name, second line is contact info and the words us citizen.
extracurriculars are a little 'childish' according to my dad who has been hiring people in the medical field for over 25 years. unless it directly relates to your job in tech or whatever.
may not be the most appropriate forum for this question but, let me posit this: you are otherwise happy with your job, enjoy your coworkers, etc. but you are having difficulty seeing the long-term viability of the company -- when should you start working on an exit strategy should things go pear-shaped?
good heavens, you're only in your late 20's and you already think you're too old for education? given the current state of medicine, if you take care of yourself you probably have 70-80 more years of life left.
when someone is trying to convey that they have managed high dollar budgets, is it appropriate to say a dollar amount, or is it better to just describe the resources you were responsible for? i.e. 10 fleet vehicles, or 30 employees payroll, 900 computers, etc.
how should i respond if they ask me about job jumping (i.e. switching jobs every few years)? companies aren't loyal to you anymore but expect you to be, and the only way to move up is by leveraging your current position to land a better one elsewhere. is it appropriate to ask an interviewer for feedback to improve myself for the future?
i'm probably the biggest failure i know. i wish i could do personal development because despite personal failure i've probably helped every person i've had as a friend go on to succeed. a buddy does rafting and hiking and climbing while working a very physical job, another is a psychiatrist that in his residency has been chosen to represent his region in washington and la twice a year. at a retail job i got a coworker to apply to the private college i dropped out of, berea, to get himself out of that situation and do what he loves. i wrestle with depression, genuinely enjoying it when i help these folks succeed, but have huge gaps in employment, an unfinished computer science degree, and a wife whose supported me but i feel so awful about not being able to help her. talk about lost.
to echo what bravo said: the downside of the fashion industry is that it is a serious grind. we started our company in nyc and have colleagues in the industry go through fashion week 2x a year. the norm is for interns and entry-level positions to be unpaid, and if you're aiming to break in to the design side, the best thing to do is to go through the fit/parsons (school) pipeline. and as bravo mentioned, you could start as a buyer at a company like abercrombie, j crew, etc. just know that you will be valued for the business acumen, not the design skills.
i feel trapped in a career i don't like, at 27 i want to find something i can enjoy more and feel confident and happy growing within. how do i start and what steps do i need to take to get there?
go to your local temp agency. they'll gladly help you find something to keep busy and employed. it'll also get to some experience in something
can't tell if viral linkedin marketing...was this a paid service?
this can be a problem due to applicant tracking systems (ats) but there are ways around it. in your summary, you should make it clear that you are looking to relocate. also make a point of mentioning your desire to relocate in any cover letters.
we work with many clients who are returning to the workforce or have gaps in their work experience. it is important to mention the reasoning for any of these in both the cover letter and any warm introductory emails you send during your job search. if the gap is less than 6 months, it is fairly normal and most hiring managers will not mention it in an interview. given there are non-competes, garden leaves, and other common reasons for a gap, you'll only really need to go in depth if you are not working for over a year.
unrelated: * is lnkd going to do anything about the absolute drivel that fills my news feed? copy pasta, selfies of made-up women being liked by creepy old dudes, dumb math puzzles. * why doesn't the latest activity from my groups show in the news feed? * why do i see an article that says it's "trending in my industry," but it's totally unrelated to my industry (more likely it's about some hollywood jackass), and all the comments are from people from other industries saying it's inexplicably "trending in *their* industry." * finally, even though my profile is up to date and i've been adding new credentials, classes, etc. over time, why are my profile views down from 5+ per day two years ago to 1-2 per week now? is lnkd secretly losing page views?
the more simple, the better. using standard fonts and formats is really important, especially nowadays with picky ats (applicant tracking systems) that throw out resumes with strange fonts or weird formatting. unless you are a graphic designer and your resume is a way to showcase your artistic talents, keep it boring. a typeface like times new roman or arial are the best options and don't use special characters or strange bullet formats.
not a recruiter but i was off work for 18 months and on disability for some mental illness related issues. i was asked about the gap and replied with a vague: "on disability during that time, worked on my health and have been cleared by my doctor(s) to return to work with no limitations"
thanks for doing this again! i'm in the process of reworking my resume and it's a struggle. how do i illustrate that i want a company that's willing to teach and train me in my industry, without sounding like i'm incompetent?
great question! we've worked with over a dozen career counselors here in the bay area and maintain a large network of recruiters -- the direction the hiring industry is moving towards is placing more emphasis on customizing covering emails -- cover letters are seen as a prerequisite and are often unread. nevertheless, it's good to include one as it passes a minimum bar -- we recommend 2-3 paragraphs and a density of roughly 75% of one full page. mirror the header that you use in your resume.
a friend of mine is trying to get out of retail and into software (maybe web design, maybe data analysis, and i know she's thought about project management in the past). the problem is, a full blown boot camp or degree program is more expensive than a retail paycheck can handle. she's been doing free and cheap online courses, but is there anything else she can do to get out of the job that's actively sucking her soul? additional detail: she does have a bachelor's degree, it's just in a field that needs a master's before jobs open up.
just breaking into animation industry has proved daunting. how to get that second interview?
got two interviews this week. practicing this question right now. thanks!
how do i tell them that when i say self taught, i mean i've written multiple (c, not javascript) libraries, and not "i can html a bit"?
it's expensive to do. your internal hr team might have access to seeing it, but unless you're applying for internal positions they probably have no reason to come across your profile.
how long should i keep putting eagle scout on my resume before it begins to seem old/childish?
how does one get around a college degree requirement? my friend has almost 20 years experience in his field and in management but has trouble being considered for positions outside his current company because he doesn't have a degree.
i went for a job where i did that but was told that it was 'impersonal' and didn't seem like i put any effort into writing on to show specifically why i wanted to work for that business and what i thought i would specifically be able to bring.
hi sgtkiwii, don't give up! companies like ours were started to help jobseekers because the system is. just. so. broken. what degree did you study, and more importantly, what are your strengths and interests (which can become skills down the line)? hopefully you aren't advertising yourself as willing to do anything -- remember that this process is more similar to dating than college applications. don't forget *you're* also interviewing the company and coworkers.
holy shit. as a 31 year old with the same problem, i hope this gets answered!
i really dislike most social media and never made a linkedin/haven't used facebook in years. am i hurting my job prospects by not submitting a linkedin profile to employers that ask for a link?
i've heard that asking questions like "do you have any concerns about anything on my cv" are good, opens up you to explain it and then you know what you might want to edit for later. plus it's something they don't hear very often and you're genuinely interested in their reply so you're more memorable.
yeah, there's a reason i have a cs degree and don't work in the field. i think my final straw was sitting in an interview and being asked, "how easily offended are you? we've never had a woman in this department. sometimes the guys say some off-color things and we don't want any hr problems." i'm actually not really easily offended (i have 5 brothers), but are you kidding? saying that in an interview is an hr problem in and of itself, and further, the person being hired is not the hr problem. the employees who refuse to conduct themselves even remotely professionally are the problem. the it field can be tough for women. i felt like i was constantly having to prove myself in ways my male coworkers never had to; no one ever assumed they didn't have the knowledge or skills.
are you looking for something you just think you'd be good at, or something you can feel passionate about? i'm 30 and just started getting into personal development. i'm invested in the life purpose course from actualized.org but the creator of that site has thousands of free videos and there's tons of free content out there from other life coach type people. i know some people have a mental block about the whole "self-help" thing, but i'm feeling more inspired and hopeful about my life than i have since i was a kid. good luck!
my friend tried to tell me he was a "field engineer". he goes out to client sites and maintains/fixes a specific piece of equipment. i had to explain to him that he is a technician, not an engineer.
is data analysis really the hottest job of 21st century?
i'm 99% sure my decision to ask this question, and my response to their concerns, landed me my dream job. i can't endorse this enough.
more likely a mark goes on your employee file that disqualifies you from getting promotions or raises, and when layoffs come you're at the top of the list.
stay open minded, there are many opportunities out there that could seem like they are unrelated to what you want in a career, but could lead to incredible options later down the road. be prepared to work hard and show that you are interested in staying in the position for awhile - because, with the current job-hopping trend, many employers are hesitant to hire millennials if they are suspicious that they will leave within a year or two of employment. reach out to your network, this is one of the most valuable tools you have as a young job-seeker looking to break into an industry. focus on how you can make a big impact at your first employer right away - the more you can achieve in a short time, the better for making moves either up the ladder or into different, better positions.
i'm in seattle, and there is a lot of work available and there are a number of staffing companies, especially in it. however, there seems to be a real disconnect between what recruiters think a job entails, and what the hiring manager is looking for. here are some questions related to that issue: * why do businesses generate such long and convoluted requirements for their positions, when they are really just looking for someone who can quickly adapt, onboard in a convenient timeframe and operate semi-autonomously? * what is the most common x-factor omitted by managers and applicants? * are jobs morphing to match human requirements, or are humans compensating to meet job requirements? can big-data assist in niche-matching position requirements with not only profiles, but personalities?
if the gap is a yr plus due to depression then obviously one shouldn't reveal that i imagine.. what is a believable cover story that won't enable prejudice?
wouldn't it essentially be the same text in the cover letter and emails?
manager here, i'll always assume that "few" and "several" mean 3-4 at most, otherwise you'd have used a number or stronger language. so yes, use the actual numbers.
don't give up! i'm a (fairly) recent college grad and it took me 9 months to find a job in my field. sent out god knows how many applications, had 9 interviews (three with my current employer), and it was demoralizing as hell. making it to the final cut and getting passed over several times was a huge hit to my ego. several times i wondered why i even bothered to go to college. i worked (sometimes two jobs) all through college, did research, made okay grades, did activities and volunteered some. but i felt like it wasn't good enough. i had been a cashier, hostess, and server just trying to make it until i landed a job in my field. please don't give up. it's exhausting, but don't give up.
what is the best tip you can give me for writing a resume?
i'm turning 30 soon and despite having a degreee in hospitality management i've never been above minimum wage. am i already doomed to fail?
what kind of advice can you offer this up and coming generation (millennials) that are trying to break into this job market for the first time?
"i took some time off to look after someone in my family with a medical issue, which thankfully has resolved."
you joke, but as a professional engineer i really wish the word "engineer" was regulated in the same way "doctor" or "lawyer" is.
ugh, that's depressing, i spend hours writing a good cover letter and adapting it to each potential job. i have a really non-linear background, so my cover letter is generally my selling point... what would you say is the best thing one can do to grab your attention during those 6 seconds?
this is risky, isnt it? everyone can create a profile as recruiter i guess. so any boss can search for his own employees regularly
i'm a 3d artist looking for my first professional studio job, there are no jobs in my state, as the industry is very state oriented (california). i want to secure a job, and am willing to move, but i think not being in the same location will hold be back. how can i overcome this?
hello, what is the best tips for letter writing to get a job? i usually don't bother, but some insist
are eastern european names really that much of a handicap? it seems that every other dentist/ police officer/ fdny in new york has a polish sounding surname with a -inski.
i was in a similar position a few years ago--ended up getting a leadership volunteer gig in my field with a nonprofit and worked mornings and evenings/weekends in food service. sucked awful, and tbh i was completely exhausted for the 11 months i was there, but i was able to get a huge amount of experience and had a great resume line that opened the next door for me. it did really suck to be doing work for free that i new my peers were being paid for, and i had no social life, but i was desperate. in the end i will say that not only did i get the experience needed (and keep my resume from bleeding experience), but i actually got to do more than someone in a normal beginner role in my field would--it was real sink or swim lol. if you're struggling, i do suggest that route. not ideal, but it works.
hi luckyducky, your explanation for the work gap is very acceptable! however, to break through to get an interview, you'll have to rely on your writing skills to personalize outreach. to get in front of a real person: 1) after locating a role you like, research the company and potential hiring managers you can email. 2) set up a multi-touchpoint email campaign that follows up with the person every 3 days. you have to capture them at the right moment when they are thinking about the role. we've had success placing a stay-at-home mom absent from the workforce for 10 years. ultimately what led her to land the job was the hiring managers thought she would have a more compassionate understanding of the clientele they deal with versus the younger candidates. best of luck!
how do you advise handling a large (1.5 years) gap in your resume?
i need a change of career, but i have no idea what i want to do, just that i want to do *something* else. what's your advice on seeking out a new career?
the problem with that, and the mandatory unpaid internships, is that they're gradually replacing entry routes and becoming a dead end where you volunteer/intern until you need money too badly and have to stop and then they pick up a new one. if you're lucky someone in a paid position leaves and they look at the volunteer pool, but it's not that likely.
can confirm this is a problem. i'm white, but my first name sounds mexican. during a stint of job-hunting, i applied for the same job i had previously with no response and used "sara" as my first name. resume and cover letter were identical. they emailed me about four days later to set up an interview. i told them what they did and for that reason, i would not be entertaining their interview request. bastards.
they don't care nor pay attention. yesterday i overheard 3 guys at a restaurant talking about how much hillary sucked so trump had to be better no matter what. then someone mentioned that mccain guy and they couldn't remember who he was exactly... until one of them said he's the guy that ran against obama... still having no real idea of who john mccain is. none of them. there's your 37%
and when they do, they'll call everything a "leak"
anti flag is also in the studio finishing or just finished a new album
which is doubly funny because the us military uses metric units for things like distance
they want to be able to deny saying what they are saying and try to paint the press as untruthful. the downside is being caught in another lie with hidden recorders.
maybe by wapo and cnn on a good day, but fox will probably be happy to do as told by the supreme leader.
i have an honest question, why is the white house even having a press briefing if reporters can't report it?
no, you know what *really* scares me? what scares me is how complicit around 37% of america is to dump the first amendment because "its muh prez!" and "librul tears!". you can stand by the bullshit policies trump wants to implement but what *no one* should be tolerating is the blatant disregard of ethical behavior from a sitting potus and a blatant disregard for the first amendment that this whole fucking administration has.
or basically a map at figuring out what areas of the country haven't progressed since 1882.
but maybe if we kick out enough immigrants we will all become millionaires. i don't know about you, but the only thing between me and a million dollar a year salary is some illegal immigrant. /s
the journalists can report the content of the press briefings, but they're not supposed to film or record it. basically, they're all taking notes and writing from that, which probably means direct quotes are out (who can write that quickly, beyond a couple of words?)...this way, the white house can continue to say that they *are* granting access to journalists, that they *are not* depriving anyone of their first amendment rights (freedom of press) and if they don't like what is asked/written, they can say that the journalists abbreviated quotes or took them out of context...basically, they can say: the administration opens their doors to everyone--even those filthy enemies from the fake news--and lets them ask anything they want and then write anything they want! it's completely and totally fair!!!...even though it's not.
they just want to be able to yell slurs without catching a side eye or a broken nose. they have little concept of what the 1st amendment actually is and what it protects.
and an entire political party, with all of its power and interconnections is going along with it
actually it might have been russian collusion too. especially if they purged voter registrations. you can't blame it all on one single thing. hrc's loss was a perfect shit storm.
gop during 2016 election: it's the content of the leaks that matter, not who leaked them! gop after 2016 election: it's about time to start prosecuting leakers as traitors to america, who gives a shit what the leaks contain, its all fake news from libruhl tears mainstream media anyway!
on bullets 3 and 5, can i know more? if i search for near things i'll be flooded with 1,3,&4
honest questions will not be answered at this time.
when trump was elected, i turned to my girlfriend and said, "it's time to be worried about this country. this is the first time in my 40 year life i'm actually scared." i had no idea it could get this bad. i've been finding ways to be more of an activist, a voice against the direction this country is going. i had no idea this would happen so damn fast.
we were ready on paper, but people always make profits off the margins of our fear. what better margin than the physical margins of facebook ad space? i'm a big believer in marshall mcluhan's ideas about human communication. the medium is the message and all that jazz. any method of communication we create is a two way street informed by our biological underpinnings, and at the same time, we can find ourselves with changed thought processes without even knowing it. the internet is that concept on an exponential scale of time, like an event horizon. there's no way to account for it.
they also gave him free publicity when he began campaigning. the 4th estate gave us trump in the race for ratings. they may not be kissing his ass now. but they did it quite often before now.
that's a really good point. it's why i think it's so important to rally people who aren't involved in politics and don't vote. that 30ish percent will never abandon trump, but i'm still holding out hope that this administration will force politically apathetic people out of the shadows to stand up for democratic values.
funny how it's the likes of trump supporters who always whine about free speech and freedom of the press. now they have they biggest anti-press president and the biggest anti-free speech subreddit.
it isn't quite that yet, it's incompetence and autocratic idiocy.
this is what saddens me the most - even if somehow our protections against fascism ultimately work, despite republicans doing everything in their power to undermine them, and trump and co are pulled from office, there's over 60 million americans who either supported this or were too blind to see it for what it is. i don't know how that pandora's box can ever be closed.
twitter is a garbage service run by a garbage company headed by garbage people that creates garbage culture.
the strange thing is that according to an economist on npr one of the ways trump could get his 3% gdp increase promise is by influxing a shit ton of immigrants.
honest question, what the hell can the wh do to enforce this? there's no classified intel. unless they start revoking credentials, which i don't even think they need a reason to do, this is pointless.
i would settle for an end to fox news and propaganda media.
at least there's somewhat of a system in place to keep things in check (downvoting).
pretty much all my friends who identified as libertarians were on the trump train even before he was considered to have a reasonable chance to win the primary. no, it doesn't make sense to me either.
jeremy corbyn, leader of the uk's labour party is going to introduce run the jewels at glastonbury today. killer mile was also involved with bernie sanders campaign, he's got a some interviews with bernie and also phone banked for him
how far off from journalists disappearing in the night so you think we really are. i wouldn't blame them for being scared.
a traitor has high-jacked the executive branch in order to install a kleptocratic authoritarian oligarchy.
the correct answer. fascism is blooming... and this is terrifying. what's worse, americans are betraying their country because they feel they aren't the millionaires they should be - and giving up freedoms will somehow make their lives better.
they were just talking about this on npr this morning. they also said a more realistic (and most optimistic) growth would be around a 2% increase over 10 years.
correction: their alternative reality crowd at rallies.
that's the sickest part. this country will need a whole new set of laws surrounding the presidency, congress, senate, media, scientific agencies, foreign advisors, cabinet appointees, and so on after this fiasco is over to prevent them from ever doing this again. this whole thing is disgusting and every day it gets worse.
i think there is a hell of a difference between a report that is innacurate but was at least reported in good faith and "fake news"
what comey said was true: no votes were changed. but voter rolls were manipulated.
a press briefing where the press isn't "allowed" to distribute what they've been briefed on. what a fucked up world we now live in.
why are they even holding press conferences at this point?
i remember watching with awed horror at turkey's turn last summer. just how quickly a (somewhat) democratic country could fall into a fascist dictatorship. didn't expect to go from watching it to living it quite so fast.
just waiting for the day trump says on camera he doesn't work for the american people. and some goobers actually agree with him and stand up for it.
and yet the gop keeps winning elections. it's not just that i'm disappointed in my country, it's that my country is becoming something much less than what it was. many of my fellow citizens applaud it, it seems to be what we want to become. less. this is not america anymore, it's america.
it made me sick last week watching how many people immediately jumped on the conclusion that the left fosters violence by calling these people fascists. the tide has turned, and the fascists are winning.
it would seem so... just imagine what will happen in the aftermath of trump's reichstag.
i don't think so, they were still reeling from wwi, looking for direction and hitler provided that, i think. i'm the farthest from a history person though.
my only response i get from trump supporting family is "but obama...". i don't give a shit what a obama did!! live in the fucking now!
**benedict donald's entrance music:** fascist! (turn to the left) fascist! (turn to the right) ooooooooooooh **fascist!**
i was really happy to see how vocal mike was in support of bernie. so free artists put their time and name into something positive after their criticisms.
he's basically just been taking money, filing bankruptcy, and using said money to start a new bad idea. i don't get how people can think that's a successful business man. no, that's a successful scumbag.
those same 37% would be up in arms (literally) if obama had done just one of the things that trump has done. the hypocrisy is astounding.
what's even scarier is that half of the country is supporting it adamantly... or just in denial? i know people who think trump is doing great things for this country and i can't believe anyone can look at the things that are going on and then, "yeah, this is good!" i'm astounded and frankly terrified.
gaslighting and information control. test the waters, who to trust with the national agenda doctrine all that shit
right? i don't give a fuck about clinton's emails, but even if i did, what does it have to do with our president being a national embaressment?
europe here, born in the 70s. my generation grew up with the rule of thumb that every trend from the us would reach europe within a few years. i really hope that this rule does not apply anymore...
this should scare the shit out of everyone. we're just getting into this administration and look how far we have drifted away from the core democratic practices of the united states.
fast is part of the plan. by the time you realize shit is really and truly fucked it's too late.
it's all over that sub-genre of rap. it can either be a stylistic choice to fit in with the culture or actually come from deep personal homophobia. some rappers dropped it over time as they became aware of how ignorant it is.
someone is really confused about the first amendment and the role of the press.
i think that's still pretty far off. this isn't russia(or is it...?). if journalists start turning up dead after reporting on certain things, it's gonna raise too many questions and will surely expose the white house. those journalists who'd die would be regarded as heroes long after their death. hopefully it never comes to that though.
and apparently all they had to was convince people liberals are engaged in a vast conspiracy to undermine conservatives. now they want the protection of big daddy trump.
so why are they even there then? is the trump base really so simple that they don't see right through this stuff?
this is the part that blows my mind the most. well, the combination of this, and 70 year old boomers, who previously yelled things like 'better dead than red!', who are now all pro-trump (and supposedly russia-ambivalent).
churches need to be taxed when we regain control - you hear me reasonable people? they are businesses with political interests, it is against the interest of the country to let them be tax-havens.
i'm starting a petition to make our armed forces use freedom units moving forward, why use a base-10 numeric system when you can use a "no fucking idea how any of this converts" numeric system?
damnit, freedom ain't free or some stupid shit like that.
and america's downfall continues as the powers that be make one greedy, short-sighted decision after another.
in hindsight, it was a mistake to make the president above the law.
it's happening. a reichstag is inbound at some point.
it seems to be working. none of the trump voters i know show any sign of buyers remorse and still speak of him with a level of reverent rapturous ecstasy usually reserved for children meeting a costumed mickey mouse for the first time.
it also keeps his base in line and feeling like they are winning. they are pep rallies.
agreed, for the moment. sadly, the majority of brits' voters already fell for the populists' bs beforehand.
i mean... what in the actual fuck is going on in this country?
i have plenty family that feels the way you describe. it's a mix of apathy and hating facts they don't agree with, like climate change, or things trump has been recorded saying. when i start listing sources, all i get in response is just "but the lawyers or scientists could be lying!" and other excuses. i've given up on convincing others, they'll see how dumb they were soon enough.
from an outsider's perspective, this would be a good time to hit the quickload button and start all over. but in reality, that will never happen. mostly because of the change in society - a considerable portion of your fellow muricans believe in conspiracy theories (alex jones = gospel of the truth), are not able to think in a rational way (everything trump says = good; msm = evil) and just want to watch the world burn. in my country that's maybe ~10%, so these people have no power. but in yours they're all over the place. you fucked up somewhere in the past few years/decades... in education, for starters...
gotta love the fourth estate. they're not here to kiss trump's ass.
judging by the results of the french and british elections, it seems that you guys are more apt to go to the other end of the spectrum in disgust over what happened here in the us.
the aftermath of this is, if nothing changes, people with the means (well educated, in demand careers, etc.) will leave the united states.
the loss was most certainly a shitstorm. but the media's complicity in that affair is easily forgotten. sure they're fighting the good fight now, but a year ago they were giving this orange turd free press. so much so that his underfunded campaign got free boosts that people like bernie never benefited from. they didn't start the dumpster fire, but they did toss in their old newspapers.
it's absolutely neofascism. while people are outraged and fussing over one neofascist policy, the neofascists are working behind the scenes to erode democracy in order to ram through more neofascist policies.
i mean, at that point could you not kick everyone out, lock the door, put up a "press briefin' brb" sign, throw on a 3 hour marathon of animaniacs, and call it a day?
it's literally on the first page of the rule book for 612d backgammon
trying to "rattle" a witness about to testify? sounds like witness tampering to me.
nope. they're entitled. we should be honored to be paying their salary, regardless of the job they do. i hate the gop.
how many warnings and sign posts along the way do americans need to recognize what is happening here? none of the behavior from this white house is proper or right. you're going to be in trouble soon and you're sitting by letting it happen... watching it even; for sport.
i wonder if this is what a lot of germans felt like watching hitler rise to power.
ok then i need to start my own religion.... only we don't believe in god and don't pay taxes. actually hasn't the right been accusing science of being a religion? shouldn't everyone who performs an expierement be a pastor?
- 3 - newt acknowledged that there are no tapes, and trump was trying to 'rattle' comey.
what a day for republicans: * wh exposed for trying to gag the press * congressional gop can't figure out how to write an aca repeal that anyone likes * trump admitted to being a lying, manipulative pos * revelations confirming that trump asked intel chiefs to refute collusion claims * more revelations that not only were voter rolls hacked before the election, but they were altered, specifically targeting democrats
it's hilarious that trump is *still* holding maga rallies. as if that does fuck all aside from reassuring to himself that he's well-liked.
yet still exceptionally successful. this is very likely unrecoverable
two very hot topics today: 1) a wh administration that doesn't want the american public seeing their press updates 2) a republican senate that doesn't want the american public seeing what's going into a major healthcare bill this is the disease we fight wars to prevent spreading around the world and it is happening in our own front yard.
the us political system was in shambles *before* trump, he (and his advisors and possible accessories) just took advantage of this trash fire.
they're already losing $400 million dollars a year, it's not clear to me the ads can get much more worthless either way.
that's a useful map figuring out what is an interesting place to visit and what is uninhabited dirt
he's only above the law as long as congress and the senate condone his crimes. every day that goes by republicans in congress and the senate are just as guilty as trump, flynn, and others.
thats why he does these things every few weeks. he thrives on the adulation.
twitter is a fucking blight upon this nation's discourse and i hope biz stone gets colorectal cancer.
people in texas keep their yard signs up after an election? fuck, that's dedicated. i mean, you have to move that shit every time you mow your lawn.
well cnn did that just before the press conference. should have told them ahead of time. wolf blitzer was pissed going over it. in actuality, what the fuck is going on? as a tax payer, i pay spicer and huckabees salary to tell us what is going on. are they too chicken?
his son already said that donald works for the real americans and all his critics aren't really people anyway... so that's a start...
the fourth branch by immortal technique gets me fucking amped to say "fuck the opinion forming apparatus of america!" however, in terrifying times like these, we need this institution now more than ever for simple self-preservation. my hope is that this gauntlet will restore some dignity to america's media outlets as they begin to abandon "if it bleeds, it leads, 24 hour news/entertainment" and get back to more thorough, substantive investigative journalism.
the nazis in germany continued to hold elections for a while after they got power. it placated the masses that things were still "normal" while the nazis consolidated power. apologies for going full godwin's law here...
isn't saying he wanted to "rattle" comey an exact admission to obstruction of justice?
social media in general is a blight. facebook isn't any better nor is reddit (i say this hypocritically, posting here). i personally feel we're not ready for it as a society in numerous ways.
they have to have a story. that's the 24-hour cycle. believe it or not, foxites still channel-flip, if only to "keep an eye on the enemy" (my dad and gma, lib and con respectively, admit to doing this). if they don't at least vomit up with another butterymales story, their daily score goes down along with management's frown.
twitter refuses to do anything about the bot issue and i don't understand why.
what is heartening is that the fascists can't seem to tie their shoes. the greatest blessing of trump is he's a fucking idiot.
more of an honorable fascism award. or fascism participation. let's be real. out of all fascists and dictators. trump would be the worst of them. rookie of the year for fascism / dictator is probably going to the philippines.
americans are beginning to understand what it's like to live in a country they would previously have exported democracytm to.
its darkest just before the dawn. i choose to believe trump will be the wake up call that reforms american politics.
"white house warns reporters not to report" where are my patriotic libertarians fighting against this tyranny of the man trampling free press and free speech?
how people cannot see the absolute hypocrisy on this and still vote for them is astounding!
propagandhi finished recording a new album recently. i expect it to be *angry.*
so they have something to do, i guess? it's like they're perpetually running behind and playing catch up to their own ridiculous decisions.
people stopped questioning authority and instead worship it.
i still see transparently fake traffic on facebook, youtube and spotify that they do nothing about. they're complicit, and sooner or later that will come back to bite them.
as it turns out, the internet didn't usher in an era of hyper-informed individuals who use all the knowledge at their fingertips to better themselves. social media in particular serves only to amplify ones personality. smart people use the web to educate themselves and be more efficient. dumb people see their idiocy reinforced, and are rewarded by whatever vote/like/share currency they participate in. you would think 20+ years into the modern internet age, people would have an idea of what's real and what's bullshit, but i guess we need more time. or it'll never happen. i don't know.
shut the fuck up. pastor bill speaks for jesus on sundays, and jetskis for jesus on bright summer days. jesus needs his jetski.
we're losing yard signs and bumper stickers around me in texas.
marking anything not reportable is a surefire way of getting it reported asap.
it's been kind of eye opening finding out how many of the "laws" governing the conduct of the president turned out to be a collection of suggestions and tradition.
i love how with obama we had millions of people screaming "martial law!", and now they welcome their "god emperor" with open arms.
terrifying times. i've also noticed that many white house reporters are having their twitter accounts blown up by bots defending this move.
they are embarrassed because they misplaced their wallets.
no. knowing this country this is what will happen: there will be a ton load of republicans claiming to be 'not trump' and hence win elections. they'll claim that trump was just an insane aberration.
oh come on. there are dozens of quaint little villages in the red areas. think of the antiquing you could do!
except immortal technique prides himself on being more "educated" and better overall than just about all rappers. from what i gather he wants to be so different from modern rappers yet needs to rap like a homophobe to mesh with the same scene?
although not every leak is true and lots of news is fake, i just assume that anyone the white house accuses of being a "leaker" or call "fake news" is probably telling the truth.
as an outsider it's hard not to laugh though. i'm so sorry guys
cameras don't lie, the wh wants you to think reporters do.
was kinda wondering where he's been, that and punk bands. "trump youth" should of been a name by now
so, what i see is that the same people who vote republican, also don't like to live near people.
except these incompetent fascists are laying the groundwork for competent ones to come along and finish the job.
i keep trying to tell people that trump (while horrid) isn't the problem. he is merely a symptom of the problem. the problem is the gop, and the right-wing talking heads. he is literally everything they've been yelling about for years. he wasn't elected in a vacuum, he didn't just show up out of nowhere. :-/ people looked at him, listened to the drivel that he spewed, and thought "that's who i want to lead the country" -_-
anddddd you just problematized one of my remaining rap heroes.
reminds me of a joke. so joe is condemned to hell. the devil offers joe a choice of two rooms for eternity. one room was a burning furnace with everyone screaming in pain. the other room was people standing around in shit up to their waist. joe tell's the devil that the choice is easy, the room standing in shit. so he gets in there and he's thinking this is great in comparison. then he hears a voice over a speaker, okay break time is over back to standing on your heads.
mike and jaime aren't pulling any punches with this admin.
what's even worse for me was finding out that the laws and protections i thought existed to keep this from happening are being used as toilet paper and half the country doesn't even care. hope is hard to come by these days personally.
ive seen other platforms crack down on bots because it made the ads more worthless. people just haven't leaned on twitter enough for them to start shaving off the worthless clickholes.
luckily, nascent fascism trying to be implimented by idiots.
if this is a joke, it's not the least bit funny. if it's not a joke, it's not the least bit funny.
twitter threads are complete garbage and vitriol, beginning to rival youtube
their story will be how disloyal fake news outlets like ny times, wapo, msnbc, and cnn are leaking information garnered at press briefings.
a friend of mine signed up on tinder and didn't get any matches. thought, his expectations are probably way too high. i took his phone and swiped right for every woman. he still didn't get any matches... :(
i like to come up with weird random questions to ask, like if they like burritos as much as i do. or what their favorite thai place is. or if they like ice skating. really i've tried just about anything i can think of to start a conversation. 3 girls out of like 85 have bothered talking to me. but why the fuck would you match with someone you have no interest in talking to?
sorry, dude. :( you can have a month of my time. i'm not using it very well.
like most say.. all openings don't seem to work so i tried something different, i just put in my profile "i don't message first but if i liked you, there is a reason for that, feel free to message me". i figured if a girl likes me enough to want to talk to me, she will just message me herself and i put that comment in there incase they are afraid to do, worked well. i started getting a bunch of girls asking me why i don't message first, met 4 women from tinder because of it. one of which is my current girlfriend :d 6months going strong :) extra pro dating tip: just fucking ask her out, give her something to look forward to, take it out the realm of the internet, if you just keep chatting bullshit together online you will both die out because you are both just text on a phone and not something real.
ever switch the genders to see what you're up against? that's when i uninstalled tinder...
or you could post a picture of you in your sport car. i'm pretty sure most girls would swipe right for a guy in a ferrari.
if men all agreed to withhold dick like a cartel, we could even the playing field by artificially deflating its supply and raising its price. give it a year and i guarantee we could be getting red lobster out the ass for free!
it reminds me of the sign that says "make $5,000-$6,000 a month working from home" only good looking hookers on backpage can do that.
once got dumped on a tinder date, because she found a hotter single during our dinner conversation.
girls everywhere want to be fed and taken places, it's human nature, but some of us will suck your cock before we go.
i honestly am very tempted to believe all those men saying they get tinder dates are professional bulshitters paid by tinder to promote the service because i've never met any male first hand that has told me he had success with the app. regardless of looks.
a friend of mine got liked and then when the woman realized who he was irl (they are both in the same industry) she wasn't interested. that didn't do a lot for his self-esteem.
results dependent on attractiveness. step 1: don't be ugly.
i tried using tinder and everyone was so... boring. i'm a man and i don't actually expect any lady to go on a date with a guy they matched with on a free app, but i was at least hoping to have some interesting conversation out of it.
don't sell yourself short. i bet there's like two singles in your area that might be interested.
women on tinder are judgemental as fuck. they want the best of the best profile that has matched her. it's all about gaming the picture game, and girls are good at that shit. it's really limited for what it can offer: good pictures and clever profile bio/conversations. if you are on top for both, then it should be no problem. if you don't, then you probably will do better in real life as long as you aren't handicapped by your own self-esteem.
i thought it was nsafinder, msybe the bots vary by location?
so, basically most guys problem? swiping right on the super hottie when they, themselves, are a super nottie.
oh. this chick was just creeped out at me, i'm probably not as good looking as you.
"i just say 'hi.' it works everytime," says ryan gosling.
i once asked my grandmother if she thought i was handsome. she said i was funny. :/
try "if you were a potato, what kind of potato would you be?"
this is good to hear. i've been very worried with professional athletes getting any action at all.
holy shit - self-immolation coupled with a direct insult.
"where's your girlfriend?" "oh, she can't make it. well, shall we?"
ask a totally out of left field question that catches thier attention. lots of people won't go for it, but i get way more replies with something ridiculous than with a "hey" or "how's it going?" my go to if i can't think of something based on thier profile is, "who is your favorite little rascal, alfalfa or spanky?" (of course this a trick question because the correct answer is buckwheat)
you can be unattractive. you just need wealth, humor, and a big cock
**wrong wrong wrong** he's completely ruining the d.e.n.n.i.s. system!
times like this i'm glad i'm 43 and dated in the pre-internet real world. you kids have no idea how much better it was then and how awful all of this sounds.
tinder helps you realize how shallow you are, i reckon.
what were the rules again? * be attractive * don't be unattractive
this post has given me new perspective. approach it as a numbers game, don't take things personally, and be patient. yeah that's not gonna happen
try grinder. it's a totaly different ball game over there.
ya because someone can tell you have a giant dick by looking at your selfies
it's terrible to get girl advice from gay guys because what works for them totally doesn't work for straight guys
i think my standards are low, so i swipe right a lot. i mean, at that stage you're only asking yourself "would you have sex with her for a prolonged period of time?" (assuming you're not after one night stands). never get replies even from the women on the lower end of the point system. :|
it made me realize i had more types than i previously thought. it also made me tired of blonde girls who are foodies and travel.
i'll say it was more like 15 seconds, but i'll be sure to double-check with her.
can someone explain the purpose of tinder bots to me? what do they do? what's their goal in getting you to click some random link? virus? ad money?
holy shit, technology does improve fast. my mom had to wait 9 months for her disappointment.
nope. i work with very expensive cars and drive them often. i had a picture of me driving a very expensive sports car on my tinder profile. girls thought i saw it at a car show. i think ideally you just have your picture be the deed to your house and the registration for a lamborghini at that address. i think that would work.
grinder is interesting. i try to imagine how tinder would be if girls behaved like guys do on grinder. sometimes i see the advice "just be yourself", on grinder, guys are themselves, and it works. you want to fuck someone, just tell them, nobody will call you a creep or play hard to get. also, in my experience people usually do want to have sex with you regardless of your profession, income, height, etc unless there's something about you they specifically dislike.
all the girls on tinder in my area want to be fed and love adventuring. they just want someone to buy them food and take them places. which they'd have if they had a relationship with their parents
i was actually fairly surprised by the number of attractive women on tinder. i'd say i swipe right 80% of the time. though i don't get much love back. eh, at least it's not a time sink like okcupid for the same result. seems like if there is a match on tinder i'm more likely to at least get a "hey there" type message back. and only one bot so far. but for that one there was no doubt even before i swiped.
"not looking for a hookup" she is, but if she says she wants a hookup, out come the weirdos like me.
tinder is practically porn for guys who get off on the disapproval of women.
"repeated disappointment as fast as you can swipe!"
you don't know how many times i get messages from dudes saying him and his girlfriend/wife are looking for a partner to have "fun" with.
you did so many things right in that last scenario: 1. refusing to "play the game" and flipping the script made you stand out from the other guys competing for her affection. 2. doing so in a humorous manner probably made her smile/laugh. 3. doing so in a mildly self-deprecating manner made you likeable. 4. and finally, even saying that there was one other girl who messaged you back increased your perceived value in her eyes, without coming across as bragging.
i realize this is a joke comment, but my husband found one of those the other day, turns out that it can be erased by holding a flame to the paper, too! we felt like magicians...
yah, basically same here. i have self-esteem though. got 30 matches. zero replies. then i got discouraged and stopped.
'my name is tiffany, and my minge is like opening a grillled cheese.'
hey, everybody is probably going to hate me for this, but i actually met my wife on tinder. flash forward to the present, we've been happily married for 3 years and still going strong.
getting matches doesn't seem to be hard. had a ton of matches when i still had tinder. but no one wants to talk. its just stupid. why match with people you aren't interested in? i get why guys do it cause if they didn't we wouldn't get any matches at all. but then women are just ignoring all their matches anyway? whats the point.
are you trying to talk to girl-people or boy-people? because if it's girl-people then our theory is intact. if it's boy-people we must question everything we know about tinder.
whatever type was responsible for the great famine
no, for tinder especially you kinda need to be attractive first. it's difficult to express wealth, humor and big cock through a selfie. unless you just make your pic a dick pic? will that get you banned? if you want wealth to carry you, you probably need to sign up for seekingarrangement.com and just flat out pay a girl to see you. (but they're not prostitutes! they promise!)
too real? no, sir, 50% real, 50% girls from fwbworld, where ass eating is always on the menu.
her okcupid profile is in her post history. judging by that, i'd guess she's looking at guys out of her league. i guarantee she's getting swiped right, she just doesn't like the matches she gets.
the term is unicorn. i'm poly and married. lots of married couples want to share a young, attractive, bisexual woman. there aren't many young, attractive bisexual women looking for couples. so everyone is searching for a unicorn, but they're almost impossible to find.
you gotta hit em with the big guns, my guy. name puns usually get a response, the cornier, the better. her name is maggie? easy-hit her with the "what's your favorite food? mine is mag 'n cheese." got a lisa on your hands? fire off a "i don't message a lot on here, but i'm hoping you'll give me at lisa response" or, open with a really corny joke, but keep it clean. you can find them on r/dadjokes, and they're money. also, be really physically attractive. that helps too.
instead of going out to clubs to meet and have some fun with girls, nba players are using tinder to meet up with people and have one night stands. so basically if you want tons of tinder success, just become an nba player.
i'm pretty unique, i personally love to laugh. seriously, when i see this in a profile i imagine someone just sitting there in a room alone. "well, time to start laughing. ha. ha ha. ahahahahaha!"
they're not singles if you count the kids they already have.
it's probably more likely that pmme-your-tits-girl just knows how to talk to women.
i'm married now but i used to do online dating. i'd start with something like "i really enjoyed reading your profile and you seem like someone i'd like to get to know. maybe we could chat here and go out to dinner or something if you feel comfortable." got like a 60% response rate. but you find out most of the time they all have one or two word answers and don't really care to ask about you. those are the chicks that want a free meal and/or some penis. the ones that engage with you are actually interested.
the way to get girls is to not try at all. - ridiculously handsome guy
i used to write "your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter."
"tons of hot singles are ready to ignore you! click here!"
i frequently delete tinder, because i never get matched with girls i'm actually attracted to (serial right-swiper, sue me). but every once in a while, i'll know of a genuine tinder success story and it keeps that little flame of hope - just barely - alive.
i dont quite qualify for a whole month of their time...
was a guy on tinder. self-esteem and ego skyrocketed. but i mean, there's only one way for it to go when it's at rock bottom already.
nah, i mean my birth, not the time you slept with her.
always swipe right for people you want to bang, not marry. you will never get matches if you only swipe right for the unicorns.
do you like having conversations that go nowhere? enjoy racking your brain thinking of interesting shit to say for it to ultimately fail every time? welcome to tinder!
probably a balance between having enough bots to boost your revenue but not so many bots that people give up on your service completely. guess every business does this: how much can we piss off our customers without losing them. looking at you, arlines.
i've done this, click like as fast as i can until it runs out just to see who i'm matching with. turns out fat chicks and old ladies are pretty into me.
or it's an open marriage and the dude wants to watch.
tinder actually got me in a situation like that, writing that i'm a bi girl in my profile attracted those kind of people a lot.
being dishonest in any dating scenario (through an app or otherwise) doesn't work in the long run. if someone is only interested in you for your money and they realize you have none, then how long do you think that relationship is going to last? dishonesty in dating is just wasting everyone's time. if you want to find someone who is truly interested in you, then you're really being self-defeating when you pretend to be someone else.
don't forget that unlike most human beings, they also love to have a good time!
no son, you can hit the bottom and start digging deeper.
are you hitting them with the 'hey' if so, that's why
to be serious for a second (as i do get matches), i think i'm alright looking. however, my bio and pics are probably shit.
no he's not! he's just demonstrating his value to her. that's the d in dennis.
road teams have actually been playing better in the last few years. there's a theory that one of the reasons for it is because tinder made finding a hookup much faster so now players can get some action and still get a lot of sleep.
lol i did that too and found out she super liked me back. not a bad ego boost but the whole "super like" thing is v. weird
do you have a photo of yourself hugging a tiger? or a photo of you doing yoga in front of a sunset on a beach? no? no wonder they aren't interested in you..
it's some good adviiiiiiiiiiice that you just didn't take
and apparently you absorb a little bit of bpa each time you handle that thermal paper
i hope the collapse quickly, they are toxic, just like several other groups
usually you pre pay by card if it's a chain or through a delivery service, but in my experience little mom and pop places have the option to pay cash the door. even some delivery services you can choose to pay cash. whenever people pull tricks like that though it's just the little restaurants that suffer. the recipient would just turn them away and say they didn't order it and the restaurant would have to eat the cost of good and time.
purely anecdotal, but we passed them in hollywood one time. they approached me, i gave a polite no as soon as guy stopped talking. i told my mom in spanish to keep walking. guy immediately approaches my mom and gives his pitch in perfect spanish. my no that time was a little harsher.
was kind of dismayed when i saw the harlem church of scientology. they really are targeting the poor. it was getting remodeled when i saw it too. looked very nice, and expensive
i watched a documentary on anonymous one time. it turns out they they are just a bunch of 4chan hacktivists who (for the most part) are unaffiliated with each other. it seems to me that there's not really a way to join anonymous. you just hack and then say you are part of it.
i once 'hacked' one of those radio voting contests for a friend by using proxies to change my ip everytime i cast a vote in their favour. is that cool enough for anonymous?
most of us know it's bad but are still surprised that a lot of celebrities here joined them. every time i'm in hollywood and walk by the cos, i'm pretty disgusted by it, i'm sure others here are to.
the big new one in north hollywood? i drive by it at least once a week. what was extra bizzare about it was that when they were doing the final landscaping touches, all of the work was being done exclusively at night. and not by landscapers either. so i'd be driving by at 9 pm and see 2 women and a man wearing formal sea org-esque gear trying to plant a palm tree.
clearwater is a very nice city in florida near tampa and st. pete that cos, unfortunately, took over a while back. cos owns something like half the real estate in the city and i think it's considered the cos hq outside of the seaorg.
clearwater, florida is home to the scientology headquarters. there are anecdotes of scientologists having completely penetrated the local government, including law enforcement.
yeah after they lost all that money on ink anyway
i don't think people are that mad anymore i think at first they thought it was gonna be about the kkk or some shit.
and that's what i like about anonymous. they're actually helpful.
i worked at domino's last year, you could pay in cash
most receipts today are printed on thermal paper. that's why they fade.
that...doesn't sound like how you meant it...probably.
well, sure. landscapers need to be paid. cult members don't. so after their 9-5 jobs in the real world, they go to the cos and do their menial labor.
it's a free riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide when you've already paid
both. george lucas joined the church in the early '90s
and the birth of a new scientology division! we'll call it... scientonerology!
operation chanology. probably the nail in the coffin for old anonymous as they split between "moralfags" and "oldfags" originally it was for the lulz, but some of them grew a heart during this. then they became hactivists.
i got a friend that went to the chiropractor for like 2 years and his posture went from "meh" to greek statue.
nah, it's all by credit card through an app or by phone. you can tip at the door, but even tipping a guy for hundreds of pizzas seemed like a fair trade in exchange for, you know, getting hundreds of pizzas. :p
as a former person who logics, they probably didn't send hundreds of pizzas across europe from a single shop.
as a waco resident... that's a solid joke, how have i not heard that?
"and why is this fax different from all other faxes?"
well yeah every form of harassment they did was illegal, that's why they did it anonymously but yes in this case an innocent bystander was the victim.
i still find it astounding how something like scientology can still be running today.
you have to admit their buildings are, although empty, beautiful. i've always wanted to take a tour to see the inside, but although i would never join, they scare me. cults are no joke.
then when you come home you notice that you forgot to switch the default printer and the entire house is smeared with black ink and thousands of paper sheets. that is the exact same moment someone rings your doorbell and you open it, hearing the words: "hi, we're from scientology. we would like to have a little talk about how we can improve your life!"
nah, 125th and 2(?)nd either 2nd or first. it's right by the bridge to randall's island
if you're referring to the one on 125th and 5th ave, i believe they recently closed it down and moved out.
they've taken down lots of child pornography sites.
ugh, i remember those. they came by my university during finals week and tested to see if we had any stress.
clearwater, fl. the public headquarters of the cult. the flag organization is where most of the "high-level" (high cost) courses and services are provided. downtown clearwater has been dominated by scientology, only now the city has taken steps to regain it
this is just the level of pettiness that i strive for every day.
do you mean to say xenu's overlordship isn't a glorious culture?
you know they don't pay for the pizza right? that's the point
/b/ era anonymous use to do good. you know in between ex-gf nude threads, loli threads, and cp. but they also trolled scientology and ddossed a site so thats cool, i guess?
that seems natural, to have infiltrators in the gov. jesus, man.
how that doesnt constitute conspiracy to kidnap and enslavement is just beyond me.
as a former pizza guy, that store was probably out of dough for a day or two and pissed about it.
these fuckers put me through hell a couple years ago when i made several suggestions online about where their money goes...they have a new mega-center in israel. they nearly ruined my life, had me put away somewhere presumably until i died but luckily i escaped. they will harass you online and once it begins it's a nightmare. i'm still scared because there's a big org less than a mile from my house.
so is this like a once-a-year re-post? is there a list i can get on to get a turn for this free karma next year?
i'd dig it if they could release trump's tax return
the operation was a massive success, significantly impairing their ability to receive legitimate faxes for several days.
every bad press event. it is called the streisand effect, where asking people to not talk about something makes people want to talk about it.
all it would take is for one person to step forward and claim they were coerced, no? how can the system allow for such a blind spot?
really? you can't order a pizza and pay with cash at your door? that kind of sucks.
undermining a local government is not a minor threat, as that gives (the ideologues) an official, state-sanctioned proxy arm to seriously fuck with anyone in that municipality who disagrees with them... it gives them a real court system- with full force of law- to fuck with **anyone, anywhere** who disagrees with them if they can articulate jurisdiction and haul it into that venue. the perversion of government by ideological operatives is incredibly dangerous, since it gives ideologues control over the mechanisms of government that exist with the idea that exactly those people not be in charge of that authority. a lot of special interests realized that getting federal laws passed was too hard, so they'd buy off state senates and have state laws passed to suit their interests, then try cases there, including against people who live in other places. not fun getting a summons notifying you that you're being sued in florida when you live in wyoming.
you're way off base and it's pretty clear you're not familiar with non-profits. 'non-profit' does not mean the organization can't take in more money than they spend. it means they can't pass that 'profit' on to owners, it's supposed to stay in the organization for pursuit of that organization's mission. they don't have to spend a bunch of money just to avoid a 'profit'. additionally, as far as i'm aware the church of scientology qualifies as a religion. most of their money comes from donations/dues, right?
yeah i bet they have their a+ game around the hollywood offices. fucking vultures. we've got enough religions. at least the others can claim a heritage and culture and not the ravings of a bad sci fi writer.
bit harsh on the poor pizza delivery guys. bet they converted the lot.
i find it astounding that people still have fax machines, too
ex mormon here, i never felt that way tbh. think it depends on local culture.
ugh - someone try and touch me is going to have a hard time walking afterwards. that's gross.
the ink was supposed to run out but instead lasted 8 days printing black pages.
the stories from what happens in their buildings are insane, crazy to think that it's done in the us.
are those street names real? "very very" right next to "unemployed"...
maxim #29: "the enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. no more, no less."
have anonymous actually done anything useful or do they just make edgy videos still?
didn't the city recently buy up some property so the cos wouldn't get their hands on it? we used to vacation in clearwater and my dad lives there now. i love the city and i'm glad they're actively standing up to scientologists trying to take over.
and it's stupid aren't ppl of color seen as less to them. the founder was racist.
too bad people who do nothing claim to be part of it to sound cool, and anyone who actually does something cool would never say they were part of anonymous because it would diminish their achievements
ah, that's the part i was missing. i don't order pizza a whole lot, but all the places i've ordered from require you to pay in advance.
hellloooo my names nnnniiiiiinnnnnnooooooo (im sorry)
sooo why are their facilities still operational? cults committing felonies should probably not be around
aren't they in hemet, ca? i just drove past it a few weeks ago, and it was pointed out as the headquarters.
surely i'm not the only person who thinks that sending "hundreds of pizzas" isn't so much an aggressive tactic as an invitation to party? is anonymous trying to say that american scientologists are evil, but european scientologists are actually pretty neat fellows who deserve some polite recognition?
there really isn't an anonymous group. whenever a group gets together they can decide to use the name anonymous. the whole thing is that it's not an actual group, but an idea, or movement, the whole "you can't kill an idea." stuff.
anonymous attacking scientology in defense of gawker. freedom of speech makes strange allies
i could be wrong, but i haven't seen any outrage about far cry 5. i don't think anyone aligns themselves with the people in that game.
i'm a member of anonymous. i quit anonymous. that was fun.
they force people to confess that they're undergoing the kidnapping and near slavery voluntarily therefore the church cannot get in legal trouble.
if they come at you again online, screenshot it and post to a heavily trafficked sub. i bet you get thousands of people that would help you, some of which actually would know how.
probably similar to the prosperity gospel stuff they pull in some mega churches. in my home state of ga there is a man, creflo dollar, who heads a mega church in college park. in 2014 they estimated ~39% of the population lived in poverty. that didn't stop creflo from asking his congregation to pay for his 60 million dollar gulfstream jet. he was asking his followers to donate $300 or more so he could own a new jet. some people are really shitty.
here hold these magic nunchucks and let me give you a pop quiz
oh god that's hilarious. rocking chair and quikstop, i can understand those, somewhat. but very very and unemployed, those are head scratchers.
the truly ironic thing is that none of alanis' examples are actually ironic. the song, itself, provides the irony. it's brilliant, if you stop to think about it.
they could be the gen ix remakes of pokemon black and white.
the enemy of my enemy dies next. in the mean time they might be useful.
when my mother worked at nasa in the 80's someone got the idea that they could send spam with fax machines and they started spamming hers and other folks offices. the faxes of the day rolled the pages through. the nasa engineers took black paper, taped a few together into a loop and would just fax away. iirc faxes used a special paper back then that was fairly expensive, or it may have been the ink. they stopped receiving spam faxes pretty shortly thereafter.
like most other scientology"orgs", sf valley is a ghost town every day. they've sunk millions into empty buildings. they've made some small inroads with the (also swiftly shrinking) 'nation of islam', but their penetration into latin demographics is astoundingly slow compared to islam, mormonism, or smaller nrms. the "church"is on its last legs for membership. we're already on the downslope of it's inevitable crash. since they've built up a lot of capital, the rtc leadership will likely continue to exist for a few decades, but membership is already much smaller than they advertise.
you'd find astounding that hubbard mandated everything done by telex. so they *still* use telex
and the prequels will always exist. the christmas special cannot be undone. they will never go away.
from what i've heard from people wayyyyy more interested in cs than i, this is unlikely.
sorry brian but you know the rules. those pizzas come out of your wage.
they either have their multi-lingual members work the hollywood branch, or they just train their hollywood branch staffers to speak multiple languages. i was there recently, and had a guy speak to me in perfect hebrew. i jokingly told him something to the effect of "oh wow, you must speak every language" to which he replied (seriously) "nah, i only know nine, but i'm working on another two".
i wish there was something i could do like this with my local scientology church. they are offering free personality and stress tests and keep trying to me to take them and i have to walk past them multiple times a day for work. they know who i am and smile as they offer me it and once a dude put his arm round my shoulder to usher me in. no thank you.
also, on big orders, they would generally require payment in advance.
the internet has completely destroyed my ability to distinguish satire
oh my, i used to live in tampa; i had to go through clearwater on a near daily basis. i can confirm that there are scientologists *everywhere*. i honestly felt uncomfortable; i started feeling uncomfortable going to the beach 'cause of that.
just to clarify, the reason they have so many empty buildings is because non-profits -- as their name suggests -- are not allowed to make significant profits. they buy empty buildings as a way to get around this requirement and retain their wealth. they never have any plans for most of them beyond that.
and people are mad that far cry 5 is about killing religious nuts, because "that doesn't happen in the usa at all". it's truly freaky that an organisation like that can find enough roots to plant its tree.
just tape a bunch of pages together and watch them go around in a loop on the fax machine. roflmao
i remember a quote about anonymous in my local newspaper: "anyone can become a member of anonymous just by saying they are" says the ex anonymous member henry."
the mayor went to one of their events? not surprising, but kinda still surprising. how do people in la in general feel toward the cos?
then what if they miss that deal to fly to hawaii for $99?
wait wait, he *told* them that he wanted the money to buy himself a new jet?!
sorry we're closed, we sent out brian with 340 pizzas and he's not going to get back until sunday night.
unfortunately, the church of scientology is very real
hard to report people working on visas to immigration
unfortunately they're sitting on millions in property alone. possibly billions in total. it's going to be a slow burn.
funny story. back in the day my grandpa owned an almond orchard and lived in northern california. big migrant worker county. he had mexican workers for him every summer and he was of the opinion that to speak spanish all you had to do was put an "a" or "o" at the end of english words. to pull down almonds the method was to shake trees and branches with ropes, hit branches with sticks, etc. he would tell them to "pull down the ropa! get the ropa!" but he didn't know he was telling them to get the clothes out of the trees and they were very confused.
they'll bury their head in the sand or tell you that he's the president so he can share what he wants.
isn't that what we thought after nixon? i quoted obama's faith in the american people during the last election. now i'm quoting george carlin (originally h.l. mencken, thanks everyone), that no one has ever gone broke betting against the intelligence of the american people.
 as much as i want him to be impeached, i see comments like this every day to the point that i just can't get my hopes up anymore. i hope to high hell that one day i'm proven wrong.
the *washington post* newsroom is filled with patriots. the trump white house is not.
legally he's in the clear for this, and that's the argument trump supporters are going to stick with. would they say that if hillary had done this? oh fuck no, they'd be shitting themselves.
fucking hell, there really is a tweet for everything.
does no one ever learn? you cannot win a land war in asia, and you cannot win a trade war with canada!
"dangerously insane man acts dangerously insane. people shocked."
trump has ruined being a republican honestly. neutral, voting whomever is better each election has been fantastic so far for me. to be fair, has been all dems and libs so far for me.
buzzfeed's serious news has been good for a long time, the clickbait shit is basically designed to fund the reporting
seriously. have you read buzzfeed news recently? it's... weirdly respectable and competent.
the washington post and pbs have always done a good job. cnn has really stepped up its game (literally from *not being journalism at all* a year ago to having a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed). since the election, i've had ample reason to be angry at the nyt. i actually am more pleased with the wsj's journalism right now.
yea, i'm gonna go ahead and need every republican congressman to watch replays of them bitching and moaning over the dangers of hillary's emails, then go ahead and have them explain why this shit is ok.
he's literally using being the president of the united states to *look* powerful. because that's who he is, and who he's always been: obsessed with looking rich, with not just being successful but being *seen* as successful, and then, after going bankrupt, with being seen as the greatest businessman ever in the make-believe world of reality tv. he has no concept of using power for good, or even using power for anything other than making sure other people know he has power. that's the actual, real president of the united states; a guy who leaks secrets because they're worthless to him. because even when he has something as valuable as classified information, it doesn't matter to him unless other people know he has it.
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "nothing"
we don't want a trade war! just stop being all crazy!
anyone wondering if the tass photog was in the room for this portion?
this getting out *is* the ic revolt. it had to come from the people at the cia and nsa doing damage control.
i keep hearing "politics as usual" from people. it drives me nuts, i'm as jaded and cynical as the next person, but i know this shit is pretty unprecedented. or at the very least it's unprecedented that they blundered so fucking bad that they're getting caught red-handed.
this news on friday: wow and we thought monday was crazy!
from reading the article it appears he mentioned all this just to brag about what kind of great intel he gets. he may have ruined our relationship with key middle east allies just to look cool. i'm honestly not sure which is scarier. if he did it on purpose or just to show off.
the world is playing chess while donnie has connect 4.
i never got the, 'let's wait him out and pass what we can in the meantime' mentality the gop seems to have. it's like they could not give any type of shit about our national security. shit could go way wrong real fast, the type of shit that won't only effect the poor or brown people either. the type of bad shit that hurts people indiscriminately.
a blue tidal wave in 2018. that is what it will take.
with a side of "fake news anonymous sources wapo is lamestream liberal media and also the real story here is how did this leak?"
i have never met someone so deeply disturbed into inaction as mccain.
friday news in this administration has been pretty exciting in the sense that nuclear war would be exciting in a certain light.
it's a national security issue. he quite possibly just got our intelligence community cut off from our allies in sharing information.
and the russians are like "i don't believe you. why don't you tell us?"
by far the funniest thing snl has had in months.. and of course it's completely fucking true
is this it? did we get him? oh right, nothing matters anymore.
well, they were already cutting trump's admin off from info, or at least thinking about it...this just confirms that they should. jesus.
can you guys please invade... like seriously, i'll even start liking hockey
~~newton's third law: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.~~ trump's first law: for every action, statement, or tweet, there is an equal and opposite tweet.
they have proof.... and they are exercising more restrain about keeping the details secret than our own president...
president* trump has gone ~~1~~ 0 days without committing an impeachable offense.
up north. not much we can do outside our milk embargo for now, but we all wish you the best of luck. america is a lovely country.
i continue to wonder why the gop risk their careers for this clown when pence would sign every shit bill they lay on his desk.
step 1: get democrats elected to congress. step 2: impeach. can't do step 2 without step 1. mcconnell and ryan have made that perfectly clear. at best, about 30 gop reps would need to go along with the house dems to bring a motion to the floor to do anything. and that's as likely as seeing 3 gop senators vote to make schumer the senate leader.
if mcmaster is covering for trump it is hugely disappointing.
i am a life long republican. i decided about 50 days ago to change parties. i have totally had it with the republican party. i did not vote for trump. he is a dangerous person that is doing this country deep harm. someone needs to do something before he does irreversible harm. and the party is just letting this all happen. it is a disgrace and completely shameful.
probably more like this: trump: "i get great intel." kislyak: "psshh. that's not what obama said, he said you have tiny hands and your intel sucks." trump: "what?! i've got the best intel, believe me. i just can't reveal--" kislyak: "yeah obama said you'd say that. he said you're a little pussy that acts like he has good intel." trump: "that motherfucker!" *proceeds to reveal classified information*
this motherfucker could steal the krabby patty formula and actually get away with it.
i think this might just make the war hawks flip their shit.
don't worry, he's going after canada on softwood, a battle america has lost over and over. but russia is a true friend!
i'd bet you are right on the second guess. he just wants to be loved so much that he would give away the nuclear codes if he got a pat on the back and a "good boy".
reading that trump nuked north korean would actually surprise me **less** at this point.
and you know what? trump will continue to get intelligence reports for the rest of his life as all former presidents do. **he could keep doing this shit for the next 10-15 years if he should live so long.**
i honestly don't know what the tipping point is anymore. he fires comey, then meets with the russians in the oval office, at the request of putin, with one of the guys at the fucking center of the investigation. then trump admits he fired comey regardless of whatever the recommendation from the deputy ag/ag were (not counting that sessions recused himself) because he wanted the investigation into russia to stop. he then threatens comey about "tapes", and now it comes out that he leaked classified info to the fucking russians that we don't share with our allies. what. the. fuck. what else has to happen for the republicans to act?
trump is definitive proof that the government is not involved with bigfoot, ufos, time travel, killing jfk or 9/11. otherwise he'd tell all of us the first chance he got.
hopefully this forces the intelligence agencies into rapid action to get trump the fuck out of the oval office. if they know that the global network of information sharing that they've been developing for the last century is at risk they might look to speed things up a bit.
liberals are finally waking up to what conservatives have known for years; no amount of good argumentation matters if you don't have political power. there's no beautifully written and logically sound essay that's going to take down trump. if you don't vote in every election from dog-catcher to senator, nothing you retweet matters. if he openly and flagrantly breaks the law, but republicans still control all the apparatus it would take to remove him, it doesn't matter. there's nothing he can say, nothing he can do, nothing the damn russia investigation could turn up that will remove him. it takes political power.
wow. i know it isn't illegal, per se, since he as president has the final say on classificiation, but this is huge. i'd give 50/50 odds that this was intentional vs. him being so fucking thick and vain that lavrov charmed it out of him, too.
i imagine lewis black will have decent material soon.
it was a liberal baby with pre-existing conditions.
anxiously awaiting the inevitable "failing washington post" tweet from trump any minute now.
thomas paine was an incredible american. died shunned because he was way before his time in his confrontation with religion.
spicer could quit anytime he wants, and no reasonable person would blame him. every time he steps up to the podium, he's choosing to do this to himself.
john mccain's actions as of lately i haven't been impressed with. though many people forget how much of a hero he is for having gone through this hardship. i really hope he acts responsibly with his reaction to this news.
he'd probably get impeached. but i am dead certain that unless it was an innocent (white) baby on its way back from baptism, a solid ~20% of voters would start making excuses for him.
there's this weird attempt to separate islam from christianity by claiming that even though they're both the god of abraham that islam was actually coopted by a mother religion that worshiped the moon, and that's why they use the crescent moon iconography
this is insanity. not only does he have no clue how bad the russia thing is, he thought it was no big deal just to blab state secrets to a foreign ambassador. i don't know what the technical definition of treason is but this bullshit is more than enough for my standard.
i know you were being sarcastic, but clinton didn't even share classified info. people discussed things that were retroactively labeled classified, but there's no evidence that any of it was hacked or shared with people who weren't supposed to have access to it.
russia is the ally. (in trump's world). our real allies are now second class friends.
thanks. those two statements are clearly irreconcilable. if the unredacted transcript is not published then you know which one is true.
the thing is, there isn't (yet) any indication that this was done *on purpose*. which makes it all the more breath-taking. how on earth can this man be entrusted with our national security if he makes these gob-smackingly amateurish mistakes?
my guess is that buzzfeed news is full of young reporters who are hungry and have nothing to lose. big firms may be still playing the "access journalism" game and don't push too hard.
trump's logic: "you know what i should do to make me look more innocent during a fbi investigation? give classified information to russia"
i could break my own legs with a baseball bat if i want, that doesn't mean it's a good idea.
i doubt it. this is probably a "big move" that they will praise him for
man, trump might be a total disaster and we now probably have a schism where 30% of our country is basically impossible to politically reintegrate into our national fabric, but the one silver lining here is that journalism has stepped up its game 200 fold from just 2 years ago.
well ya see, hillary didn't mean to share classified info but she did, which reveals incompetence. trump *meant* to share classified info, which shows real boldness. /s
seriously. can you imagine if obama did this? or if hillary got elected and immediately leaked information to the russians? they would have been impeached within 24 hours. but republicans don't have standards i guess.
us politics have entered a new chapter in the past year or so that could be titled: **nothing matters anymore**. like you said, trump fires comey, meets with the russians, etc. he brags about sexual assault and his penis size, breaks every rule in the book of presidential campaigns, refuses to disclose his tax returns, and thousands of other things i won't bother with, and he still gets away with it. he has yet to receive punishment. decency? honesty? the constitution? nothing matters anymore. us politics has become *trivial*, a game of pure partisan savagery where scoring points for your team and bending the rules to your benefits are all that matters. the greater good? forget about it. politics has become the hunger games.
no way - he pissed off a gypsy and no matter where he falls asleep he wakes up in virginia 30 minutes before a briefing.
way worse. he just compromised an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation. voluntarily.
i'm not an expert, but this seems to be worse than having an email server that nobody ever appears to have hacked, right?
lifelong liberal here, but i have lots of family that i always considered to be thoughtful, responsible republicans. we could actually have civil discussions and disagreements. i miss republicans like that, and sincerely believe that our democracy is strengthened when there are different viewpoints that have to be sorted out via our electoral process. but the current incarnation of the republican party is just surreal to me. they seem rabidly hateful, dishonest, irrational, fanatic...all really terrifying qualities. i honestly can't understand why or how they got to this place and why they'd allow someone like trump to represent their principles and collective voice. it's caused me to lose a lot of faith in many of my fellow americans. your post cheered me up a tiny bit. best wishes to you
they use their click bait bullshit to pull in money to pay for their news arm they poach serious journalist to build credibility.
un-fucking-real. when are his supporters going to drop this 4d chess bullshit? it sounds like he can't even read... "u.s. officials said that the national security council continues to prepare multi-page briefings for trump to guide him through conversations with foreign leaders but that he has insisted that the guidance be distilled to a single page of bullet points, and often ignores those." really?
it will take a few hours for them to circle the wagons. my prediction is something along the lines of, "the president determines what information is classified, and is allowed to share information with other countries as he sees fit."
what else would you expect from a guy who thinks the human body is like a battery with a finite amount of energy, and when you work out, you are using up that energy and causing yourself to die early.
we are losing the faith of our allies by the hour. hopefully the intelligence community revolts from within.
and he didn't even need to be tortured! fun fact: john mccain is incapable of raising his arms above his head because of the brutal torture he received as a pow. they broke both his arms and didn't set them right.
yes, let's hang up on the pm of australia and refuse to shake merkel's hand, but cozy up to turkey, egypt, and the philippines. i don't want my country's foreign policy dictated by a man who has a hard-on for authoritarians.
a warning issued for saying he disagrees? this is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears, and going "la, la, i'm not listening!"
no need to wait on "soon." i saw lewis black live last month. he's already amassed a treasure trove of material from this shit. i laughed. i cried. i left more disgruntled than ever. good times.
trump *can* declassify anything he wants. it's just the context here makes him **extremely fucking incompetent**.
but every trump supporter will still say "but where's the proof?"
it's really sad that a newspaper has higher respect for classified information than our president does.
we will be fine. this isn't russia, the stakeholders in government won't be murdered. the arms of the government are dealing with this, and while it's going slower than any of us would like, it's actually moving very rapidly. he will destroy himself and the gop is going to get annihilated for years to come over this.
so let me get this right. putin made a special request that trump meet the ambassador, and trump complied. all us media was shut out, but russian media was allowed. and he gave them classified information. ... *sigh*
trump could literally be caught taking a wad of cash from putin in exchange for policy decisions and republicans in congress won't see "reason to investigate." they're all corrupt; they're all craven. vote them out.
the only way to get him to do something is to insist it's the opposite of what obama would do. someone telling him that "obama would be tweeting about this nonstop" would mean a quiet 45. except when it comes to golfing, i guess. seems 45 was just jealous of obama's golf trips and decided that he had to golf ten times harder just to prove superiority.
"a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed" what a world we live in.
yep. he's the only guy in the world who becomes president of the fucking united states of america and is still so insecure he has to brag about the perks of the job.
did..did his advisors and lawyers get him to shut the fuck up and not draw attention to a forthcoming wapo piece?
his approval rating with the republican base has to get so catastrophically low enough that cooperating with him hurts their chances of passing their agenda of tax cuts for the wealthy and eliminating social programs and the epa. it's still in the upper 80s. even when nixon resigned (under pressure by a democratic congress) his approval rating among republicans was still ~55.
the democrats need to come out and say that they are basically going to keep a list of every single piece of legislation that the gop passed before they decided to turn on trump, and that when the democrats retake control of congress and the white house, they are going to repeal every single last piece of legislation the gop passed.
same here. i was hoping to quit this addiction after hillary wins election and life goes to normal. several treasons later i'm still here
this news in 1997: holy shit! this news in 2002: world war is coming. this news in 2012: potus is killing america. this news in 2017: i guess it's monday.
despite the bunch of comments below saying they don't like trudeau. i think he's already done a lot of good things and overall like the way he's taking our country. i didn't vote for him, and he's made some decisions i disagree with but i think he's doing a really good job compared to either of the alternatives at the moment. if there were another election today, trudeau would probably win again.
he had been awfully quiet given the ongoing bad headlines. i was expecting daily tweetstorms. wonder if this was why spicey was so subdued today.
yeah. right before the end of humanity they put on a nice flourish!
well put. this was probably israel or jordan, but at this point, who on earth would share sources/methods with us intelligence, knowing trump might compromise them.
guys, help. i'm full-on addicted to american politics and i'm not even from your country. wapo might as well be crack with a subscription service.
people were saying this shit during the campaign. that he's totally unstable and cannot be trusted with information like that. but whatever, emails, i guess.
"allowed" starts to lose it's meaning when talking about clandestine foreign affairs of sovereign countries. allowed or not, however, there will certainly be consequences to the united states for doing this.
i'm a canadian living here. it's... quite the experience. i feel like i'm on a plane slowly divebombing into the ocean and i'm looking at my passport like it's a goddamn eject seat going "now? do i wait? how late is too late before i get the fuck out?"
i wonder what carlin would say if he were still around to witness all this. i know that it would be hysterical, if nothing else.
and here's the kicker; it was entirely unprompted. lavrov was probably standing there, mouth agape, at what this blithering idiot offered up totally on his own.
if this is true and not mischaracterized. lets be real. any trump supporter that is not saying "lock him up" - cares more about their party winning than the country.
i don't know where you're from but help us, please.
i actually don't know what it's gonna take anymore.
my favorite from the soccer sketch is: "that man's nose must be *absolutely* devastated! it's gonna look like a witch that flew her broom into her nose and then crashed into a hammer!"
i swear the commentators make these sketches so much funnier. the soccer one is great too.
to be honest, i'll keep the snail locked up but accessible if i want it. what if i ever get bored of living? i need a way out.
this is what i thought as well. this isn't a downer ending, the entire film is a fricking downer
i'm sorry but garlic and onions are *not* fucking "optional".
i got fired from my families nathans for telling an old lady i'd punch her in the face if she spit at me. we rented space at a wal-mart and the district manager heard the half of the conversation where i threatened an old lady. he called my dad who owned it and told him his half of the story and that they needed to fire that employee or they'd break the lease. that was a bad day.
there's this scene in hot fuzz where someone slips and falls with his chin on a miniature church. when grosses out by the scene, my father casually mentioned he once saw his neighbour slip and fell with her chin on one of these iron fences.
the thing is, you've probably seen a hundred videos of dancers who are a lot more skilled. dancers doing utterly baffling moves. but none of them has the style of mj. he was magical.
yeah man, surviving heat death is a major problem. as smart as that presumably malevolent snail is, it can't communicate. having it tossed into a reasonably sized metal ball that you secretly keep with you at all times means it isn't likely to be opened without your consent. since it's with you, you don't risk losing it and accidentally surviving eternity. dying early because the snail found a way out sucks, sure, but floating in space alone sucks way more.
i thought that was the point of slice-of-life anime.
"he's like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot." is my personal favourite.
i worked at a grocery store when i was young and heard something very similar. guy behind be customer service counter yelled "i don't make enough to keep me on this side of the counter!" at this super bitchy woman, things got very heated after that. lots of yelling back and forth while the whole store just stopped and watched.
on top of that, if the snail is so smart, why can't it be reasoned with? it is sentient after all, and i'm sure the snail doesn't want to be thrown into a black hole...
ok jesus christ, even after knowing how it's done from the op, i still can't read his feet movements. i believe he was magical... period...
right? also, i could totally see that getting made into a movie, that is crazy that he found her again.
i swear i had a guy imitating him at work the other day. i went up to a table and asked for their order and he asked for ribs. i asked what kind of potato he wanted and he goes "potato?" so i explain (because a lot of people don't know the ribs come with a potato) and he's still confused so i say "you know... baked, fries, or even rice." and that's when the realization hits.
i have blueberry, raspberry, ginseng, sleepy time, green tea, green tea with lemon, green tea with lemon and honey, liver disaster, ginger with honey, ginger without honey, vanilla almond, white truffel, blueberry chamomile, vanilla walnut, constant comment and earl grey. ... i'll just make some sleepy time
sounds like what he needed was to gtfo the town he was in.
i am not familiar with us laws, but how would a pre-nup work in this case? could he have protected most of his assets?
yea but they couldn't give it pants? they had to go all check out my cup of balls and this cup of noodles.
why do they all go to pay.reddit? what is pay.reddit?
my neighbor won 18 million. he was older, and his wife had died years previously. he was a very low key millionaire. he lived in a modest, unkempt house. the only thing i saw him buy was a new truck. he was lonely, and married a waitress at his favorite diner. soon after she filed for divorce to get half of his money. he was tied up in courts for years. i moved not long after, so am not sure what the outcome was. i felt bad for the guy.
was this real? surely it can't be, you have to specifically choose a picture which it then shows you before you upload no? please let this be real :')
hey! thank you for thinking enough of this to pull it out and show people. you've put a smile on my face and a spring in my step.
fuck man that's crazy. i never imagined winning the lottery was like that.
japanese mma fighter doing a pose during one of the fight press conferences before the actual fight. cup o noodles man, a brand by nissin, is paying the mma for advertising space.
i was waiting for it to freeze, turn black and white, and the text "dog running on lake productions" to appear.
probably. he was older, and naive. he was lonely and thought she loved him. i'm not sure if the courts sided with him or not. either way, it sucks to have someone you love divorce you for your money, and tie you up in court so you can't enjoy the money/time you have left.
no kidding. a 3 bed 1 bath one story "fixer upper" (read: no one is looking at the structure because it's being torn down the day the place sells) goes for 2 million on my street
i live in nyc. im just going to ride the bus looking for situations like this everyday now.
this may be the best financial advice for when you accidentally gain a large amount of money.
that's a very cool story! are you still in contact with the girl?
i can't find it but it was an askreddit question about which actor/actress were secretly gay. all answers were *tom cruise*.
i used to do this as a bouncer all the time. it's so easy. "you wanna go? let's take it outside!" i raise my hand in an "after you" type motion, they walk outside and i pull the door shut and latch it. they'd go ape shit, but they'd do it outside while i smiled a big cheesy grin. it seriously even worked right after you were just trying to get them to leave. "you need to leave." "i'm not leaving. make me." "go outside." "fuck you, i can take you." "you wanna go? ok, let's go. outside." "alright!" they walk outside. i shut the door and latch it. it was so easy to sucker these meatheads. i was always amazed that what i was saying would barely change. i'd say "go outside" and they'd say "no". but if i offered to fight them then said "go outside" they totally would. i wasn't even saying "let's fight", i was saying "you wanna go?" and they heard what they wanted to. suckers.
not gonna lie, this helped me explain why i fell for so many of my female friends, even if it's just for a little bit. spot on.
one is the loneliest number! two tickets to paradise! three times the ladies! *fooooooooo*rever young!
can confirm all about whittaker. source: was my neighbor.
if i had anxiety issues i'm pretty sure some of those would give me a panic attack.
yeah, i find that as i become more familiar with any particular girl i just generally find them more attractive over time, even if upon first meeting them i may have thought otherwise.
it would be very easy to determine if it is a decoy snail or not. just walk around it. if it continues to follow you (like it is required to at all times), then you know it is the real snail. if it doesn't then its just a normal snail.
what if the real snail paid the decoy to follow him around?
wait a second... this isn't funny or nsfw but i like it
every so often, i'll wake up with a few dozen notifications and have that, "what did i post before sleeping?!" moment. always nice to see that it's the ulysses bucket list spreading!
i remember that. starts off as a cool guide to making a giant chocolate egg, ends with "i don't know wtf i'm doing."
the idea that he has a bottle of water and a seat is the most amazing thing about this video.
floating in space alone for eternity. not like end of the universe eternity but even when space and time are no longer things you would still be there. where there is i have no idea but that sounds absolutely horrifying. i think i'd keep the snail in an accessible location, absurdly secured but still accessible for when the universe becomes so inhospitable i will want to leave it.
so you're saying use the dog method of "wanna go outside?" to stop meatheads
you know what makes me sad. everyone kept coming up with ways to box the snail in or kill it or trap it. it never says the snail has to kill you, and if it's super intelligent enough to understand me, then i'd sit down at a safe distance with the snail, talk to it and let it know that while i could be an asshole and box it up, i'd rather spend my money investing in giving it the best snail life possible. i mean, it wouldn't even cost that much. snail is happy, i'm happy.
one of those "came here for the funny porn but learned how to make stir fry" kinda threads.
thank you for showing this to me. i had to share this with my so. she's always dwelling on the fact that i wasn't in love with her from the first day we met. i want to remind her that even though the love wasn't immediate, it is eternal.
i am just sharing stuff i found on reddit. i take no credit for writing the comment or the question. the guy that wrote it got 74 months of gold for it so he still has a few years left from just that comment alone, not counting if he got gold from any other comment since then.
eh, it used to be the secure version of reddit when reddit was not https and i just copied these links from an old post.
and i still wonder why they thought it was a good idea to play with a dildo in a playground.
can't wait to upvote this 17 different times later this week.
the mirrored text brought this to a different level.
what. didnt this have like 19000 upvotes? how come its at 7000 now?
leaking? we humans do not leak with our fleshy, organic coating containing any necessary fluids.
as much as i hate him, u/gallowboob is one of the more healthy karma whores for the site. he produces oc.
i like reposts. it's sometimes fun to see a raccoon lose his cotton candy or a kangaroo get punched by an aussie or a comic of a dog finding out he's a good boy.
hey pp, so how does it feel to have the number 1 post on reddit ever? you should do an ama.
stupid question: how are people making the captions float with the movement in the frame? is it a plugin for after effects or something?
it says, "we gotta make him a real redditor!" for anyone wondering.
what's with the 4,000 downvotes in the last few hours
saw this at 20,000 upvotes and now it's at 9,000 :( does anyone know where it peaked?
he's now employed by unilad, which is a company (?) that (mostly) steals reddit content and reposts to facebook. makes perfect sense, really.
i need a ... *god-damn* ... jan michael vincent over here!
there's only enough time for a jan michael vincent to make it to.. a quadrant. he can't be in two quadrants at once.
i was here. and i will be the last one the ever comment on this post!
this is like the 5th post i've seen in a week over 10k. reddit is either bigger than ever, or hive-mindier than ever. or, more likely, both. oh, and don't get me wrong, this is a great post; i upvoted too.
iirc from the comics, its a new groot but he retains all his memories from past groots.
reposts help people who missed the content the first time get a chance to see it. what we need are reposts that give credit to the original posts. give credit where credit is due.
doesn't that mean he might have clones everywhere and not know it?
i'll never be able to see what it is because it never loads for me.
one of the highest i've seen in my 9yrs of redditing. also, what am i doing with my life.
so this wins right? this gif just won reddit. all of it.
this post was well over 10000 upvotes and now it's 5000, so who are the children that downvote? honestly i'm surprised people defend themselves as being reposters this way
great job, op. i can't wait to see how may reposts this gets with your watermark.
in the comics, it's the former. he can regrow from a single twig, and from context (conversations with rocket, mainly) it seems like he maintains all of his former memories when he does this.
someone said it is an algorithm to drop old content off of popular sub
iirc, in the comics, he's basically able to regenerate from a single twig, so it'd be the same one. however in the comics the process is only supposed to take a few hours or so, and it appears to be taking substantially longer in the movie-verse, so it might be more of a sapling sort of situation.
i'm still a bit confused, is baby groot the same groot but a new spawn? or did the og groot die and this is sapling is sort of his son?
water/flying (or did you leave out the /s i honestly dont know)
well that depends. who are you? are you a physical body, a personality and memories, or a combination of both? if you're mind was transferred into a new body would it still be you? i once saw a documentary that dealt with this by robert schneider called "the hot chick." i recommend you check it out. the chick from the notebook is in it.
why are people so hesitant and afraid to give op credit in their reposts anyway? do they think that will reduce their karma somehow?
power points. he can only use fire blast 5 times (or 8 if he used specific drugs)
welp, looks like i found my new series to watch thanks to you two
that's a strange way of doing it when they could just weigh the votes but still keep the "approximately this many people upvoted it" metric somewhat useful.
why does every comment have fucking at least 20 upvotes???
seriously, it's at 19k now?! i'm posting here just to make history.
yeah that's why i'm here lol. wanted to see how high the top post was at now.
i fucking hate karma decay, its a nonsense way of keeping the front page fresh, but if people are still that happy with this post it should not be decayed until people are fucking done with it. doesn't exactly motivate people to contribute to this shit system.
the longer a post is up reddit removes up votes. it's to prevent one post from always being at the top of r/all
eh, do we know for sure that vol 2 takes place more than a few hours after the first one? i haven't seen anything to suggest a significant amount of time has passed.
after reading your comment i watched it like 6 more times and i still don't see it. where is it?
yeah we don't know how long it's been. though i hope they change things for the movie. baby groot is an adorable character, and fans would be bummed if he fully "grew up" pretty early in the film
how'd this go from 22k upvotes down to 15k upvotes??
yeah but 20k? 10k is definitely impressive but 20k is insane.
is reddit where thechive gets its employees as well? content is definitely taken from here.
this has gone from 21000 upvotes, to 17000, now it's at 11000
couldnt remember. thought he was dragon/water due to the fact he looks like the way japanese and other asian cultures detail their dragons as flying snakes
i didn't realize how much i missed groot until now.
dude, you're going to get murdered one of these days. your feel-good story about feeling comfortable there changes nothing. this isn't about prejudice-you have literal crackheads barging into your house. put those bars up or get a gun or something.
i was struggling a few months back with just feeling utterly, cosmically insignificant. i listened to that song on loop for like a week. the lyrics about the rock on top of the mountain and "looking through heaven's eyes" really helped me out. i think i came through the other side quite changed for the positive as a person. :)
anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation. there's not much difference there.
uh, that sounds nice and all, but you sound like a very comedic murder victim.
not sure if you'll read this, but i'm now in the "hood" (though.. it's really not even close to the hood of my city) and i've realized the problems are caused by kids.. not by adults. anyone that's living in their own place or even with roommates has shit to do so they keep to themselves . it's the neighborhood kids with nothing to do out getting into trouble.
i am glad op had such a good experience but much like you, i had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". there was a general rule in the town i lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. they were right. one time i came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. another time, i came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. there were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. when kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. great for op to have had a good experience but i refuse to go through this again so i will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on.
i just spent a year in a bad neighborhood. i am much more frightened now.
it's a numbers game. op just hasn't been there long enough for the shit to hit yet. one night that homeless vagrant wandering into his backyard will be balls deep in a schizo episode with knife in hand. op yelling out will just be a taunt. one night that light above his drive will go out and never be replaced, suddenly making his corner of the street enticing. the 'bad' areas aren't constant doom and gloom, but the doom comes suddenly and without hesitation far more often than it does in the burbs.
it's funny when people think they need to feed cats
this is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. i live cincinnati and just north of downtown in otr is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that i would definitely call safe, but i would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district
dude i live in a big city (~1m people) known for its homeless and very mild weather, and when i'm out running at night and i see anyone who isn't easily identifiable as "not weird", i move to the other side of the street. the fact you're chilling with the homeless is mind boggling to me. like, i don't mean i think it's disgusting, just that i don't think i ever could do it.
sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. that's the difference.
this is a basic, though understandable, misreading of the conservative position. most conservatives won't phrase their position as "fuck the poor." many support private charity initiatives. it's just that (a) they don't trust the government to be the one to help, and (b), they think welfare programs actually trap the poor in a cycle. it's the difference between buying a kid a candy bar and telling him to do some chores for his allowance (of course, this example only works if there are actually chores for him to do).
i think op admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. used to run a pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). when he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him.
this is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs i've heard. desperate people do desperate things. it's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community?
i guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. i'm in a similar situation- i moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! i never have any trouble and i can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. living the dream.
it's not just perspective though, i think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods. op lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. i lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. during those days, anyone who i spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. by the time i moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live. it's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. it's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs.
assuming you are male? wondering if your gf feels any different? when i first moved to la, i lived in a very low income/homeless area. hardly a day went by without being catcalled, followed and talked to wanting my number or money etc., basically i had to be on higher alert of my surroundings at all times. not to mention the van i drove at the time was broken into countless times and was stripped to almost bare bones inside. i now have a spouse (also female) and a kid and need to move. the only thing in our price range takes us back to these types of areas...maybe i need to find something more 'neighborhood-y'? anyways, just curious on your gf's perspective when she would be out and about on her own.
"fuck you i got mine". a lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way.
we moved back to l.a. four years age, and moved into a "bad" neighborhood, and one that is more ethnically diverse than i had lived in before. in the first two and a half years, we had a home invasion and a drive-by shooting that left a 9mm hole in my neighbor's front window and one in the front door of the building, the door that my family used to go in and out of several times a day. also, i had a lot of my belongings in a storage unit because we were short on space. the unit was broken into and all my things were stolen. a house across the street went up in a huge inferno because the people were living in pack rat conditions. on july 4 the neighborhood is like a war zone because of all the m80s. we saved up and moved to a nice neighborhood that is much less diverse and have been much happier since. i tried to like it but it was horrible. i have nightmares about people breaking into my house now.
some homeless people are ok. my friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. they chose the life they lead. others were probably insane. many homeless are veterans with psychological issues. just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why i would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions.
i totally agree. poverty created by serious drug addictions is a lot different than traditionally poor neighborhoods. in the former situation, people are probably roaming around at 3 am because they are dying of withdrawal symptoms and would do anything just to get the money in your pocket. it's sad, but that puts you in a compromising decision. i know a lot of people who have been robbed because they tried to help with something they just couldn't.
i had a bit of the opposite experience - within a year of moving into a low-income section of a new city, i had my car ransacked, my laundry stolen from my apartment complex, and one of my windows smashed in by an angry homeless man while i was driving my car. i had never known this sense of violation and fear before. i'd like to think that i haven't developed paranoia, just better street smarts. all car valuables are well-hidden. i don't walk alone in certain areas anymore. i've got a gas-cap lock, a home motion detector, and pepper spray. i still believe in the goodness of the human spirit, but i've also learned that desperate circumstances drive people to be awful to each other.
could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? for the homeless or the homeowners? legal action like... foreclosure? divorce?
real talk, op doesn't live in the ghetto. listening to the media talk about ferguson, mo like it was compton was infuriating. if you think ferguson is ghetto than martin luther king and north garrison will make your hair stand up.
where i grew up the dude coming through the woods would rob you and the stray cat would have been killed either with boiling water or a pit bull.
i just read through all of this, an i can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome guys.
i found a genuine smile to be one of the most disarming things in the ghetto. as a white guy with an angry face, everyone always expected the worst from me. but if i flash a shit eating grin, i can get most people to smile. that said i also had the fun of moving into an area where i was the white guy who lived in the area. i don't think there was another white person for blocks. but the worst i would ever get is glared at, and only when i was out with my (black) wife. a lot of older black guys still have a real problem with interracial relationships, which was something i didn't realize before hand
i've lived in lower class neighborhoods my whole life. i've recently started a new job and moved to a middle-class suburb, and it's so much nicer here. no more being woken up at 3am by a gang of rowdy skangers coming home from the pub. no more wondering if i'm going to be mugged while walking through the nacker estate. the overall fitness, hygiene, attractiveness, and manners of everyone here is so much higher.
of course the locals aren't robbing/murdering you. you ever heard of the phrase "don't shit on your own doorstep"?
i fucking love that movie. it has an awesome soundtrack.
there is a lyric from the prince of egypt movie (wait wait...stay with me) that goes "when all you've got is nothing g,there's a lot to go around." i've always liked that lyric and i feel it is more or less true. there is a stark difference when hanging out with a bunch of "lower class" people vs. "upper class". it's so prevalent that there are plenty of hollywood movies that touch on this very idea.
that's awesome. that's what we're hoping for. right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. thankfully she doesn't even surgery. it's been as mild as i could have hoped for.
don't know about you, but every poor person i've ever met was poor.
a homeless person didn't "show up at his back door", they were walking through the woods.
honestly the difference between a "good neighborhood" and a "bad neighborhood" is less to do with income and more to do with how vigilant and willing people are when it comes to assisting catching lawbreakers. the neighborhoods people don't mind shooting people in broad daylight, they know they can do so with impunity because snitches get stitches in that area.
they're not puppies. if he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it.
homeless people showing up at my back door at 3am is exactly what i'd refer to as "the bad part of town".
a lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. it gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. i have been mistaken for indian, hispanic, and black, so i frequently feel the side eye.
as someone who adopted oakland as her home...nah, it's amazing here. i wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world. it's amazingly diverse, everyone smokes weed, and there's so much culture and creativity. also, not all parts of oakland are "bad". it is gentrifying rapidly, which is certainly cause for concern, but i absolutely love this city.
same. within 6 months 1. my car was robbed 3 times. 2. my apartment was robbed twice. 3. i had a knife pulled on me. 4. i had a gun pulled on me. 5. people tried to sell me xanax, dope, coke, crack, meth (outside my house) that being said, i still couldn't really give a fuck about any of it. i've got no problem going back to that area because i refuse to let the actions of a few garbage human beings control my life
but it's also true. there's loads of mean rich people, the same way there are rich poor people. i think it comes down to changing your personal circle, becoming someone else to only "better" yourself so that a circle of peers that you deem better than the one you are currently in accepts you. be it money or social status, some people are assholes, and will put others down to get ahead of other people.
i really hope there is some getting used to it. i'v been living in a predominantly upscale suburb for most of my upbringing and now i live in santa ana, ca. the local people seem to be okay but most most wear a mean mug, resting bitch face or stare me down as i smile at them. hopefully i'll get used to it, today is only day 4.
money won't make you happy but a lack of it will really suck ass.
ya.... i've lived in bad parts and ok and really good parts. what op describes is the ok parts that might be next to the bad parts. it is good that this is opening them up, but op might not want to look into other bad parts that might be worse :)
lmao holy shit you're crazy. i'd do it with an elevator... not stairs or a ladder.
yeah, all those stories are quite in keeping with the compton stereotypes i've learned via hollywood. i don't think we have it quite that bad in atlanta.
as someone who has been homeless wealthier neighborhoods are far more dangerous and your far more likely to lose your belongings due to legal actions than you are to get them stolen in a poor neighborhood. of course in wealthier neighborhoods the people that get violent tend to feel they are legally justified to do so, but the danger is still greater. the people in poor neighborhoods are far nicer people to each other and the homeless stranger. though i have had to distance myself from a few places due to theft of my bags of aluminum cans and other belongings, not even the druggies are really dangerous. the rare exceptions are easily identified. mexican neighborhoods, in my experience, are the absolute best in every way. even the kids come running over with cold drinks and asking all sorts of kid questions.
i get that you want to show us how the bad neighborhood isn't really that bad but you included a crack head literally forcing your door open and entering your home. whatever his intentions, that ain't normal. the totally innocent "oops, got the wrong house" doesn't include smashing open the door. i know that you and the crack heads are cool. but keep in mind that sometimes you're dealing with the drug, not the person. when drugs and addiction are involved, people do not always behave rationally or predictably. it doesn't make them bad people, of course. but be careful. "you can turn your back on a person. but never turn your back on a drug." - hst.
sometimes poor people are all other poor people got. also, totally dig the username. i just finished the new season myself. awesome.
there's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the us. i was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood i realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. black, hispanic, or indian. and my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. it's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. economic class is everything.
it's just perspective. i moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. in the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. it's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. everyone i talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. i think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. so i wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. though there are certain areas on the outskirts that i wouldn't want to go late at night.
i've always heard about the rough parts in cali like compton, etc, and i have always assumed the stereotypes are true. but i've got a friend who works for google and he's moving out to silicon valley to work for some new startup. made me wonder - are the rough parts of cali really that rough? or are they just poorer and less white than the extremely rich and gentrified surrounding areas? maybe i'd be singing a different tune if the neighborhood i'm living in were actually bad. maybe the residents of the atlanta area don't otherize one another as strictly as other, less integrated cities. people think that the south is full of racist rednecks, but if you're within 30 miles of atlanta then the only n word you hear a white person call someone is "neighbor," for the most part. i went to high school in a suburb of atlanta fifteen plus years ago. it was absolutely not cool to say racist shit. move thirty miles in any direction and racism is just a matter of course.
tree streets, around here. pine, elm, ceder, etc.
my daughter has a very very mild club foot. when she was born it was all twisted and on its side. broke my heart. we're extremely lucky that we have a shriners hospital here in town, not only that but we know a ton of the doctors there. her foot is getting better and on the fast track to being totally normal. however my point is, if you want or need to readjust your perspective go to children's hospital.
i'm not trying to describe the republican party. i'm trying to describe the actions of the elected republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal republican base tends to exhibit.
so, i'm not really living a neighborhood of absolute squalor. many of my neighbors may have subsidized housing and others might depend on social welfare programs. some of my neighbors smoke crack and others deal it on the side. but these aren't people that are on the verge of homelessness. some actually own their units. they might get the power or water cut off every other month, but they aren't about to be on the street. that probably makes all the difference.
is it not a problem that the homeless people keep coming back every night if you help them once? that's what i would find annoying.
so i have club feet, too. i just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. i had surgeries, i had the casts, and i had the special shoes. i barely remember all of that. as an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. heck, i barely remember myself! it only really comes up when i run too far or swim too much. and even then its only pain like what i imagine arthritis is like. heck, i even ran a half marathon! ...thought i'll never do that again!
it's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". i worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. there is constant crime, people are on the community fb page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, i mean it's insane.
i'm so glad you're doing better! i'm not at all a religious person but i have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community.
yup, that's the prejudice you'll likely face. and if you ever complain about being unfairly judged for your family wealth you can expect to hear very little sympathy. this is not fair. you might not ever live a life wherein you need worry about where your next meal is coming from. but wealth brings about all sorts of other problems that your average person never has to deal with, im sure. in the end, we are all just worm food. the struggle to live a good and useful life is not restricted to the non-wealthy.
i grew up in a bad neighborhood. i've always maintained that its not so bad as long as you know how to protect yourself and your things. things like leaving the tv or the radio on when you leave the house, staying alert while walking in the street while no looking scared; makes all the difference. to this day i never have more then 1 headphone in at a time. the worst thing to happen to me was a kid snatched my phone once. i chased him but fucker was fast and i had on heels.
thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. i see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst i think they're up to is smoking weed. that's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. we were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. lucky no one died.
perhaps. my next door neighbor sells weed. a couple weeks ago i answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. i told them they were looking for sha'niece next door. they thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "oh, i wouldn't, why did you even? what? no. don't worry." i replied. then i realized he only said that because i am white. it was the first time i was a victim of prejudice. i was pretty excited. it was just like when i got my first pimple. i was so stoked to oxycute it.
it has always been my assertion it's not a racial prejudice but a cultural prejudice that plagues humanity.
@altxatu: we just found out, around noon today, via sonogram, that our daughter (my first) might have a club foot. i haven't posted to reddit in years. but i'm writing now, with tears in my eyes, to thank you for your little story, lifting our broken hearts. god bless you!
the thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. you get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go.
the opposite was true for me sadly. :( when i moved to the "bad" neighborhood, i got my car broken into twice, my apartment door lock was forced once, and and i got robbed once someone came in through the window, all this in a two year span. i don't know how old you are, but it sounds very young and naive, i'm guessing you are in your 20s. even on the shittiest town on any western country, most of the people are good people. doesn't mean there are risks and dangers associated with living there.
yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. i think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here.
that's humbling to read. now you've got me blushing. what i said is simply the truth - as i see it. and i can easily and honestly reply that there are too few people like you in this world. take a moment to allow yourself to be self-indulgent and explore the truth in that statement and blush too. there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a pat on the back here and there. sometimes it's the only encouragement you'll ever receive to keep you moving forward. be kind to yourself. it sounds simple, but it's not.
regardless, i'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house.
i'm sorry but if there was a murder at a gas station it is dangerous. you should be a bit more careful. it may be fine to help the homeless but on your property at your house you're inviting trouble. you could get robbed or attacked or end up having your place be the new homeless shelter (unless that's what you want). yes, i agree most people who live in low-income housing shouldn't be judged poorly and may be great people. nevertheless, you should never fuck around with your safety, especially when there are murders in the area.
i know! i don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." the fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me.
as someone who has participated in the planning and tactical side of things, they have to have a plan. rushing a building full of civilians and getting in a call of duty style gun battle would make things infinitely worse. people won't just stay down, you'd have gun fire, people running for cover, running right through the line of fire, the gunman just starts blindly firing, things really go south. 3 hours seems forever, when you armchair qb it, but from initial call, to resolution is an acceptable span of time in my mind.
his parents weren't. media likes controversy, don't forget. next week is going to be really shitty for me -.-
the gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. they didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious.
i wonder what the police tactics were on this one? i hear the gunman took hostages and started executing. i'll be so pissed if it's a repeat of columbine where the police waited outside for hours while those kids were getting executed.
i strongly suspect this is an isis-fan terrorism attack. he probably had no actual ties to isis, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy.
i feel bad for all the nice people who get tangled up in this shit.
i would say he wasn't thinking of the other people. he wanted to keep the shooter away from him.
my brother was club hopping and was on his way there but stopped to get some food with friends, he was five minutes away before it happened but decided to go home instead. it's so fucking crazy how close some things are to being completely different, i'm so grateful.
an off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 am. two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff.
obama sounded tired, defeated and almost numb to this type of situation.
thanks. fwiw we do have "newsworthy" megathreads here time to time, hence the specific flair and purple coloring in the header. robin williams passing was our first "breaking news" megathread, with muhammad ali passing being the most recent. there's also a link in the sidebar allowing you to filter only breaking news stories (along with our other flairs like "serious" and "modposts").
as an american who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. i am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in paris.
"hey man, i know this looks bad but you'll be fine. you just gotta keep your head up."
it breaks my heart that pride month will always have this bleak reminder of how much more we have to fight for. this was a vile homophobic act by a maniac. my heart goes out to the families and friends of those who were murdered, and everyone involved. i hope they find peace amongst the pain.
so like a homing beacon of badassitude and honor. for real, whenever shit hits the fan, standing near brown people with cool hats always seems to be the wise choice.
it's now officially the worst shooting in us history. :(
i'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. you see a lot of shit in 8 years as prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck"
russia got a lot of shit for the (likely) carfentanil / remifentanil gas used in the moscow theater hostage crisis of ~~2012~~ 2002. the gas itself was probably responsible for the deaths of many hostages, but a coordinated response team with naltrexone / medics with bag masks, especially in a young, relatively healthy population (not the food / water deprived hostages in the moscow theater), could become a viable strategy, especially if the assumption is going to be that hostages will die anyway.
can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. i mean when i get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that i think it might be. but as president of the united states oh my god could be anything.
i'm not even trying to be insensitive. as a gay man, this is terrifying to me. it's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend.
should we random acts of pizza the blood donation centers?
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. shame.
unfortunately, it's looks like swat waited outside for over 3 hours while he executed everyone inside. they said it was a hostage situation while people inside were sending out texts that he was rounding up and killing everyone.
according to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. i'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence.
i'm sure amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea
how do you claim your isis mega-reward when you're dead?
i assume the families didn't have to pay the tickets right?
the shooting at pulse is devastating. two of my friend's family members were there and thankfully got out (one of them was shot, but will be ok). if you are in the orlando area, please consider donating blood. they are in desperate need of o positive, o negative, and ab plasma blood donors.
mods started nuking everything once fbi confirmed he was muslim.
throwing out the baby with the bathwater. gays, guns, muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm.
well that was officially the most reluctant upvote i've ever given.
we could always order stuff from amazon prime now for them. get them what they need.
the shooter's father has apparently said that he had become angry after seeing two guys kiss in miami. so yeah, seems like he hates gays and this was a hate killing.
this is something i had never even considered and it gives me chills to think about it
my best friend lives right around the corner from pulse and spent the night hiding in her closet because she was hearing gunfire but didn't know where it was coming from or what was going on. i can't even imagine how terrifying it must have been for everyone there.
i feel like there really is no "right" thing to do in that situation, especially given the fact that you would be in save my ass mode. i don't how i feel about it, but i can definately see rationale.
cookies come to mind. and if you're in the area, you can make those! my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this.
seriously, i first saw this on facebook after being on reddit for 30 minutes. that's never happened before.
i'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism.
sadly, we know too well what you're going through.
they weren't at first. the story was on the front page when it started to come out but as soon as they found out who the shooter was they started censoring the hell out of everything.
i live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, i'm glad your friend is safe.
i think i will. prime now can deliver in 2 hours. even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials. this can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly.
i think the team at orlando regional medical center deserve some recognition here. my hat goes off to anyone working there during the time this tragic event was occurring, especially the nurses and surgeons. it takes a lot of gut to be able to keep cool and perform your duties on people so frightened, while under the stress of knowing that people have already died as a result of the event. stay strong everyone.
it's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency.
was reading about this about 2 hours ago, went to do other things, my friend told me the death toll is up to 50 now, went back on reddit to read about it and had to keep scrolling down and down and down...
i agree 100% r/news is now dead. worst censorship scandal ever.
my guess is that they delete any comment mentioning islam. only a guess, though. can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments.
please make sure your friend knows that there are *many, many* americans -- including in places where he might least expect to find them -- who understand that not all muslims subscribe to the isis interpretation of islam in the same way there are many christians who do not subscribe to the beliefs of those so-called christians who would discriminate against the lgbtq community.
that is a *great* recommendation that i never would have thought of.
i love how the character in the graphic is standing there awkwardly like 'so....yeah'
i'm glad you're safe. something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... i couldn't even imagine.
news said a police officer opened fire on him as he was going into the club at around 3am, they didn't go in after him until 5am because he had hostages. meanwhile accounts are coming out from inside saying during this time he was lining people up killing them anyways. 2 hours wasted while people still being killed.
probably is. how many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? gotta get disheartening
not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. if you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks.
i live about 45 minutes from orlando and have sooooo many friends who frequent this nightclub. i am praying right now. not sure if any of them were there during this, but such a horrible moment...
still unable to locate my friend. i've called the hotline set up and had a friend drive to the hamptons inn where family center is set up and they are still not releasing any information at this time. i've called orlando regional and other hospitals and i get nothing.
while it's too early to tell, i'd lean towards that was part of their mo last night.
angry about two guys kissing in miami? you may as well get angry about the sun shining in miami. what a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch.
i'm sad to say the death toll in this one is probably not finished. the trauma surgeon at ormc said he expects to see that number climb throughout the day; many of the victims transported to the hospital were in very critical condition.
"honestly, if i were two-faced, would i be showing you this one?" - abraham lincoln in response to an accusation by stephen douglas
so i imagine that obama will give a televised speech about this shooting some time today? it would make sense since this shooting is now (unfortunately) historic in its death toll.
he honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. it's something i really admire about him. especially when he spoke about sandy hook, i felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president.
it seems as though every time this event comes up on reddit, i learn of a new thing to bring me to tears, but somehow this did me in worse than anything ever has. the thought of being a firefighter, and knowing what that sound is, standing there and hearing so many of them, and you're totally helpless. i just cannot imagine what that must have felt like.
people will say "you can't blame them." but i am totally blaming them.
thanks for your kindness. we need to stick together.
god that is awful. i'm glad you and your friend are okay. what happened today was terrible, i hope we can one day live in a world where these kinds of tragedies don't occur. i definitely can't relate the kind of fear the victims and their loved ones must have felt, but i hope they can get through this.
for real. i was talking to a sikh guy in my area once, and he told me that sikhs wear turbans and keep small knives (kirpans) as an indicator to those around them that the sikhs are there to help those in need.
for anyone who is in florida and was considering donating blood or plasma, come back on tuesday to your local blood drives since they have already reached the need volume for today. so come back on tuesday when the next round is needed.
correct, i believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time.
apparently he pledged to isis just before this. also, ramadan just started, and isil leaders are proclaiming mega-rewards to anyone who does acts like these during this time.
did [edited to remove name], that dumb fucking son of a bitch, not understand that this is going to make people at large *more* sympathetic to homosexuals and *less* sympathetic to muslims? it's not even the horrific, utterly senseless loss of life, it's that even from his perspective, his actions will have the complete opposite effect of what he set out to do in the longer run. he wasn't just an evil fucking idiot, he was an *incompetent* evil fucking idiot. my sympathies go out to everyone affected by such a horrible tragedy. love yourself and each other.
if you didn't, i sent off a couple emails to amazon linking your comment with the urging that they at least research the possibility of implementing this. i hope you have as well, i feel we aren't the only people who would help.
donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on.
i can see they're actively removing threads for it...
people think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates. when lincoln and douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both.
to be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, i'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake
i literally live 300 feet from the club. went out of town for the weekend to visit my family and woke up to this madness. it's insane.
i remember reading a similar description after the paris attacks, i think. it's inevitable in this age of communication ease & social media and it's so sad how many of those calls and messages will never get an answer.
holy shit. that's so incredibly fucked up of them.
target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in south downtown did the same.
this is incredibly sad. this is the deadliest us mass shooting since virginia tech.
i think it's because he feels so powerless. this is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. he has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. he knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't.
i lived in a commuter town in new jersey for most of my life. after the 9/11 attacks, there were several cars that stayed in the parking lots at the local train station. their tires would get more chalk marks every day as the parking attendants noted their time not moving. tickets would accumulate in the windows. and eventually it became clear that the people who owned those cars weren't ever coming home again. they'd get towed, or claimed by family members or next of kin. eventually, they'd all gone. and i'm not sure which was worse, seeing them there, or seeing the empty lots after.
my girlfriends parents (seniors) heard about this before i saw it on reddit.
i dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated.
yea i can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases.
i heard that since incidences like columbine, the strategy is to rush the shooter(s) with swat asap rather than playing it out.
california pizza kitchen was handing out stacks of personal pizzas to people waiting in line at waterford lakes when i was waiting to donate.
disney world sort of is. they've got an entire land mass bought out, which holds all four parks, security, transportation, emergency response (police/fire/medical), and even water/power facilities.
i don't understand. why are the mods censoring? like, what are they gaining from it? thanks
terrifying and devastating. if you're a member of the lbgt community in central florida, from ocala to tampa to titusville, you've been to pulse at least once. to us this didn't just happen in our backyard, it happened in our living room.
the turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a sikh. so that everyone who see can see that said person is a skih.
well i feel like out of all of the presidents lincoln had more reason than any to look that way.
i live 500 meters from the concert hall called "bataclan" in paris. so i kind of been there. lost friends, got friends badly hurt. i have nothing smart to say. this is absolute horror. i stand with you from paris as you guys were with us when we got hurt. fuck those murderers. love will prevail. damn this is so sad. sorry for not making sense.
it really, really sucks. as someone who has personally lost friends (both muslim and non-muslim) to extremists, to see so many people blame our entire population hurts a lot.
they deserve overwhelming recognition. they were also operating under reports that there might be another shooter or possibly explosives at the hospital itself. i'll piggyback your statement and say orlando fire deserves a lot of credit too. i stayed up listening to their scanner channel and they (as calm as they could) organized triage stations and mobile treatment sites. command was trying to organize all their available emergency rigs and at some point they were throwing victims in police pick up trucks. it was pretty horrifying hearing drivers ask what hospital they could bring victims to as ormc was overcapacity and only accepting red tag trauma alerts.
for some reason, that i can't even explain, when i heard that the orlando mayor declared a state of emergency it really sunk in. it's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. from the things i read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live. it's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy.
these are very hard to read through, i get lost halfway through each page and the graphics are confusing.
fbi seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack
this comment brought tears to my eyes. i'm sorry you had to experience such horrific terror in your lifetime.
that is actually a genius idea. you should submit it to them. no joke. the only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. but i'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this.
i think that lincoln comparison is more to do with camera quality than his own aging. i mean, he did age but the overexposure and poor focus are clearly doing him some favors in the first image and are nonexistent in the second.
amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like red cross and blood donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them.
as someone who witnessed the 26/11 shootings in india, i know what shooting at a crowd in a cramped space feels like. this is the saddest thing i've read today, i stand with with you from mumbai, lots of love.
yes! not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood.
on facebook someone posted a video of a health care worker reading the patients they received through out all of orlando. unfortunately my friend frank is not on that list. my heart is heavy. thank you reddit for your kind words.
every seat in the house of representatives is up for re-election, though
very bad. presidential cabinet positions exist to advise the president. trump did not allow her to see the executive order before issuing it.
they can be struck down by lower federal courts and not just the supreme court. eos don't have nearly the power of laws and can't involve the appropriations of money.
because the government is composed of its subscribers and its editor. that, and infowars perhaps.
more desperately than ever, we need you president underwood.
the same folks who were complaining about obama using eos now want all eos followed to the very letter! the same folks who cry about "activist judges" want a wholly compliant ag willing to burn the constitution. hypocrites. all of them.
as someone who doesn't know what the attorney general does, is this bad?
he's from virginia and was involved with the sentencing of our corrupt republican governor (mcdonnell - "indicted on federal corruption charges for receiving improper gifts and loans from a virginia businessman"). boente stated "no one is above the law... not a high public official, not even the highest public official in [virginia]." interesting pick.
so he appointed someone who under the obama administration set a record for deporting people?
really is. it's like watching a slow train wreck. but the real enemy are the voters who elected this man. they should not be let off the hook.
especially how texas voted in the presidential election, it shows how much people really didn't like trump. and that number is only increasing in parts around the state
yes, but back then the country wasn't nearly as hyper-partisan as it is today. we have people that believe trump when he lies and there's proof on tape or photograph, why would they care if he eliminates everyone who shows a hint of backbone? and in fact, they may see it as a positive sign more of him "draining the swamp."
isn't that a reference to his order on federal regulations for businesses? because i saw a thread on that and didn't fully grasp it. what are federal regulations? how can he legally follow one and disregard two?
it mostly depends on how well trump polls and how closely those senators identify with trump. if he pisses everyone off, and those senators have records of supporting the decisions that pissed everyone off, they could lose their own primary to a challenger from the right who is anti-trump, and then the new person could lose to a dem, or the new person takes over and becomes a trump-dissident on the right. it's unlikely, but it can definitely happen. texas is probably the most likely, depending on how it goes down, because texas has really large liberal blocks in the cities.
the purge has begun. how many more of our best and brightest will lose their jobs now?
ssshh. don't tell the_donald. obama was already deporting more people with criminal records than previous presidents.
executive orders are not laws. only the legislative branch has the power to write laws.
i've always thought it was like mr. burns hiring homer simpson as the nuclear safety inspector. burns knows that since homer knows absolutely nothing about nuclear safety he won't have to pay for any of the costly safety precautions that would otherwise have come up had a competent person been given the job.
he also didn't show his new head of dhs. we thought there was a problem with transparency before? now even the people in charge of enforcing shit are out of the loop.
"doctor, is it cancer?" "aladeen...... i mean, donald "
soon any and all voices of reason will be replaced by yes men. then, presumably, he starts nuking everything.
presumably because he suspected she would react as she did, and didn't want to fire her preemptively.
lol just didn't want that to be the focus of my post. people will tunnel on any little point they disagree with, just to avoid discussing the overall argument.
"you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake, well this could be it sweetheart."
her being fired isn't the takeaway here; her position was temporary and her dismissal inevitable. what should scare the crap out of everyone regardless of your political views is that we're barely 10 days into someone's presidency and we're getting official press releases that sound like a supervillain from 1950s superman comics is delivering them.
it was a leading factor resulting in nixon's resignation though so maybe something positive might come out of this as well.
is it time to start getting a little scared? i mean i'm a white dude and this shit is a little concerning.
the thing that worries me is if we eventually become numb to trumps antics. we all need to be mindful about resting and not binging on information. unplug for a while and don't burn out. we all need to be politically engaged these next 4 years. i'm saying this mostly to myself but i imagine others will agree.
i have this theory that trump will be a kind of societal vaccination - all the trappings of a dictator without any of the competence or discipline to be good at it. usa gets fired up, liberals and conservatives come together, sing kumbayah, and good reigns in the end. or we're screwed...
as of today, "yes" and "no" will be replaced by "donald"
any time you see a simple adjective used twice in the same sentence, or the word "very," odds are trump wrote it. not saying it's bad writing, it's just completely counter to the style used in most pr/political writing.
watching that video, i'm not sure he sounds all that different, actually. i think he was just better at sticking to his talking points.
or because he didnt know he was supposed to because he has no idea how government works. that's the funnier option i guess. and not unlikely.
i can't get over him appointing rick perry. my mind can't wrap around how it could possibly be true. it's just ridiculous to appoint him to that position it's like an snl sketch.
it seems like the entirety of his presidency, length yet undetermined, will be conducted with the same level of insanity as the last week of nixon's tenure.
we should be hearing directly from him, in all his idiocy.
what's terrifying is what he actually thought it would be. i mean to give him credit... if he thought the department was just for marketing oil interests, i can see why he thought it was a waste of money and should be shut down.
until they are struck down by the supreme court, for all practical purposes in people's lives, they are laws.
the statement is almost comical. it really sounds like something written by an angry child. unfortunately, it's really scary that that he's surrounding himself with yes men and those who opposed him in the government were in the minority to begin with.
jesus that's scary when you put it that way. if the country were ever actually in *real* crisis, we could be just a step away from a modern nazi germany.. -people like to hark on the godwin's law, "oh there they go again comparing to literal nazis"; that's the thing, the nazis weren't fictional boogymen dreamt up that no group could possibly live up to, they were *real*. nazi germany was something that actually happened, something that arose from a nation of normal everyday people like you or i. we owe it to ourselves to keep remembering nazi germany, simply so we can remember the sheer capabilities of human nature.
jesus. this is really happening to america isn't it?
wiki changes fast with news, those sections won't be reliable for a few days at least.
not only that, he was a man who didn't even know what the department *did* when he wanted to defund it.
may? aw man. isn't it usually in february? better call saul got pushed back to april too. what am i going to watch (*has 200 shows and movies in netflix and prime queues*)
don't forget about ben carson, a surgeon, for urban development.
yeah i've been freaked by this and my dad just went into a long ramble about the saturday night massacre. i guess i can see it.
she's been fired for upholding the law in defiance of the leader. classic authoritarian move.
obama used eos because of an obstructionist republican congress. trump has the votes in congress and still uses eos.
dana boente is now acting attorney general, hes an obama appointee but apparently he'll defend the ban.
that whole volunteer mars mission where you'd have to leave earth and never be able to return is actually looking pretty awesome right now.
the muslims were bait. now trump has an excuse to replace people who don't agree with him.
there aren't many republican seats in the senate up for reelection that year.
being politically ignorant, i had to look up 'us attorney general' on wikipedia to find out what it means. the article currently says: "the office is currently held by groper-in-chief stooge dana boente, who cowardly assumed the office after the groper fired acting attorney general sally yates for courageously refusing to enforce or defend the groper's unconstitutional, racist muslim ban" that can't be right, can it? i also noticed that dana j. boente hyperlink leads to the wikipedia article for 'anus', and jeff sessions redirects to the fictional marvel character 'red skull'. it's all beyond me, but i thought people may be interested.
yeah, clearly jeff sessions is megatron, not red skull.
don't worry, they'll find a way to victimize themselves one way or another.
nah, megatron's views on race were pretty progressive.
dude it's going to suck in may. this is reality now. this is the new normal.
though after everything we've seen thus far, what makes anyone think trump will leave power peacefully? whether it be through losing in 2020, conviction by impeachment, or even pence and the cabinet utilizing section 4 of the 25th a., have we any evidence that trump & co. will respect those processes and abandon the office?
cheney did it for money. i'm not sure what bannon wants.
why wouldn't he show her? if she is supposed to help advise him, then why hide something like an executive order from her and then fire her?
very smart politics by sally yates. now she is a hero to the left, has 30 years experience and will be running for congress or the senate in 2 years mark my words.
had seen a documentary a few years ago about how political figures who use simple sentence structures end up being seen as more charismatic... and get more votes. i've actually taken that idea on board in my profession (nothing to do with politics) always trying to "dumb down" what i say and write. must say i have seen positive results.
same. barely touched any game for the past few weeks. i'm too fucking tilted and distracted to even have fun anymore. and when i tried again today, i went on a massive loss streak. i feel like i'm wasting my time on games when the country is actively being tramped on.
i'm 30. i was smarter when i was 16. the real world dumbs you down like you wouldn't believe.
alex jones has finally exposed himself as the "controlled opposition" many accused him of over the years. the dude is literally making up news now about how trump's approval ratings are higher than they were 1 week ago, and how everything main stream media is saying are all lies. alex jones is going all fucking in on trump. he's no longer a conspiracy nut, he's a propaganda mouthpiece for trump.
you know it's bad when a 16 year old dumbass on the internet writes more eloquently than the potus.
drain the swamp! then dig it deeper and refill it.
trump's style is very distinct. someone tried to convince me his long mlk day post was written by him when it so clearly wasn't..
if someone really drained a swamp, they would be removing mostly water. the muck, mud, and rot would be left in the swamp. so i guess he's making good on that promise.
has it really been 10 days? i guess time flies when you're...terrified for the future of humanity.
and it tells us he was furious. so furious that he insisted this exact statement be released and wouldn't leave it to his staff.
plot twist: he says tomorrow he won't defend the ban either and gets fired as well.
so i take it that anyone who disagrees with him gets the boot? people who don't fall in line are immediately dismissed and promptly fired... that should scare the shit out of everyone. republican, democrat, doesn't matter. a president should be willing to listen to all of his advisors regardless of what side they are on... he's acting like a true business man and surrounding himself with yes men.
 i'm becoming more and more convinced that you guys are seriously fucked at this point. i'm really worried for you, neighbors. actually, i'm worried for the entire global community. if the us implodes you're going to take the rest of us down with you. -canadian
concentration camps, nah we prefer the term 'focus fairgrounds'. who doesn't love a fair?
probably a good thing house of cards doesn't start until may. if it aired tomorrow it'll probably suck compared to real life.
i'm not sure that trump got the memo that this isn't a tv show
first they came for the... highest positions in federal government???
i'm honestly having a hard time playing video games right now. there is a tremor in the force... something... is happening.
well there it is. we now have a name for getting suicided.
trump doesn't like the word "no" so he's removing anyone who says it.
trumps on a straight path to being impeached. my theory is, is that this is what the gop wants. they'll let him go crazy, get impeached, and then pence will be in office. after trumps craziness everyone won't both the gop too much with their laws because they won't be as crazy as trumps. it's the perfect bamboozle, just a theory though.
reminds me of that old family guy episode where lois just repeats 9/11 to become the mayor of quahog
i've noticed the same thing, normally i'd be balls deep in the overwatch event, cods 2xp week, or grinding it out in destiny. barely done any of that the last 10 days. there's dickery afoot in america.
so you are saying pence is actually palpatine and we just need a patsy jar-jar to call a vote of no confidence to remove trump and the sith will control the senate.
exactly. a trump supporters i'm friends with on facebook lauded this act and trump's executive orders as the beginning of a revolution.... (in a positive sense)
this is tremendously true. people get tremendously wrapped up in the tremendous way trump speaks. they just don't understand how tremendously the man trys to be a tremendous speaker. tremendous tremendous tremendous.
2 years actually if people get out and vote for senate and house elections in 2018.
this season of the apprentice is pretty dramatic.
trump will never resign voluntary. even if they impeach him, i imagine they'll have to drag him out of the white house kicking and screaming.
who cares about the law of the land, and those enforce it? lets just write a law and see what happens.
i left a post of mine open to the public recently and you wouldn't believe the kind of things i'm hearing from trump supporters about "liberal biased news."
wouldn't that be something. all these twists and turns it's like we are living in a political drama on prime time tv.
it's honestly the most worrying part of these last ten days for me.
he had already fired (forced to resign) most of the state department.
dads. not just good for jokes anymore, but also apparently stories about nixon.
you're spot on. it's a pretty quick jump from "betrayal" to "treason" and i'm starting to worry about this administration's growing tendency to offer urban dictionary style alternatives to commonplace definitions.
i was thinking about this for a while last night. he can do this for four years. there is nothing to stop him. it is so fucked.
hey, just in case you haven't seen the rest of the world (literally every continent including two separate protests on antarctica) is with you. toronto and london (and i'm sure others) had protests outside embassies and consulates. this is your fight, but you've got a friend in like....a few billion people around the world. let us know and we'll help.
that is because texas does not really want the wall.
and exit when he tossed the assholes to the curb at the end of the scene.
my last work review essentially told me that i was confusing clients by trying to explain why i was recommending this or that test for their pet. so essentially i got reprimanded for not treating people like idiots. the sad part is that my boss was right. when i act super interested in them as a person and smile a lot and use (to me condescending) language - they love me and don't question a thing. when i try to actually explain the science behind what i'm recommending, well.... they don't love me nearly as much.
i took my civics classes at betsy devoss' bible study and summer school camp. the kool-aid was delicious.
absol-fricken-lutely. actually, the president we really need right now is arnie vinnick. bartlett is great. but vinnick would be able to get shit done.
my first political memory is watergate and the resignation. you aren't wrong here at all.
my god, the comments. so much dumb in so little words
my phd advisor reminds me of trump to a t. the same blustering self-importance, the same speaking style, the same irrational anger and inability to control his words. the same bullying and harassment and need to control (it got bad enough that the university had to intervene to "protect me" from him...and i wasn't the first student in that position with him). and now i can add another thing to the list. my guy also used to be a much more compelling and eloquent communicator. his early research is great, but over the years the quality degraded so much as to be unpublishable (unless it's in the journal he edits, of course). if he wants something to be accepted for publication now, a grad student has to write it.
be very afraid when words like "betrayed" are being used. not far from 3am knocks on your door...
honestly, even when obama made an order that was being obstructed by congress et al, i didn't see anyone wanting complete and utter loyalty to the president, rather that they wished there were less republicans in control to obstruct what obama wanted. i feel as if trump supporters have this ill-informed notion of what exactly liberals as a whole were complaining about and are using that view as a means of "getting their turn", despite the majority of liberals never even wanting a turn.
actually they came for the muslims first, then the government employees who stood up for them.
the house is up for grabs, but there is a near-zero chance of democrats taking back the senate in 2018. to just tie, they would have to keep all of their current seats, and get *both* nevada and arizona. to get a majority, they'll also need one of the following: * mississippi, * nebraska, * tennessee, * texas, * utah, or * wyoming. the incumbents in each of those seats won their last election by more than 15%.
seriously guys, just think of the rest of the world that can't do anything but watch. please fight for us.
who the fuck wants to watch house of cards right now? honestly... i was planning to actually watch that show this year...i feel bad for all the people who worked on it because i might never see it now.
so i take it your dad realized it was not actually a scam?
saw him a couple years ago. his voice is fine. it's odd, because when he talks he sounds like an old man, but when he sings it's only a little bit scratchier than it used to be.
i love billy joel for shit like this...he's still just a dude, a good dude. he didn't set out to be a rock star, he was a college kid with a garage band playing some gigs, then playing opening act for other groups, then people were coming specifically to see the opening act instead of the main act. his career just snowballed into something he didn't plan on, and he seems to have mostly retained his normal dudeship through it all...lots of respect for the dude. edit : fucked up auto correct words
i wish warriors games were like this... only the super rich sit up front and the tickets are so expensive you only see true warriors fans at the viewing parties
a few years ago my aunt had a similar experience, she bought cheap tickets, and she along with her group of young attractive females were given the front row tickets. when they got to their new seats they noticed the front rows were filled with the same demographic. i was hoping to see a comment like this when i read the headline because i was really surprised when she told me the story.
my wife and i saw him and elton john for their face 2 face series. our seats where behind and above the stage because they were cheaper. weird but totally worth it. their pianos spun so when billy joel's spun to see us, he stopped singing and said, "i bet you didn't think these seats would be that good. *wink* "
there are no tickets for the snake pit. they just choose random lucky fans, instead of rich people :)
or you don't go to many concerts. i saw neil diamond last night in detroit and we were 21 rose back for $180 a seat
$45 for a cover band?! i don't even pay that for bands i like. damn.
i bought two tickets to a rockies game the other day online and was charged $6 per ticket for shipping. for e-tickets.
we went to see billy joel and elton john for my dad's birthday as a family like 15 years ago. we had terrible upper deck seats, but we got there super early and were approached by someone who offered to trade us for literal front row tickets. seemed too good to be true and my dad accused them of running a scam. i was an apathetic teenager, felt too cool to be there, but that won me over. one of the most memorable nights of my life.
this is basically how it works in all aspects of life, minus the no rich people part.
they were probably starting to wonder why you were standing back there.
coldplay often does something similar, or at least they did on the viva la vida tour
yup, anyone who has been to a billy joel concert knows it's not "random fans" sitting up front screaming, it's hot women.
so rich people who always get their way don't get the best seats. beautiful people who always get their way do instead. this situation seems slightly less inspiring than it did at first.
billy joel could easily get 300 at a large venue.
i got one of these tickets on new year's eve 1990. my friend and i knew about this tradition and looked for the guys distributing the tickets before the show (we were in the upper deck at the nassau coliseum with my friend's family and some friends). we finally saw them, approached and begged politely for two tickets. we were told they only had two tickets left and they wanted to save them for a couple. without hesitation, my friend and i put our arms around each other's and said, in unison, "we're gay." sat front row center on new year's eve. got a high five from billy before souvenir. great night.
metallica has done this, too. went to one concert and was literally in the very top row. a guy asked if i wanted closer tickets and handed me a pair in the second row
really? cause i've seen him get $1000000000 at even small venues
i'm from long island so i'm required by law to tithe 10% of my income to lord joel. i'm glad to do it.
you weren't kidding, this is some hanna-barbera cartoon level bouffanting.
puffing on a cigar with a spot of dense chest hair peeking from an armani polo
as a frame of reference, i wanted to go to a rhcp concert this year. all available tickets (for the general public) were sold out while i was still at work. the tickets were then being resold for around $300 each. that's when i decided i didn't want to go to their concert.
just serious dumb luck. paul mccartney actually upgraded the girls i was at his concert with and they reluctantly upgraded me and the other male. elton john, well, he might've requested males to be upgraded the front of the stage.
the old, "it's been 10 minutes and i don't feel anything, fuck it let's eat the other two" no regrets
yes, but just how do they determine who is worthy of these front row seats?
did you hear this at a craig finn/hold steady gig? i recently learned of this too, as it was a story finn told between songs.
same, am also from central nj, where the delicious pork product is called pork roll *and* taylor ham.
if your on long island you have a big chance of seeing him for free or cheap. he likes showing up randomly to billy joel tribute bands playing on long island. i also had this happen to me for aerosmith. my wife and i got moved to front row while eating in our paid for seats like an hour before the concert.
33 checking in, i grew up in a house where the piano man album was played daily. billy joel rates as one of my favourite ever gigs, up there with rammstein as far as pure passion is concerned. my mates still have a giggle if he pops up on my spotify account or they hear me singing uptown girl while i hang out the washing, but fuck them. billy joel is the shit.
wow, that's a really interesting story that i'm going to remember. of course he's doing his own thing and following his own less-popular interests, but that he shared it with the crowd is really telling.
the tonight show with jay leno -- they went into the line and pulled pretty girls from it to sit in the front row. i was with my cousin (both female), we weren't mad though, i mean those girls were a lot younger than we were. get it while you can.
i got front row seats at coldplay like this. we were walking around the arena and someone came up to us with a few questions about coldplay, so we answered them and he said, "okay you've just been upgraded. here are your new tickets, best seats in the house" and then he walked us down to our seats. it was so great. then coldplay decided to pick up and move across the arena halfway through the set, so we were back row again for a few songs, but they came back.
live events is my profession. you get there when doors open. me and 30 other guys got to the venue at 6am and have been busting ass for 10hours. people need to get paid.
as someone who just saw a cover band event called "piano man: a billy joel and elton john tribute" selling seats for $35-45 at a crap venue, i'd say that's true. this isn't even billy joel or elton john. just a tribute band playing at a one off venue in far west suburban chicago (aurora).
jeez is 1.5 hours out living in a different city still considered suburban chicago?
i went to a kid rock concert where he wouldn't sell tickets for over $20 and made the venue offer $3 busch light cans. i love kid rock.
are we just saying bigger and bigger numbers? i heard he could get $10000 at a larger venue.
true story: my mother went to one of billy joel's concerts and was approached by i guess somebody who was important at the venue and said, "we'd like to move you up to the front row." when my mother asked why she was told that "billy joel likes to see the front row filled with attractive blondes."
this this similar to the law of springsteen along the jersey shore?
pearl jam did this. they played most of their show with me behind them and then decided to turn it around for a song or two.
like the place long island? thats fun :) oh why do you say on long island rather than in?
i've been upgraded from nose bleeds to second row at both paul mccartney and elton john concerts so i'm guessing a few of the older musicians do this.
anyone want a front row seat to a billy joel concert? i've got a primo one right up the back, only $1000.
i went to one of his concerts last year and i do remember seeing on the jumbotron younger women in the front. i was wondering how these women who looked like they were of the age to be dealing with the serious student loan debt were up front for such an expensive ticket.
i've never seen paul mccartney in concert but i've seen ringo in concert and he was amazing. i can't imagine what it must've been like to see all 4 beatles at once.
try being from central nj, i have to dish out for both.
it's a concert at a major venue. he would play at msg monthly. yes, that's cheap
you sexy beast you. i'm ashamed to say i've never seen sir paul myself. assuming you saw him recently, is his voice still there? that always seems to be the first thing to go when musicians get older.
he just likes hot poor chicks. don't make him out to be anything more than a downtown man.
i'll send you it as a printable pdf, just $5 e-ticket fee
they don't stand up, make noise, sit there with their bouffant haired girlfriend lookin' like a big shot. *you had to be a big shot dincha you had to open up your mouth..*
well, i went downtown ridin' in my '09 toyota camry in my on sale jc penny clothes
one hundred million dollars to whoever gets me to the front row.
not sure about his first wife, but his second wife never sat in the front row, those tickets cost an arm and a leg, and she just couldn't afford to lose another.
this was before digital photography really took off. i'm sure i have some photos back home - but nothing handy where i live now. it was at the carrier dome in 2001. hard to believe that was 16+ years ago. feels like a lifetime.
i wonder if you see the really bad seats sell faster than the mediocre ones.
*rigorously bouffanting* edit. one of my highest, if not the highest upvoted comments is about bouffants in a billy joel thread. what is my life right now. *sighs bouffantingly*
shit i saw billy joel last month. wasn't expensive but wasn't cheap... worth way more than we paid.. he lies.. i'd pay 10x what we paid to see him again.
i saw the face 2 face tour as well. before the show started i was approached by a member of the crew. my friend and i were given a special pass, it was sticky green fabric, and led to a backstage area. when the lights came up, we were on the wings of the stage, not 20 feet from elton and billy. we got to meet them both during and after the show, and it was hands down one of the coolest experiences of my life. we watched the whole show from the stage.
my dad used to see him at the drugstore in huntington all the time. said he'd just say hey billy and hed say hey, was always down to earth and a nice guy. a few years ago, he saw him sitting at a restaurant bar, all by himself, looking disheveled and barely recognizable, and completely wasted. he got his driver to come around and pick him up. i hope he's doing better now. my parents used to play his music on the record player when we were young. another fun story, the house he lived in w christie brinkley was about ten minutes from where my cousins grew up in cold spring harbor. his house sat on a bend in the road and one of my cousin's friends took the corner too hard and hydroplaned through the fence in billy joel's backyard. christie brinkley came running out to see if he was ok. said he thought he died and went to heaven. (i don't know if this is actually true, but it's the story i've been told for years.)
i would do unspeakable things for second row at paul mccartney. i have lawn seats in july and i'll still have a blast i'm sure.
hi ears with feet. i saw 5 billion amos concerts back in the day. met her, went to her meet and greets, the whole bit. never got front rowed. she was always great with her fans though. she didn't even like to call them fans. there were a lot of familiar faces in line when you went to shows in those days. a lot of us went more than once kind of like deadheads. which of her bodyguards was it?
can confirm. i know an attractive blonde who got front rowed at one of his concerts.
09 and pennys? damn, you are rich. i have '02 avalon and i'm wearing a swimsuit from a local convenience store.
did you have to watch the whole concert to get the $40 or could you leave halfway through?
thanks for doing that. i'm a musician and y'all get shat on way too much.
lol that's an amazing burn. but in all serious i thought the show was absolutely incredible. i had no idea what to expect. no opening act. no music, nothing. kanye appeared on a small floating stage suspended by chains, about 20' x 20'. it moved all over the venue, effectively making every row the front row for part of the show. he was rocking so hard and singing his heart out it looked like he was trying to break himself apart with the music. truly was a moving performance.
i like the fact that you got quizzed about coldplay. depending on the questions it can really show who the real fans are. do you remember if they were opinion questions or trivia questions?
yeah, a concert before people started screaming through the whole thing. so much charisma in one spot!
random question but are you and your friend good looking? my friend and her boyfriend went and saw paul mccartney a few years ago and it was the same deal. nosebleed tickets, brought to the front of the show. she told me everyone they brought up (male and female) were suspiciously attractive.
ah c'mon. you'd rather look down from the stage and see someone really enjoying themselves rather than a bunch of sourpusses.
he said he would do an ama for 30 min. that looks like 30 min of answering questions.
i have an 11 year old and a 13 year old child. i currently pay more for them to go to private school for one year than i paid for my entire master's degree. what can you do to heal our very broken public school system (which i want to love)? what can i expect for them when they go to college in a few short years?
i read this, and immediately got a knock on the door. shit myself. found myself eating pizza 2 minutes later.
let's skip the marijuana legalization question that'll show up at least 50 times on this page and get to a related issue: after promising that you wouldn't interfere with individual state decisions on medical use of cannabis, how can you justify utilizing federal funds and agencies to shut down dispensaries and arrest people who are legitimately sick?
is there anything going to be done about the current state of student loans?
win or lose, i'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices.
ladies and gentlemen: the president of the united states of america referencing his meme. good night and god bless.
as a girl about to finish my aerospace engineering degree- please? i promise to spend my life creating the first black hole probe... you know you're curious too.
i'm a total grammar nazi. my favorite joke: knock, knock... who's there? to... to, who? to whom...
as a member of the non-us free world. did my vote get lost in the post?
if you had the ability to automatically enact or repeal only one law without congressional approval, what would you choose and why?
next on fox news: does barack obama neglect his duty as a president, spending his time playing golf in this economic state? stay tuned.
what is the plan for gitmo bay? and for marijuana legislation?
what was the most difficult decision that you had to make during this term?
i was very surprised by this as well! but i bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it...
til roseanne barr and a dude named merlin are both running for president.
it's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that i'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. the big advantage i have is that i live above the store - so i have no commute! so we make sure that when i'm in dc i never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if i have to go back down to the oval for work later in the evening. i do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. speaking of balance, though, i need to get going so i'm back in dc in time for dinner. but i want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. and remember to vote in november - if you need to know how to register, go to gottaregister.com. by the way, if you want to know what i think about this whole reddit experience - not bad!
it's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for obama because he'd never do one.
i'm surprised the username presidentobama was even available. or is the man powerful enough to just take it over anyway? i'd hate to see the leader of the free world reduced to taking a username like therealpresidentobama or potus69 or xx_barackobama_xx or something.
9 minutes and already 200+ comments. good luck, obama. you're going to need it.
so honoured that the president of the united states has responded to a question i asked him.
tell me about it. i haven't gone a day without thinking about it and i have been home for almost three years now.
he should count his blessings. i'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus.
ahaha... i can just see you telling everyone you know tonight "i corrected the president on his grammar today."
if you had to select one non-politician to be the next president, who would be your pick?
"- not bad!" it was at this point, reddit ejaculated in glorious unison.
respectfully, mr. president, this is a non-answer. we've seen over the years what an economic boost having a robust space program can be -- not only does it create jobs, it inspires and gives the country focus on a positive and meaningful goal. the current budget for nasa is a pittance - think what could be done with double, or triple that amount? **frankly, we need another apollo moment, mr. president -- let's plan to get a man on mars by the end of the decade, and show the world that america is the most scientifically advanced and capable nation in the world, and can achieve what it sets out to do.**
you must have enormous balls to admit you do illegal drugs on the one thread that the fbi is definitely monitoring.
president obama, why didn't you close guantanamo bay as you promised you would?
not to mention the site issues. it still took me a while to get to this post hours after it was supposed to have finished.
making sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration is a big priority for my administration. the passing of neil armstrong this week is a reminder of the inspiration and wonder that our space program has provided in the past; the curiosity probe on mars is a reminder of what remains to be discovered. the key is to make sure that we invest in cutting edge research that can take us to the next level - so even as we continue work with the international space station, we are focused on a potential mission to a asteroid as a prelude to a manned mars flight.
what is the first thing you'll do on november 7th, win or lose?
what are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term?
a riveting story... i laughed, i cried, i came. 10/10
if the president says it's a asteroid, it's a asteroid.
i won't believe this unless he takes a picture with a shoe on his head.
would you rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or 1 horse-sized duck?
my question is this: why would you sign the ndaa when it included language that would allow the indefinite detention of americans without due process. i understand that this was the de facto case for awhile. now it's law. this passed by overwhelming bi-partisan support, despite being hated by most citizens. it feels like the government, including the executive branch, no longer work for the citizens that elect them. (by the way, i fully supported your first campaign, but i'm now disillusioned and disappointed.)
if obama made a "nobody cares apostolate" post, i would retire from reddit, realizing that nothing would ever top seeing that.
a grammar nazi's greatest dream... *"an... mr. president... an.."*
it's been stated that your favorite television show is the wire. how do you think the war on drugs has affected america, and would you work to end it?
how in the fuck was presidentobama not already taken?
it's a shame he didn't answer. i'd have liked to see the response.
mr. president, can you stop the nhl lockout? please? **please????**
good luck with an answer for this one. so far the obama administration has skirted this conversation at every turn. it's really the biggest flip-flop obama has committed as president.
i'll take that as "poppin bottles of cristale like it's 1969"
of course this goes unanswered. that really infuriates me. why does everyone in government just avoid this? is there some secret reason they keep it illegal? god dammit that pisses me off to no end.
i'm still waiting for learning cursive to pay off.
the president must be so nervous right now...he just got a comment from shitty_watercolour.
internet freedom is something i know you all care passionately about; i do too. we will fight hard to make sure that the internet remains the open forum for everybody - from those who are expressing an idea to those to want to start a business. and although there will be occasional disagreements on the details of various legislative proposals, i won't stray from that principle - and it will be reflected in the platform.
i was wondering if somehow they gave his username priority access, or whether potus had to hit refresh. "these servers... are getting hammered!"
i'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking reddit.
i'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post...
this is the best grammar nazi-ing he will ever get in his life. correcting the sitting president of the united states. let him live the dream.
why aren't you more actively fighting rnc voter suppression?
mr. president, do you feel that there is a problem with the "revolving door" of congressmen and prominent lobbyists? for an example, i'd point to former senator dodd, now the chief lobbyist for the mpaa. is there anything to be done about it?
let's just be thankful the guy that corrected him didn't have a screenname like i_rape_cats
a lot of us are worried about copyright law. sopa, acta, tpp... and the actions against megaupload. mainly because these laws are excessive and limit rights. what is your stance on that?
that's it. shows over folks. all the grammar nazis can go home now. forever.
"omgomgomgomgomg!!! the shitty_watercolour!" -leader of the free world
this too. this thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. honestly, it's amazing that the president managed to get through enough to post what he did.
thank you for showing the president of the united states how classy us redditors can be.
how do you balance family life and hobbies with, well, being the potus?
that's good. some bus drivers in france did the same thing. they came wearing pencil skirts.
i got my only ever detention from doing something similar in high school. we got a new vice principal and he tried to flex his authority by coming up with a bunch of new, stupid rules. he typed up a bunch of bulletins and posters about them and hung them all over the school. the problem was that this guy was a fucking moron who couldn't write for his life. these things had spelling and grammar errors galore. so one day during study hall i snuck out of the classroom and, with a red sharpie, corrected every damn one of those stupid posters. he called me into his office later that day after looking back at the security camera footage to see who did it. he tried reaming me out, but i just told him, "your posters are an embarrassment to this school. i don't want people who come here thinking that your idiocy represents the rest of us."
the same way they force boys to shave their beards. i love having a goatee but my principal saw it after vacation and told me to shave it off
yeah...if we could go ahead and extend the same courtesy to business attire, that would be great. women can wear formal attire that is sleeveless and/or has a skirt. men must wear button-down shirts and trousers. i'd like the opportunity to adjust my attire also.
good for them! i graduated 17 years ago (holy shit do i feel old typing that) and we had several instances of boys wearing very short skirts when admin cracked down on the dress code for girls. it was hilarious. the dress code said nothing about skirt length on boys, nor did it say anything about boys not being allowed to wear skirts. they got away with it, because it technically didn't violate the dress code. several of us also wore homemade togas and wild outfits that conformed to the standards, which pissed them off, but they couldn't do anything about it. we had our own crack "legal" team who made it their business to research student rights and keep admin in check when they made a new stupid rule, which they did pretty regularly. as a mom and soon to be full time teacher, i fully support kids who want to challenge the rules and push the limits like this. we need to raise people to think outside the box and push back against rules that are made just for the sake of making them.
i can almost guarantee that the school administration was probably on the kids side but either the diocese or the pastor of the church were the ones being sticklers and they're ultimately the real authority since it's their schools. happens a lot in catholic schools, pretty liberal teachers and admins are handcuffed by senile archaic geriatrics in robes. the church needs a new influx of normal nice priests in america badly
that's business formal in bermuda, it began with the royal navy getting permission to cut off their pants at the knee because it was too damn hot.
it's very liberating to be able to think "man, i really don't want to put pants on today," and then just wear a skirt or an even lazier option of a dress instead.
we always talked about doing this but never did. good for them. fight the power, boys, there's more to be fought.
implying it was ever out of style, you even see the odd guy in berwick rocking them and that's south of the border.
ah. britain. i'm assuming no a/c in the school building too? as a girl in texas, i always wore pants to school because the shorts would either be too short (finger-length?) or too long to be fashionable. but, at the very least, all the schools were air conditioned.
where are these kids. i just see a bunch of random wee scotsmen.
what about the girls who are distracting the gay and bisexual girls? i say ban the children.
i bought this in a muggle shop. muggles wear them!
my middle school did this also but with dresses because girls were allowed to wear dresses but guys weren't allowed shorts; it actually worked surprisingly and the next year the whole school district got rid of the rule.
this is truly genius nobody, as far as i know, has more than two legs. most people have two. but because some people have lost a leg or both, the average is less than two. i am finally above average at something. holy shit i have an above average number of arms
if by cop you mean a guy who is about to retire then yes. my high school had about 90% female teachers. if two football players started a fight there was not shit they could do to stop it safely. so the local pd assigned an officer there to assist if that happens. most of the time he was on his phone.
we wear them because we expect people to wear them. ties are a social construct
if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
god forbid a male should allow his face to do something that comes naturally.
can't have students defying authority without punishment
we had the same thing at my elementary school. you had to buy their branded jackets, which were flimsy single-layer wool jumpers, and you weren't allowed to wear any other jacket over it. so you had some kids buying the xxl version and wearing it over their normal winter coats. i'm _sure_ that made us all look like fine intelligent youths to passersby. way to go, school policy.
last week in nyc my sister saw a older woman staring long and hard at a man who had painted his toenails bright pink. after a couple of long moments she reached out to him and said, "i'm so sorry, but where did you get that nail polish?" turns out he had made it himself!
then you know what you have to do. grab a nice dress, some open toed shoes and have at'er. get some co-workers to have a dress day.
in a major metropolitan area, most people _don't_ care. there's a hell of a lot more to worry about in life than the clothes other people wear.
as a nova scotian, kilt wearing is not only acceptable, it will put you at the top of the social ladder at any gathering
as a country that's national weather is drizzle we get very upset when it gets too cold or too hot. we don't get a lot of snow so that causes us to panic, drive like idiots and close schools. when it get's too hot our buildings are just not designed to deal with it. most places don't have ac and are designed to keep the heat in not out. also it has been fairly humid (50%-80% humidity) which means it is harder to cool down even with a fan on.
i want this so bad, but at the same time.. i'm not gonna be the one leading the charge.
it will because it's expected now by people with tech experience. if these companies want to keep talent, they'll stick with the lax dress code rules
agree, i've been seeing so many comments for a while from guys saying they wish they could wear more colourful/patterned clothes like women, that they had more choices beyond which shirt and which trousers, and they wish they could wear dresses for comfort. i really do think this could be a major cultural change in the next 5 years, maybe less. the demand is there.
we were only allowed to wear tights under our skirts, no pants allowed. but we're also in the south, so it was the same here, didn't get that cold that often. still sucked when it did though.
one of the perks of younger industries like tech is that the old dress codes have gone by the way side. i wear shorts every day!
it'd be funny if they put shorts back in but the skirts are so comfortable that they just keep them.
what's this history you speak of? e: til trousers were an age restrict sort of right of passage
trust me, priests are usually pretty laid back about that kind of stuff. it's the parish councils and people in lay positions who are the real psychos.
can confirm, was a "troublemaker" in grade school this is 100% just some administrator fumbling for reasons that might convince this kid to stop what he's doing. i mean yea i was a little bastard here and there, but mostly i just didn't agree with the reasons adults gave me for making me do what i viewed as stupid shit.
i wore shorts will knee socks for my senior year. got kicked out of class but luckily the vp was old fashioned and knew the history of boys wearing shorts + knee socks decades ago. stood out but much less sweaty. 10/10 would knee sock again
"he had been told on wednesday the skirt was too short and his legs too hairy. some of the boys had taken this into account and bought razors to shave their legs. " i love this so much.
that was my immediate reaction, but on further thought dress codes often have restrictions on facial hair. i suppose that is very similar.
seriously. in the south of the us, this policy is fucking insane. when temps reach 90, the humidity making it feel like 110 and you have to wear pants. fuck that noise. of course, i haven't been in school for over 11 years, so the policy may have changed. point still stands though.
it's a sad day when boys are told they can't wear shorts b/c it's too distracting for the girls. like can girls keep their genitals in their pants and sex drive to themselves. it's irritating to think that boys are being discriminated against by forcing them to wear a certain dress code to accommodate the girls in the class. what a sad world we live in.
the tie is a bit much. why the hell do we still wear those ridiculous things?
i wore shorts to school once, in violation of dress code, with a note from the nurse. riding lawn mower gives the sun the perfect angle to **burn**.
at my catholic k-8th school the girls protested not being able to wear pants to school during winter when it was cold. they had to wear skirts. which is obviously ridiculous given the weather... so one week they all came in with pants on and got detention... the school changed their dumb policy.
being a critical thinker made life difficult at school/with parents. logic is thrown out the window sometimes
wait, what? you mean that the us has permanent police officers posted at schools? that's sad man...
welcome to every summers day in australia. blazer long sleeve shirt tie and long pants in winter when its still 26-30 degrees. at least all classrooms have dodgy fans.....
because they make the neckline neat. it's the area you're mostly likely to have people look at, as they're looking at your face; and so you utilize a collar/tie to clean up the lines and frame your head.
uk is having its hottest summer since 1976, the schools are normally closed when the uk gets to the hottest in august for summer holidays so the current temperatures are fairly unusual.
i'm a dude that occasionally wears skirts. they are very, very comfortable. no constrictions on your legs or your junk. nice and cool and airy. in the heat you keep cool, and if it's a bit on the cold side you actually stay a bit warm from the heat distribution. and honestly, the whooosh! of the skirt as you move is kind of bad ass, like a cape. you should try one.
as a kid, you didn't know better, but as an adult looking back, would you have called the police on her for theft? i would have.
on tuesday i wore shorts, the first male in our office to do so since i have worked here (7 years). yesterday i did it again and one of my colleagues followed suit. it is not covered in our dress code but as no one mentioned it if the temperature rises again i expect even more will follow suit so you are right, just do it.
just do it mate. i do. its fucking liberating having a cool breeze caress your knackers while you're out and about.
to make sure us dirty wage-earners aren't stealing shit. (source: i work at a factory)
my highschool once tried to take my cellphone (i wasn't using it in class, i was in the hallway between class). my mom spent about five minutes lecturing the principal on personal property laws. then one day they tried to make me change shirts because it had "smell my face" from a local talk radio show i listened to. my mother informed them that if they called her again because they had confiscated something from me and she had to pick it up, she was going to have her lawyer shove a book so far up their asses that they could pass the bar. we didn't have a lawyer. my mom just worked a lot and didn't have time to come to school over silly matters.
i had a teacher confiscate a portable cd player(yes i just dated myself) and headphones i was listening to while walking to my next class. she told me it was against the rules and that i could pick it up in the office after school. wouldn't you know it when i went to get it she told me it had been stolen and i shouldn't have brought it in the first place. i know that bitch took it home.
makes me wonder when it will become socially-acceptable to wear shorts for office work. here i am at my desk in atlanta, wearing long pants in late june... (it's rainy today so it's not so bad, but it's fucking miserable when its sunny.)
i don't know what it's like in finland but in sweden very few of my peers ever sat through a whole class focused on the material. someone who's not invested in what's going on is going to find something to distract themselves with, chatting with mates, ogling girls or something else. but as usual schools would rather treat the symptoms than the cause.
if you live in a metropolitan area i'm pretty sure nobody cares these days. go for it bro
you can only pull off a utilikilt if you're not wearing a shirt and you're ripped, which means you can pull off any outfit.
i would totally do this, if i was still in school and had legs.
also, code monkey do not code well when they are hot.
people care they're just not allowed to say anything
i've never seen a school with shaved legs as a requirement, sounds like they were grasping for any reason to tell him off
aussie? cause i am and 30c seems like a cool day for summer, long pants, blazer and tie done easy.
and if you have good legs, they're actually very flattering. the dudes in utilikilts get all the pussy at my city's local celtic festival every year.
i'm not sure the article ever states what "our utmost" actually entails. my guess is absolutely nothing, or like, offering cool water.
have you never watched any sort of historical drama? this is the defacto outfit of a young boy on like every historical tv show ever.
right? skirts are great and everyone should be able to wear them tbh.
huge difference. there is literally no schools in the south without air conditioning. in the uk, air conditioning is not common in schools.
the argument in most british schools is that uniform is a leveller. poor children will not be bullied for not having expensive clothes if everyone has to wear the same thing. in senior schools, what often goes unmentioned is that it's supposed to stop boys being distracted by girls in short, tight clothing, which is why school uniform fetishes are definitely not a thing.
maybe give a second look but thats about it. assuming you don't literally mean a skirt of course. a sarong is quite normal (in my culture, not my city) so maybe i'm biased.
i'm not sure my high school principal would have kept her job if she had told a girl her legs were too hairy for a skirt.
i remember in my high school the boys weren't allowed to wear sleeveless shirts of any kind because they 'd be too distracting to the girls.
yeah, my husband and i were out in some heat and humidity the other day, and i was wearing this billowing sleeveless crepe dress (i'm pregnant and it was all i could handle) and he said he really wished they made summer outfits like that for men. i also had an ex who was very into the idea of kilts (which were coming up at the time with a handful of stores.) i think it's a major potential market if the fashion marketing folks can pitch it delicately enough that guys don't feel like it would emasculate them.
the main reason it was implemented at my school was to prevent gang colors being worn. i'm sure some slutty outfits also contributed. to counter your individuality point, poorer students fit in more as noone can wear designer clothes etc. uniforms are generally cheaper than normal clothes too, a lot of local places had special deals. everyone had the same code, khakis and a polo shirt, shorts ok during the summer. i didn't and still don't like uniforms, but they do have pros.
it's more like a faux dick, the bigger tie you have the more respected you will be
so there's no need to worry. let it silently eat their heads while you relax in the heat.
on the contrary, exeter is one of the most southern parts of england, whereas scotland is north of england. you can't get much farther from kilt country, in england, than they are.
an appropriately crass response to such a question i've heard is "lipstick".
the supplier of these coats were probably kicking back a staff party or other petty corruption to keep the teachers personally invested/committed to such a thing. no staff is going to care about such ridiculousness unless their is some petty corruption going on.
"dude i got a call from my little bro in jr high saying he was in trouble and had gotten suspend, for what you ask? someone stole his shoes out his locker because he didnt lock it right. yes someone, not my brother, stole his shoes and he got in trouble because he didn't lock it right... i literally asked the principle if he was serious, and said alright we'll see what my mom thinks about this. boy i bet you coulda heard her car from a mile coming. yea he didn't get in trouble and i bet that fucker was scared." from another response, moms aint nothing to fuck with. p.s. your moms a badass hahaha
at my job (factory), security would routinely inspect men's duffel bags, backpacks etc. when a male employee asked why they never searched women's purses, he was told those are personal and wouldn't be searched. later that week, the same employee wore a skirt to work and a woman's top and carried a purse. when they tried to kick him out for "causing a disruption" they couldn't, as he technically wasn't breaking any rules. he just wanted to point out the double standard. best part was, he asked a couple women from the shop to go to the store to pick out the outfit he was going to wear to work :d they loved the idea.
my husband's mom was an or nurse. he ditched class in high school and was caught. the principal asked my husband which parent to call about it, so he said definitely call my dad, do not call my mom. principal took that as a cue to call mom. my husband had to wait a while for the phone conversation to move past the "no, i'm with the school and i need to speak to [husband]'s mother. it's important." but eventually the principal had my mil on the phone. my husband said he could hear his mom yell at the principal through the phone that she had to be dragged out of a surgery to hear about this bullshit, and that her kid had better be dead if they are going to bother her again. no further calls were ever made about my husband or his sister again.
we had a lot of evidence how people react to the quick change of norms with the release of the male rompers. plenty of women were also against the idea of men in them, specifically. i think it is kind of hilarious that you can wear a kilt and it's quirky, but it better be obvious it's a kilt and not a skirt or else.
me walking outside in the 90's as a teenager was easy enough since each leg of my jeans was twice the size of the waist.
my school had nuns as teachers and principals (not all but most). soooo ya....
by pouring their derisions on everything we did. exposing every weakness however carefully hidden by the kid.
i went to a catholic school where girls had to wear skirts all year long. boys could wear pants in the winter and shorts in the summer, but girls were only allowed skirts. it was miserable in the winter!
year 2067; yet another group of boys protest the 'no shorts' policy. the schools are baffled on how to stop this. i swear to god this is a thing every year, just in a different part of england. if girls have the choice of trousers and skirts, then shorts should not be a problem as an alternative to trousers during summer.
yeah, in any church - catholic or not - lay clergy are the worst. so many twits who think religion can only be done properly with judgmental, damaging attitudes.
i live in georgia (usa) and my workplace makes men wear pants and closed-toes shoes but the women can wear dresses/skirts and open-toes shoes. summer here is hotter'n hell and i cycle to work. that's some bull right there!
what. no coats?! as a canadian that is shocking. who's to say whether or not a child/teenager can wear a coat?! how does that even make sense?! who makes up these rules?!?! although, that being said, at the high school i used to go to they recently stopped allowing students to wear backpacks to class. you were allowed to wear one to and from school and store it in your locker, but you weren't allowed to take one to class because they were deemed to be a hazard. this meant that students had to carry around all their binders, books, change of clothes for pe, lunch, etc. which the students did not take lightly. girls weren't even allowed purses so in protest they started carrying around boxes of tampons to class to make a statement.
sometimes the people silently judging you are the people that decide whether or not you get a raise and a bonus at the end of the year
step 1: get the women at the factory to steal stuff for you. step 2: ?????? step 3: profit
what was the stated purpose of inspecting anyone's shit at a factory?
as long as you keep your legs closed on the bus i'm pretty sure nobody cares about anything beyond their phone screen.
yeah if i saw a guy in a skirt i'd say "yo, that guy is wearing a skirt." and move on with my life.
but now they know if a large enough percentage of students protest together they can bring about change
there have been many civil rights protests that brought about change in the past 70 years. many people were arrested over them.
school policies can be the most bafflingly illogical things in the world. i'm reaching the end of my gcses and at the beginning we were told that study leave would not begin until the second last week of exams which makes little to no sense. on top of that, the time we spent during lessons would not be used to prep for the day's upcoming exams. instead we had to revise for whatever subject we were currently in. then the school cut down on the 40 minutes lunch we had before an afternoon exam to 20 minutes due to 40 minutes being "too long". this is in spite of the fact that if we followed the school's doctrine on revision then that 40 minutes would be all the time we were given to prep for that afternoon exam.
weird. at my school the girls all just wore sweatpants under their skirts on particularly cold days. but i'm in the south so it wasn't that often
my school had 2 armed police officers. i think they brought in dogs at least twice a year while i was there
at first i thought you meant "dodgers fans" and couldn't figure out how that was relevant
rompers are awful on anyone past the diaper stage because all anyone can think when they look at them is that the wearer is going to have to strip down completely to go to the bathroom.
well, i don't think you can treat the cause here really.. nor do we try to in sweden either. it's pretty futile.
get a ultila-kilt. they are dope as shit. pockets and hoops for your gear. usually manly looking colors and styles. i love mine and i wear it during hot summer days when i'm working outside.
exactly. if you're good at what you do, and what you do is important, you don't need to dress up like a waiter.
i used to work at a startup and there were days when we were asked to just look a little more dressed up like if we were having a big wig come by for meetings. even then though, the most the guys would do was wear darker jeans and a tie with their button up shirt. i don't think we ever had anyone show up in a suit.
except for dress code violations in the office. although, my workplace had a shorts day yesterday and a cookout.
by making comments about their hairy legs, isn't the school proving the dress code is social/cultural based? and not logic/fairness based. ------------------------------------- **edit**: to (the many) people replying "well durr", my point was if the school want to enforce the boys being less comfortable than the girls in high heat they have to come up with something rational/explainable. not just "hurr durr boys don't wear skirts and shorts don't look professional enough". it's both unfair, and a particularly poor example to set at a school. what lesson are they teaching the children if they won't budge on this issue? that authority figures are incapable of rational compromise, and should be ignored?
i never got the part where students' attire is distracting. here in finland it's completely normal for girls to wear yoga pants, and jean shorts are popular with both genders. teens are going to ogle each other no matter what they wear.
god, this is so annoying for work too. it's hot as balls and i have to wear trousers where all the female staff are wearing skirts. ask manager why can't men wear shorts ...and her answer was because your men. that's not a reason...
when any kind of institution says "we're doing our best" it's basically the equivalent of "our thoughts and prayers are with the victims". thanks for fucking nothing.
there's metal detectors on the way into some us schools.
i'm not saying they should have a/c. i'm just trying to also point out that the school is most likely very hot on the inside. a/c is standard in texas (and in a lot of states in the u.s.).
i swear that schools do this just so kids can get practice in public protest.
came to the office naked yesterday. that's how it becomes socially acceptable. anyone hiring?
is he a younger teacher? some of the younger teachers i had immediately started trying to connect without establishing positions and from then on they struggled with getting the proper respect. sounds like your friend knows how it be, and how it do.
that's actually nice that the girls had a choice. in my neighborhood some of the catholic school girls would wear sweat pants under their skirts on the walk to school and then take the pants off once they got there.
in my school girls had to do a trouser protest in the 90s to get the option of trousers. glad boys are getting their say too hopefully we can change super strict dress codes. one year my school got funny about kids wearing coats in winter because they made the school look scruffy. didn't last long after a protest
at my catholic school the girls were allowed to wear pants or shorts instead of the skirts in the winter or summer but most chose to just go with the skirts.
personally, i hope males being able to wear skirts and dresses catches on and becomes a normal option. down here in south florida it's so muggy for 8 months out of the year that it would be a welcome relief.
boys used to wear shorts and knee socks. incidentally, "boys in shorts and knee socks" feels like something i should probably not have in my search history.
there are totally classrooms without air conditioning in the south. the portable classrooms that all the poor overcrowded elementary schools used were constantly having their shitty portable ac units break, and they never got fixed.
it's good that they are taking a stand against inequality between boys and girls at their school. boys have a right to be comfortable in the heat too.
they didn't admit they were wrong, they just didn't want to go through the trouble. hard to enforce a rule no one follows.
i'm sure you could find some. most people have an above-average number of legs anyways.
can confirm- i wore a kilt once for halloween and i've never been so sexually harassed by women in all my life.
my teacher friends does it like this: he is really strict at the begining absolutely no leeway is given. then when they accept him as authority he tries to connect withthem on a personal level so they want to do what he says. he said that worked wonders for him and i have no doubt as he manages the worst classes in his schools.
just do it bro. thats how it becomes socially acceptable. when you don't give a fuck.
"what are you wearing under your kilt?" is a line i heard all the time when my brother owned a kilt.
maybe the boys should ask the girls not to shave their legs for a while, just to see what happens.
well lucky for me my parents were the ones who taught me to question things so they could only be so annoyed by my shenanigans
if an adult confiscated my child's coat in the middle of winter, i would be at the school anyway, and on a warpath.
yeah, texan checking in here. 86 is fuckin *niceeeeee*.
i think so too because they let go of the rule pretty much immediately after as if waiting for someone to point out there stupid rule.
that's understandable. my son's last day of school here in texas was june 1. he goes back august 28. it's still above 30 c though during that time. on the other end of the spectrum, texas schools close if ice/snow is on the ground.
when we grew up and went to school, there were certain teacher who'd hurt the children in anyway they could
that guy's pronunciation is pretty awful for someone who's supposed to be knowledeable. like he keeps pronouncing kshatriya as ka-sha instead of ksha. such an egregious mistake, just kind of grating to hear.
what of poles that we can't observe or verify? i believe there are only so many poles we can identify and use, but everything else requires the one capability unique to humans, belief. imho, suspending belief and only assenting to verifiable knowledge will only hinder humanity.
i don't think adamson claims to be an expert about it, which is why he does it in conjunction with ganeri. i guess it doesn't bother me because he's clear enough and at the very least consistent. then again i'm so used to speakers butcher french and german (and english) philosophical terms, so it's hard to get too worked up about it.
feels like a alternative historical account of deleuze and guattari. i've been listening to his indian philosophy "without any gaps" that he does in conjunction with peter adamson and it's quite interesting.
english isn't my native language, and despite being fluent in it, i've had a hard time reading this text, and this passage that you quoted specifically. could you tell me if i am getting it right? from what i've understood, this passage suggests that we should face life with an open mind, and not be dogmatic and think that only one way of seeing things(as science) will be the best. it suggests that we should make use of a practical attitude of living totally in the present, do not judge others people or things (example as to block out any kind of learning that would emerge from such encounter). the part of stasis/flux and causal interconnections is quite unclear to me... anyone care to elucidate? thanks in advance!
really fascinated by this: "a naya is not a proposition but a practical attitude, a strategy or policy that guides enquiry: it is an approach to the problem of producing knowledge, not a proposition about the sources of justification. one such policy might be to attend only to what is immediately present in experience, another might be to enumerate everything one encounters without making any categorical distinctions, another to attend to stasis rather than flux, or to causal interconnections rather than to essential attributes." thank you for sharing this. knowledge is difficult to attain (socrates seems to think it impossible) but strategies like these at coming closer to knowledge are truly a breath of fresh air during times of such chaos.
there is a epistemological framework that state that distinctions are the basis for grasping reality. without tracing distinctions, you can't see anything. it may be an illusion, but it might be a necessary one.
there seems to be a whole lot of stuff hanging off the biblical reference to a tree. first, the "tree of knowlegde" in the bible is not the tree of all knowledge...it is the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. second, among the majority of biblical scholars it is considered purely literary/metaphorical. it does not have an actual species. ok, interesting discussion here otherwise. please carry on.
he does frequently apologize for his weak pronounciation though.
this all sounds a bit like "alienation of labor" from marxism. i could be totally wrong, i went to culinary school and learned all of my philosophy from stoned college kids.
it's going through examples of strategies to gain knowledge (or at least ways of examining the possibility of gaining knowledge). the first two methods as you mentioned are 1) only paying attention to things that are present and around you or 2) examining things as they come without making judgements about them. the first of the other two methods is to only examine things that are in stasis 'stay the same' as opposed to usual methods of examining things in flux 'that are changing'. the second is to examine a things 'causal connections' to other things rather than any specific attribute of the thing itself. by causal connections it mean the way it effects other objects or concepts, what it causes to happen.
you've misinterpreted this piece, it does not make a relativist claim that all ideas are of equal value. it makes the claim that there exists different legitimate approaches to **producing** knowledge, not that all sources of **justification** are legitimate. i would recommend you reread the second and third paragraphs.
treebeard once said: "things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." but that's also what my old roommate would say after a bong rip..
what did your buddy snorting the rails of cocaine use to say? ;)
the tree of knowledge is civilization, totalitarian agriculture, and man taking his life into his own hands. where before we lived in the hands of god as other animals do, we now play god on our own and routinely feel the consequences of the original sin. daniel quinn ishmael
by definition, it is a talent or ability. juggling, cooking, public speaking. it's a specific function that can be exercised, developed and has a tangible, observable outcome. confidence, if you think about it, is faith in yourself and your abilities. it's more of a demeanour (or, as i said, a trait) than anything else.
because confidence isn't a task. you *are* confident. there are skills associated with confidence, but confidence itself is a disposition.
a skill is a skill. social, mechanical, physical or whatever. just because you may not like the particular skill someone is commenting on, doesn't give you the right to ban them or shame them from using iwtl. if you don't like the skill or issue that someone is discussing, don't read it! it really is that simple.
the only way to be confident is to act confident and hope it eventually sticks. i'm not a very confident person and introverted to boot, though fairly sociable. there are a ton of people who think i'm an extrovert based solely on baseless bravado that i throw off as confidence. to be confident, you only need to fake it till you make it.
i agree, but without categorizations, why bother with different subreddits?
the problem i have with soft skills here is that i think their learning processes generally need to be more suited to the actual person. for a hard skill, any procedures or resources can be applicable to pretty much anyone. soft skills are often like: "here's *my* problem, how do *i* go about solving it?" for hard skills it's almost always "how does *one* go about learning this?" and that's why soft skill requests are repeated more often. they're more likely to be about the person than the subject, so more people want to post their own thing instead of searching. basically i think soft skills should be allowed, but people should try to keep both requests and responses general so it's useful for everyone. personal advice is better suited to a different sub.
but you're advocating placing them all in the same pot... there are no "different fields" when everything is in the same field. that's what categorization is for. you need different fields if you are to cross them
i'm trying to figure out what the hell everyone is complaining about.
just because you only know of the one way to do it doesn't make it less of a skill...
very true, but i personally feel that if i'm going to bother someone with a question i should at least take the time to phrase it and work on it a little bit. i know, it isn't going to catch on, but i'll keep trying.
right. so then, when a person comes to you and asks "i want to learn to be confident", then they are asking you what tangible, observable things that they can do in order to develop a sense of confidence. i think that the "observable" part might be where the confusion lies: a feeling of confidence is observable *to the person who experiences the feeling*. but not anyone else. they can look at that persons actions and judge whether or not they seem confident, but cannot observe the persons emotions directly. like i've said though, just because its not something you can do, doesn't make it any less observable. the person performing the act will be able to judge whether or not the strategy they have developed has increased their sense of confidence, and that makes anything that they have done to gain that a skill. it just doesn't seem like it from an outside perspective.
i think you might be a bit of a "bitter dick". i think of this subreddit as a place to learn tips and tricks to becoming better as a person (including the emotional management).
because ideas grow better when you let them cross-germinate in different fields.
if you could improve your height with practice then height would be a skill.
right there in the sidebar: "*iwanttolearn is meant to help people who are looking for help starting a major project or learning a new skill.*" right there with you, this stuff isn't supposed to be here.
if you think critically about the question, you can see that a person isn't actually asking to learn how to confidence, but what things they can do to achieve confidence. those things, taken together, are a skill. all you've presented is a semantic argument.
i'm sort of torn. social skills are still skills. not being awkward around guys/girls isn't exactly learning to play guitar, but it is something to learn nonetheless. maybe it should be upon the mods to push those kinds of questions to the right place. threads like this aren't exactly welcoming to newcomers, and those newcomers may not fully grasp what this sub is to be about. a friendly nudge would probably be sufficient.
using the example "iwtl how to not feel anxiety in social situations", this is a broad and generic skill, and without a much more refined question it cannot bear any real help. a better question would be "iwtl anxiety management techniques" or "iwtl scientific methods to manage anxiety." the broad question can be approached this way, but a more refined question fits this sub better and will more likely yield results for the poster, as these questions ask for a specific skill.
if we're arguing about whether or not something is a skill, that *is* a semantic argument.
i see your point, but what you're referring to is more of a phrasing than the question itself. for example, when i read the op, i disagreed because iwtl is iwtl, not iwtl a specific skill. unfortunately, wanting people to prase things a certain way is really fruitless. if everyone could ask questions about certain things in a clear, concise way that would yield the best results, we'd all be sitting around holding hands and singing kumbaya.
i blame the people who upvote them more than anything.
thats an excellent personal criteria for judging whether or not you vote and comment on a post, but it doesn't work as well when it's a general rule.
but you can practice confidence via different techniques and you learn to become confident. i would say that's a skill. yes some people are more naturally confident, but i know that at times i have learnt to become more confident (although deep down still having no confidence still) and became a better person due to it. blegh, i hope this makes sense... i'm drunk...
yes, and i am stating that you have not presented anything other than that semantic argument. do you have any objections to the ideas themselves?
the only common thing between java and javascript is the name.
hate to bombard you with questions, but...is it possible to make simple rpg/jrpg games with javascript? also, does codeacademy teach java script?
true, but life is much easier if you choose a specialization that has a high opportunity/dreamchasers ratio. becoming an edm dj or freelance photographer? horrible idea, the number of opportunities out there is tiny compared to the masses of people also chasing the same dream. electrical or mechanical engineering? much better. accounting? probably the best, but there's few people who desire to become accountants for a damn good reason. the relatively high and stable pay makes up for it, however.
japanese on duolingo is supposedly very bad and at times, incorrect. just as a warning. duolingo isn't the greatest language learning resource. it's okay for more basic languages.
i've been learning french and japanese on duolingo. it's so easy and accessible. and keeping a daily streak for any habit will help, so keep that in mind.
java: make simple video games. then jump to android (it's actually java). you'll learn an invaluable skill.
people here have the right idea. the world you're going to come out into is going to be heavily dominated by computer programming.
i've heard that, my question was which is better to learn (especially if you want to get into app development)?
specialization is valued in our economy. if computer programming is your thing then go ahead. if its not, then do something else.
if yer a furry then yeah, not hard. well, i guess something might be...
no idea, never had spanish. i do know a bit of french.
you would sound like a perfectly authentic francophone speaking english!
faked british accents aren't cool in my opinion. mostly because i went to school with a really annoying girl who always tried to impress by putting on her most posh stupid accent in class. ugh. hated her. she wasn't even that great at english. usually i don't mind my own accent since i can't hear it too much but sometimes i get self conscious about the fact that it'll stick with me forever, even if i move to an english speaking country. i don't wanna be that foreigner nobody can talk to because while they're speaking english, you have no idea what they're saying because of a heavy accent.
great story, i wonder how these kids (all grown up now) feel about the creation of an independent kurdish state which is closer than ever. the iraqi krg are holding a referendum on a kurdish state/kurdish independence very soon, and the sdf and ypg/ypj have almost a de facto state in the north of syria.
but a porcupine concubine could be a thing ya know ?
how the hell is hmm-mmh supposed to be pronounced? do you mean mmh- hmm?
sure, eliza dushku, who is faith from buffy, her family is from albania. she went a few years back and did some stuff there and got an eagle tattoo.
some were very young when they left. one said that her first memory was the red cross air drops of food while they walked to turkey.
we use both, didn't know british don't use yelling. there's also hollering here.
[](/ppseesyou "hello flair") horses or no horses, that's really not a question when you just want light conversation :p [](/sp) also i feel like geography classes and history classes over the world don't mention much of albania maybe to send the message that it's a boring country ;)
i still worry about using the word "chagrin" because for the longest time i didn't know if the "ch" was hard or soft. (afaik it's soft - "sha-grin")
the word that fucks me up the most, as a native (american) english speaker is jaguar. is it jag-war or jag-u-ar? i only hear people rich enough to own one (the car, not the cat) say it the second way, but i'm not rich enough to own one so idk.
don't worry, i'm 16, live in america, and have no clue what a concubine is
hey, i love dirty jokes. make it anyway. boy can i relate to that last line. sometimes i forget my own accent and switch to an extremely southeastern, extremely irritating accent that i probably picked up from spending so much time with our relatives who live in a southeastern town. i also roll my r's all the time. doesn't help that in my native language the rolled r and the soft r are separate letters.
i've visited tirana, it was mind blowing cause we went in february and it's the farthest south i've been inside europe (am from estonia myself). freaked out lots of people because i refused to wear a coat in something like 15 degrees - we were having -10 at home so i had no interest in giving a fuck.
i wouldn't know. i'm hoping to ditch my accent anyway. i barely use my native language anymore, lol. despite living here still. communication is easier in english.
there isn't really a modern use for it. a man might have a mistress or a 'kept woman' but generally speaking he's not trying to use them for backup kids if his wife can't produce an heir. you could live a perfectly normal life without ever knowing what it meant.
oh god i really hope you didn't refer to morbid things as mormon out loud i would have died of embarrassment
that made me smile lol. thank you. fortunately i'm getting over my stutter bit by bit, and now it's pretty much only there when i'm around strangers or some pretty girl. lmao. also, i love your attitude towards all this stuff. you sound like a fun person to be around.
english is fun like that. like, hy-per-bo-le, not hy-per-bole. why is it "pronunciation" while you "pronounce"? the list is endless!
english is my native language and i've honestly never heard condominium used, like ever. i googled it, they're just flats aren't they?
yeah, she's albanian. also fun fact, the eagle is our national symbol which explains the tattoo. our flag is a two headed eagle too. we're badass as fuck.
i'm definitely going to pronounce it "an-tell-oh-pee" now.
maybe plethora you were getting confused with poinsettia?
it's kind of funny since you know her... but as someone who has similar problems, i would highly encourage you to help her pronounce things correctly. i say a few things oddly/incorrectly (and i can't hear the difference/it sounds right in my head but my mouth doesn't do the right thing) and it makes my coworkers lose respect for me and generally people think i'm less intelligent (when that isn't the case, i received excellent grades in university and excel at work). it's very frustrating and could cause self esteem issues for some people (luckily, i know myself well enough that i can brush it off/get irritated with myself rather than sad). please. do her a favour and *help her learn* to do it right, or she'll have more difficulty as she gets older. don't giggle about it because that type of attention might make her think it's ok to sound dumb and that is something you'll both regret when she's trying to break into a professional setting.
that's why i figured i'd point it out! i know that sort of thing can get lost in translation with second languages
i know and i don't get the logic. the hell do you mean it's not ar-kansas?
points out what? also, if you don't mind me asking, which sounds do you usually make instead of th?
i am dutch. i know a bit of french and german, and english obviously.
mother theresa and john belushi also are albanian!
i used to read the word 'misled' as 'mizzled' and thought it meant something like annoyance or feeling indignation. i was 18 when i found out it was not a word. i still use it sometimes because i like it.
when i was in middle school, saddam was really cracking down on the kurdish population and a lot of them were being given political asylum in the us. i was volunteering with an old teacher with some kids who were upper elementary through early high school. they were fresh off the boat. most had been in refugee camps for years. their english was not so good, but they wanted to learn the language and the customs of the us. one of the best phrases was, "it's too much hot outside." we would go to the beach regularly (which you do in san diego) and they would always yell "we're going to the bitch." pronunciation wasn't where it was supposed to be. they were good kids. i still use the phrase, "it's too much hot outside."
i... have no words. i like you man. hey, i think the little things like "weird" accents and speech impediments make listening to a person talk more fun, though i probably am a huge hypocrite for saying that because i have an awkward stutter and loathe myself very deeply for it. i doubt you sound as silly as you think.
i'm in britain and when i first came here i used to say yelling instead of shouting (yelling is american i learned) and i used to pronounce yogurt - yo(as in the greeting)gu(didnt really pronounce the r correctly)t
i think so too, but i also think everyone is their worst critic. i am by far my worst critic. most people never mention the little quirks that my speech has, really. and don't feel bad about having a stutter. i mean, samuel l. jackson has one and is one of the most beloved actors in the whole film industry! i cannot say that i know the struggle, but anyone who gives you a tough time for something as small as a stutter isn't worth your time anyhow. it's the little things that make us unique!
oh god, it seems like every class has that girl. i'm not a judgamental person but i really don't like those people. accents almost always go away on their own, after enough exposure. my uncle learned english in his 20s, then worked with americans for a good two years, and after that his native accent was inaudible when he spoke english, so that's not something you should worry about too much. i personally don't want to "grow out" of my accent, but that may have to do with the fact that i'm very pathriotic lol
epitome is a fun word. i can never remember the right way to pronounce it so it's a 50/50 chance of me getting it. luckily i don't use it often. as another non native english speaker i feel your pain. i've made myself look silly so many times, although mostly by mispronouncing things. i do tend to research words so i know how to use them, as i come upon them.
well that's one lifetime of doubt solved. thank you! i just don't know whether medicine is said like medi-sayn or medi-sin, or whether direction is said like die-rection or dee-rection. i get this ee vs ay/ey problem quite a lot
i feel you on the epitome thing. fortunately i was told that even native speakers get that wrong a lot too, so you don't have to worry too much about the 50% of the time that you pronounce it wrong. lmao my best friend (he's from england, we know each other through the internet) will never stop making fun of me for pronouncing extremely like ex-trem-ley or pronouncing british like "braytish" for the longest time
when i was young i read *a lot* like and absolute ton of books. so that would often expose me to words that are not often spoken in day to day conversation. one such word was "awry". so fast track to 9th grade and we are reading "of mice and men" and my english teacher (who was awesome) explains the old saying that inspired the title "the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry". when he pronounces awry, i promptly corrected him. he looked at me weirdly and said "that's not how you pronounce it!" so i was pronouncing it like aw-ry (with the ry being pronounced like the ree in reed, it kind of sounded like erie) but the way my teacher was pronouncing it was like the ending sounded like rye. turns out i was completely wrong but because of only ever reading the word in books and never hearing it, i had made up a pronunciation that i, in my infinite wisdom deemed "the only way". i was a complete doofus.
i have a few friends there, they pronounce it ar-can-saw
everyone points it out to me at some point. it's pretty annoying because my ex's best friend would mock me for it every time it happened. at least i know i'm not alone in my inability to pronounce it!
things have changed. it's gotten a lot colder over here, so you'd no longer get weird looks from not wearing a coat in 15 degrees. also tirana may be the capital, but it's not even the best city. the south has plenty of cool places you should check out if you ever visit us again, like butrint or himara.
oh that reminds me, that one of the first things i (repeatedly and increasingly angrily) asked my poor exchange partner in school was "how much watch is it?", being convinced that this is how you ask for the time in english. on a other occasion, i thought it would be a good idea to learn english from books like alice in wonderland. this resulted in a rather awkward oral exam where i used "i beg your indulgence" to ask for permission to speak. (much to the amusement to our teachers)
a lot of people point out my speech impediment when it's on a word that is changed by it. i can't say "three," i say, "free." it gets confusing and people say "free what...?" that's not a big deal, i just clarify that i can't pronounce the word "three" and they understand. but "brother," is my least favorite word in this regard. my ex's friend would always repeat how i say the word as soon as i said it. "so, my bruvver and i were hanging out and-" "ha, bruvver!" it always made me not want to finish the story because it made me so self-conscious of this one thing that i can't pronounce that seemingly everyone else can. she did this a lot and i never stuck up for myself. the "th" sound can be a v, f, d, or t to me. it's super annoying.
if you didn't already know, you might want to add knowing the distinction between "compilation" and "compulation". that one bit me in the butt for a long time.
correct. we like being conveniently close to greece so we can steal their olive oil with ease.
that's fantastic! i am sure you know more russian, german and italian than i -- even if you don't think you do! :) i commend you for learning other languages - that's quite a skill to have and know! :)
jesus that's sad. people forget that iraq wasn't a sunny paradise when saddam and the baathists were in power. did you learn some kurdish from them?
my partner is native english speaker, but because he grew up reading a lot rather than talking to other people, some of his pronunciations are a bit off. bagels are "baag-ells", prius is "pry-uss", and graham is "grey-ham" among other things. if he makes a mistake, he says "my bag" instead of "my bad", because he apparently mis-heard it the first time and then just kept hearing it that way.
yeah, which definitely showed that j. k. rowling doesn't no shit about albania other than that it's eastern and remote and mysterious or something.
i am fluent in english (consider it more my primary than secondary) but most of my vocab comes from reading a lot of books. this means some of those words i never heard out loud and so i would have to make educated guesses. my friend had to tell me i was pronouncing "courtesy" incorrectly. the word "court" is in there, how was i supposed to know it was "curt-esy"? also lingerie was weird. learned how to say it right by a friend in high school. kind of the opposite but the word "cancel" is for warped in my mind so i can never hear it in my head correctly. i can say it out loud just fine though lol.
this is the curse of book worms everywhere! i've lost count of how many words i've pronounced wrong because the spelling is so completely off from how they sound. the most recent one was cliche. i always pronounced it as "click" for some reason until a friend corrected me. i'm 35 and a native english speaker.
okay, so this reminds me of my friend so much i had to comment. my friend calls everyone son, and he is the youngest sibling of his family, so he was talking to his sister when we were going out to eat and he was like "sit down, son!" so she responds with "okay, dad." he freaked out lol! he was like "don't call me that!" it was so hilarious, i think he finally realized how awkward calling his siblings son was haha.
fwiw, there are parts of the south where people pronounce initial "th" as a "d." so they'll say "ovah dei-uh" for "over there."
well we have surrogates now. i guess that's functionally the same. and "mistress"... you mean side chick?? since we're talking about modern words for things lol.
well, she's not wrong with what she knows. i was personally overjoyed when i saw my country mentioned in my most favorite book series ever. 7 year old me was crying so hard.
do you know how to pronounce spanish? use the spanish vowels: puteitou - putaatou tumeitou - tumaatou the u is not quite like the u in spanish though, maybe closer to the french ou?
i thought mormon and morbid were the same until i was 12.
i only visited 2 years ago, has it really changed that much since? didn't get to pick out where i was going since it was school related, but i'll definitely keep it in mind if i happen down there again.
english spelling is just too irregular to be used to explain how to pronounce things haha anyway, the *potato* and *tomato* difference is in the *a* in the middle: drawn out *aa* like in *aah* the interjection, or a short *ay* like the second a in *anyway* ooh i think i managed to explain! ???
i've heard of it, but only because it was mentioned in harry potter.
spanish is my first language but i'm an english teacher, and i still struggle with words like 'order' or 'tartar'. if i can i just pronounce them like i have a british accent
i think foreign accents are really cool, and i am not just saying this because i have one. it's just really cool that you're listening to this person from an entirely different background with a different culture and language communicating with you in a language that you both understand, and the accent is proof of that. that being said, that best friend's ex boyfriend is definitely guilty of bullying me into having a semi-british accent for a full year.
aw, thank you. but i really can't speak italian or german to save my life. i hated having to take italian at school and german just won't get through my head, but i'll see how russian goes. it's a language i actually *want* to learn, so...
english is my first language and i just learned what concubine means
english is my mom's first and only language. i learned a few days ago she's been pronouncing "falcon" wrong. be proud you're able to learn a second language!
albania may be much more well known than you think. don't sell yourself short. your ancestors had guts. they survived the worst of humanity could offer.
tartar is hard because there a two allophonic pronunciations that mean different things. when pronounced tar-t*e*r, it means an pre-modern steppe people, and variety a of mayonnaise-based sauce often served with seafood, which is inexplicably named in their honor when pronounced tar-t*a*r, if refers to potassium bitartrate, a carboxlyic acid that is a common byproduct of wine-making. in short, english orthography is only marginally predictive of a given word's pronunciation.
you should start putting on an irish accent, then you can pronounce all your th's as t's and no one will notice.
english isn't my native language and sometimes i blank out on the basic english words (like dresser) and replace it with the czech equalivent.
much of learning english pronunciation is just about hearing the words in context a lot (because the pronunciation doesn't make sense, you just have to hear it enough to remember it instinctively). you mentioned you were from albania. do you tend to dub movies there? if so, i suggest starting to watch more movies and tv-series with the original english speech. that's a very good way to learn pronunciation. i'm from norway, and here we only tend to dub cartoons. movies and tv-shows just have subtitles. i think that's one of the main reasons that 80-90 % of the population knows english. as for the word "medicine", it is pronounced like "medi-sin" or "med-uh-sin"
i'm 35. learned english since i was 8. living in the uk for 12 years now. working with english people and communicating freely in casual and corporate talk. still can't pronounce 'categories' correctly.
i am a native speaker and i distinctly remember doing exactly that when i was young.
english is my first and only language, for most of my life i thought melee was pronounced meallea.
thanks! i've got it covered - i'm actually a speech therapist (although i will admit that giving "therapy" to your own child is *nothing* like working with a client, and probably less effective.) anyway, i do work with her on difficult words, breaking them down and giving her strategies like choosing another word that means the same thing. but for hallelujah there was just no hope.
i'm a native english speaker and until i was 21 i pronounced the name penelope like penna-lope instead of pin-ell-uh-pee
you're not stupid; you're just a non-native english speaker making a few mistakes with a *super* confusing and jumbled language; i literally can't imagine how hard it is for non-native speakers to nail down the numerous quirks, exceptions, and oddities of the english language.
i just realized i actually pronounce comfortable like comfor table.... had to google the right pronunciation. i feel so silly now
pronuncation is so damn confusing. i'm fluent in english but i still have no idea how to pronounce some every day words, like "library", "medicine" or "direction". i just mumble and pray.
oh god, how did you even word the weed sentence? what did you think you were saying?
same. mine is spanish (i don't know yours) and from spending so much time here i already think in a hybrid english and spanish
mine's albanian. i agree, it's easier to think in a mix of ebery language you know.
some guy at work asked me if i was republican or dominican.
taking a porcupine as a concubine would not, i imagine, be pleasant! thank you for sharing this!
great, you just solidified "albania" as "olive oil stealing thugs". i hope your country's proud! :')
i just recently learned how you pronounce lingerie. took a lot of laughter from my friends though.
i use and read english every day, on reddit, youtube, everywhere, yet sometimes i need to check online for translation of common, everyday words. today for example i had to look up "performance" (which, btw, is a word used here as well) because i didn't remember the translation from my language. one thing i never understood (and am too lazy to do a research about) is the difference between ape, monkey and chimp. we have one word for all "generic monkey-like animal" in my language.
you mean 'copulation'? or 'computation'? seriously, google search for 'compulation' only shows results for misspelled 'compilation'.
one of my best friends in high school used to talk about rowing, like fighting? and all i could think of was, "as in...a boat?"
english is my native language and i only this year finally understood both meanings of the word sorry. i before only understood it to mean i regret doing something like i'm sorry i broke your favorite vase grandma. i would get a bit confused when people would sorry for the death of someone else's loved one. "i'm sorry your uncle burnie died" "why are you sorry did you kill him". in my second language esperanto in such a situation one says kompaton which means compassion to you or mercy to you. comparing these two i finally understand sorry also communicates the same basic idea.
again, thank you. who knows how much potential embarrassment you've saved me. my native tongue is albanian. i swear, if you've ever heard of albania i'm going to be seriously amazed.
it's nothing, son. (don't mind me, i tend to call people son. i even call my dog son.)
oh, chimps are the abbreviation of chimpanzees? then we do have a word for it. so is ape a synonym of primate?
i can't even say! it sounded *nothing* like hallelujah, though! howl-uh-jew-luh how-jew-loo-luh howa-lew-jew-juh she just couldn't get it!
i've always been curious, i'm serbian and our national symbol is also a two-headed eagle. why do you think it's like that? byzantine influences?
aw, that's actually really cute. how did she pronounce hallelujah, if you don't mind me asking?
chimps are chimpanzees and apes are like a grouping of animals like gorrlias and humans and monkeys are apes with tails.
i was going to make a dirty joke, but i don't want to come off as a jerk! for the longest time, i couldn't pronounce melancholy. i didn't realize it was pronounced "melon-collie" and terribly marred it to the point where i can't write how i pronounced it. i also cannot pronounce the "th" sound and roll my r's by accident. i'm a native speaker, i just suck at speaking my native language!
i've heard of albania! i only know one person from there though, skanderbeg! only know it from euiv though, used them to skewer the silly kebab(ottoman empire).
oh don't worry i don't mind at all! i just figured i'd let you know in case it could help in the future
oh! haha, i don't think i've even posted much there. small world, eh?
glad to know i'm not the only one who thought it was pronounced like that!
i'm american and i've heard of albania! it's where voldemort hid in the harry potter series
i was going to say that the only difference between a porcupine and concubine is in whether you give or receive a prick. yeah, i have no idea where the rolled r's come from for me. i live in a rural town in the northeastern us, so you'd think i'd have a really backwoods sounding accent. but no, my r's are rolled, my "th" noise is nonexistent, and i sometimes turn my l-sound into the sound you make when you pronounce the letter y. it's a weird bunch of speech-impediments that make me sound silly.
english is our second language in our country. as a kid, my wife thought "perishable goods" meant something for the parish.
hah i was browsing serious conversation and read one of your comments, and i thought "dang taalnatie is familiar!" now i realize why!
i'm the opposite. i use english so much (on the internet, of course) that sometimes i forget words in my native language and use the english equivalent, but with an atrocious accent and bad pronuncation.
i also used them interchangeably and was never corrected. i wonder why that is.
i learned english mostly from books, games, and paper dictionaries (this was in 90's pre-internet). so i had trouble with words that had double meaning in slang or colloquial language. when i went as exchange student, i remember these: - "date" - had couple of girls to ask me out on a date - i didn't understand what they wanted and i unwittingly turned them down (still feel a little cringely when i think about that) - "mess" - i had couple of people think i shat my pants when i just wanted to say they got a bit muddy because it was raining outside - "weed" - i accidentally had someone send me a dealer because they though i wanted to buy marijuana. it was a bit awkward when a car stopped by me at 10 pm trying to sell me weed and i had no idea what he was talking about.
lol they are very, very different things! this reminds me of a friend's wife. english is not her native language and they were driving by some condominiums. so as they were passing them she told her husband, look at all those condoms!
i used "than" and "then" interchangeably until around 7th or 8th grade. not a single english teacher ever corrected me on my papers ever. english is also not my first language, but i had been going to school in the us since 3rd grade.
i try to avoid saying it unless it's in an obvious joking manner but i do agree that i'm not the best at judging whether it's appropriate to joke around or not. thank you lol
colonel. that word just fucked me up. (it's pronounced like kernel!)
that made me chuckle. i love kids sometimes. and i think it was really nice of you that you volunteered to help refugees and all, too. ah yes, the good old beach vs bitch struggle. i know that too well. there's also the lesser known coke vs cock struggle.
then i guess it varies. maybe your teachers were still very exposed to their native tongue and spoke it constantly?
i live and work in an english speaking environment, and consider myself close to fluent. but my brain refuses to call styrofoam anything but flamingo. hey, where did we put those flamingo boxes? alway get confused looks, and then i get confused, cause my brain just wont accept that styrofoam is not called flamingo in english.
know the feel, haha. i have many friends from england as well and constantly get bullied for how i pronounce pretty much everything. ain't my fault i have an accent, guys :(
well i have my doubts based mainly on my english teacher who was a brit that had lived in my country for 30 years and still had a thick accent. and the russian chemistry teacher in high school who had also been here for like 25+ years..
eminent and imminent being disparate, marginally different, words is irksome to me, for some reason.
i get that too! i only remember that 15 in italian is quindici because i was reading something out loud in italian class and read the number 15 in my mother tongue instead, and everyone rushed to correct me while laughing.
that made me chuckle. that little misunderstanding must've made your life sound pretty interesting until you cleared it up.
so, you heard the word "concubine" and thought of your friend's wife, huh?
"eppitomee" somehow i never had trouble with that one. or most words, really. english pronunciation is a huge inconsistent clusterfuck and i have *no idea* how i can tell how everything is pronounced but i usually can.
i lived on koch lane in america for years. there was no consensus pronunciation of it. i heard cork, coke, cosh, cock, cotch, corsh, but never the actual german pronunciation of koch (like scottish loch). i gave up and just spelled it.
are you *getting* or *catching* crabs while having sex on a crab fishing boat?
i know, like half of their bullshit is actually decent. i just wish that the other half was the old discovery channel. then maybe i'd pay for cable again
so we get smarter everyday, vsauce.... and then... colin furze shows up and the whole cycle seems to be repeating itself.
that's nuts, i feel like that song was *everywhere.*
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i told my wife that tlc stood for "the learning channel," and she absolutely did not believe me. shit's depressing.
that sounds like putting the cart before the horse by my recollection. you *could* download things like that by the time mtv went bad but casual streaming was still a few years away.
i hate when people think bloodhound gang was a one hit wonder band. i own all of their albums and the are all fantastic.
my horrible alcoholic degenerate of a father loved that song, and as bad as our relationship was, air guitaring next to him while getting a lift to school will always be one good memory i keep. oddly, another one is putting my cat down when i was a kid, and having "walk of life" on the muzak at the vet office. finally, romeo and juliet was playing the time my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend in high school. i'm admittedly tepid about dire straits, but i'll be damned if they haven't randomly imprinted into my life more than most bands i listen to constantly.
discovery channel really sucks now. it's all this semi scripted, docu-soap style crap. they need to show more animals having sex.
look at us, making shower thoughts in shower thoughts.
"the bad touch" by the bloodhound gang, just in case you are wondering, haven't read comments to see if someone has said it.
maybe wet dreams are just young guys being raped by ghosts.
it's also very predictable and yet still entertaining. "the crew of the wizard is not having a good day." "keith sucks! this sucks! we've been up 48 hours, we're only getting 10 crab per pot. this is not what i signed up for!" "a hundred twenty six miles northeast, the northwestern comes up on the pots it left to soak before it went to dutch harbor. tensions are still really high." crew member: "fucking sig, man, i can't believe he said that shit in harbor." sig: "oh they're fishermen, fishermen talk shit sometimes. i'm just hoping that these pots are full of crab so people get the fuck over themselves." pot comes up. "holy shit! we got crab!!" sig: "that's what i'm talking about!" crew member: "yeah i still hate what sig said but we're like, a family, you know, and good work is good work."
one of the songs my dad liked. if i hear it i'm blasting it.
as a child i never realised this spells fuck in the military alfabet, the things you miss as a kid..
farouk, farouk, farouk is on fire. we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn. burn motherfucker burn. what did farouk do to piss off the bg?
i mean almost 20 years, id say that's a decent chunk of a lifespan.
cky? yes actually. the singer left the band now though and chad ginsburg(guitarist) does vocals now. it's....odd. i don't know if i like it yet. they're doing warped tour this year
speaking of ghosts and showers; if ghosts are real, they are absolutely touching themselves while watching us in the shower.
they still make some damn good music. still juvenile as they were when i was 13 too
don't forget deron now has a new band, 96 bitter beings. also a bit odd but they have the benefit of having the voice of cky, they still play cky songs live.
brum brwaaah bwumm bra brum bra brow brum, brum brum brum bra brum bra bra
i really wouldn't mind having the crab fishing show* if on the rest of the time i got good science programs. * i actually like the crab show... :(
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about.
this also applies to the history channel. i think tlc is too far gone to save...
damn, people have some uptight work environments if the word "penis" is nsfw.
i ain't afraid of no **sleep** i ain't afraid of no **bed**
just because you like them doesn't mean they aren't a one hit wonder. they fit the definition pretty well. they had one hit song they are known for.
bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bu-bu-bustin
there's literally an interview with the ceo where he explains that this is the case.
if ghosts are invisible and undetectable, you might be fucking one at this very second
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up
i'm 17 lol. should have specified closer my age than the whole generation of millennial ish age people nobody understood my reference :(
so put your hands down my pants, and i'll bet you feel nuts.
that aint workin...that's the way ya do it you get pregnant at 16 on the mtv
you reading this discovery executives? cause guess why no one is subscribing to cable anymore? we want intelligent programming, not rednecks hamming it up for the camera. wtf is wrong with you?
technically, a band needs to have a top-40 hit on the pop charts to be a "one hit wonder" and the bloodhound gang never had a top-40 song. bad touch, their only charting song, hit 52. and i'm a huge bloodhound gang fan.
i had the same shower thought and there are a few outdated references in that song!
i loved cky. not really a fan of the new stuff. since deron left the sound is different too. i didn't know he made a new band though. til
and coca-cola stock isn't flat, so it's still pretty inclined.
i highly doubt anything would want to touch itself if it sees my naked body
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up.
if they have just one song, it's "fire water burn" though. and this thread is about a totally different song which apparently a lot of people have heard, so that's at least two hits
sad story: i am the oldest person in my band by about 7 years (i'm 31). we were talking about this song, and one of our members, who knows the lyrics, goes "i didn't know this, do you know who sissel and eggert were?" i replied "movie critics" he was amazed that i knew (what he thought was) a very obscure piece of knowledge.
have you heard bloodhound gang's song titled " a lap dance is always better when the stripper is crying"? that some classy shit right there..that song never fails to make me laugh.
i agree that mtv would have a rough time playing just videos now, but they stopped being about music long before online streaming of videos was a thing.
he used the word latest correctly. what is your point?
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you'll feel nuts!
yeah, but the other things used to be good. like liquid television.
and it's not even than long since '99... that's depressing
changing it into "tlc", they would have sex with ghosts, really fat people, gypsies, midgets or totally crazy couponing-people.
i was lonelier than kunta kinte at a merle haggard concert that night i strolled on into uncle limpy's hump palace lookin' for love.
aww man. only now do i actually understand that line after seeing it written out and now i'm sad after realising that both of them are dead now
seriously, they stopped being about music like a decade before the music industry started allowing their music videos on youtube. it's like people don't even realize that the music industry was doing everything they could to kill youtube, until they just gave up.
kari is the hotest chick i have ever seen on a screen. i'm not even into redheads either
mtv started airing lots of reality programming in mid-90's, a decade before youtube was started.
can someone explain the "having sex on a crab fishing boat or with gold miners reference" for me? i googled it but didn't come up with anything as clear as the references.
eminems gotta cuss in his raps to sell records. well me too, so fuck will smith!
oh yeah, discovery channel used to be pretty cool before it was ruined by the ignorant masses who apparently prefer overly dramatic dumbasses fishing for crabs rather than discovering the wonders of the animal kingdom.
yeah, mtv stopped being a music channel when cds were still a thing.
if they didn't offer a discount for bundles, people would complain that they were paying the same amount for each service even though there is a reduced overhead for the company when you have multiple services. it isn't like there is a separate line for each service or separate billing, etc... now i can't say the discounts are necessarily proportionate, but there is at least some reason for bundles to exist that are not ridiculous.
i hope your pinto begins to spin and takes out a disabled vietnam veteran.
at least the part of the song that goes "and we would do it doggy style so we can both watch x-files" is still applicable.
i want you covered, want you smothered, like my waffle house hashbrowns
why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck out of here!
i wasn't aware either. i've had this screen name(not on reddit but various places on the internet) since i was literally 13, i feel like i should be more a super fan and up on this stuff but i'm not. i heard rumors that deron pulled some shady shit and chad booted him out of the band, but i'm glad he's still playing cky songs. they were my absolute favorite back in high school. i was on the street team and handed out stickers for the day infiltrate destroy rebuild was released. it was also hat day at school and i had this awful straw hat i colored with black markers to say "infiltrate. destroy. rebuild." around it
tlc? baaa haa haa. what a flaming pile of shit that channel is. i'm still pissed they have the balls to keep their name. what "learning" goes on there? i did learn about trashy gypsies and what wedding dress not to buy.
can confirm time period from username. this guy 90's.
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you feel nuts
*me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i think you're missing a few brums in the first line
fuck off m8 there's plenty of folks under 25 that love 80's and 70's music.
i am no papa, sir thinks a lot. but i am glad you're interested in the type of party where everyone gets shitfaced and evaluates the meaning of life and existence. it's fun :d
it's a great novel that i think everyone would benefit from reading. ishmael by daniel quinn
fun fact: a gorilla's average penis size is 4 inches. source: am science.
supervising others is easier. source: i've managed dozens of people at once, and i'm a single father, but managing myself is a struggle.
there are like 8 billion humans on the planet and like a few thousand gorillas? also, among the gorillas there was only one gorilla of the majesty of harambe. so the question is not "would you", but rather... how many more people would you put on the track to save harambe?
you either die as harambe or live long enough to be just another gorilla.
i cannot speak for you, sir. but my ancestors were not monkeys. they were orangutans. hard working, patriotic orangutans.
i thought smiling and dialin was an american saying. your spelling of center as centre, proves otherwise
it is a great book, and changed the way i approached thinking about civilization and progress. however in the many years since, i've come to realize how overly simplistic, and downright wrong ishmael is about what humans were (probably) like before the agricultural revolution. basically, it doesn't look like there were ever any true leaver cultures. we drastically reshaped and changed (and destroyed) our world long before we started farming. farming just gave us the ability to overpopulate. check out the books 1491 and sapiens, they make compelling arguments. i'd say reading ishmael and then studying anthropology is like learning about bohr-rutherford diagrams and then studying chemistry; a great foundation for the concepts, but in themselves oversimplified and inaccurate.
every time a phone rings, a telemarketer dies a little inside.
according to science, it's the shooter's fault, since they shot the gorilla. but morally, it's less certain. source: am science.
when i'm a billionaire, i plan to do exactly what you're describing with someone, but actually save them and give them a ton of money
i don't know anything about you, but you seem like a good person. - slowly dying in a cubicle farm.
i read the whole thing and i'm glad, even though you lost me at centaurs...
this is my favorite quote from anything, ever. when i have house parties and get a little too drunk i bust out the passage and make everyone reflect on how shitty we are. i'm a really fun host.
he's telling them the story of our lord and savior harambe
how do they each compare to the original, if you don't mind me asking? the first is an absolute favorite but i'm scared the others will mar my impression a bit if they don't hold up as well.
it's much easier to stop everyone else from eating the last doughnut than it is to stop yourself from doing it. to stop yourself you need insane levels of endurance, mental fortitude and self control, to stop everyone else you just need a riot shield and a taser.
only the third comment! if only ishmael was more popular than harambe.
yeah. well my team of 10 people. it was cold calling sales so it was a grinding, difficult, painful job. i'm not in that gig anymore, thankfully.
this is the exact reason why you will never be a billionaire
like if adam sandler died, would chris farley have made jack and jill?
coup was a inside job. civilians can't melt steel tanks.
i can get you out u/stormelemental13 but you must do exactly what i say. the cubicle across from you is empty. go to it. now! when i tell you, go to the office at the end of the hall, and use the scaffolding to get to the roof.
"so this kid falls into my enclosure and i'm like.."
those early autumn winds can bring a chill that kills even the heartiest of office people.
me too, and i'm proud to say harambe didn't even cross my mind.
"what does self actualization mean once we achieve the lesser stages of maslow's proposed hierarchical advance through life?" "covfefe"
"nah nah nah, see. everybody is focusing on the kid or the gun, but you gotta follow the bananas. who put the kid there? who knew what the zoo was forced to do? harambe was assassinated by the powers that be because he hooked up with one of their daughters. she had some big, big titties."
*when i say "dank"* *you say "memes!*" *...dank!*
don't worry, he said "again" implying that his staff were already dead once. he'll just reanimate them once his mp regenerates. plus everybody knows that call center telemarketers are really just an army of the undead.
i'm 22 now and slowly losing my eye sight, when do i get access to my adult super vision?
depending where you live, morning meetings could get a bit frosty. not the most pleasant.
it's worse to have lived and experience death than to never live at all -harambe probably
by daniel quinn, an excellent book that changed the way i thought about human history and our culture when i was a young teen. read it, please.
don't forget my ishmael as well. each book tells the story of a different student of ishmael's.
that itself is very profound. not one of us would have known the name if he had never been killed.
on that note, the story of b is also a great read. if you folks haven't read either of these books, do yourself a favor and read them now.
the original was persians and iranians. i had to replace that for proper context in our post-ape-colonized world.
instructions unclear, now i'm in shridevi's cubicle and he *really* likes his personal space...
why does this exist? this animal should be free. i hate how humans can just think this is okay. this animal deserves freedom just like you and i .
i only wish your username was papashmear. and to be invited to said house party.
that's one of the worst subs i've ever seen, yikes. there goes my last few brain cells.
"...but in this situation, who is the guilty party? the parent, the child, or the shooter? please consider this in your groups and then we'll have an open discussion on the harambe problem."
ha that's actually what i meant. mind explaining in excruciating detail?
"and that is why kids, ever since, we have and always insisted on dicks out."
 in 1930, the republican-controlled house of representatives, in an effort to alleviate the effects of the... anyone? anyone?... the great depression, passed the... anyone? anyone? the tariff bill? the hawley-smoot tariff act? which, anyone? raised or lowered?... raised tariffs, in an effort to collect more revenue for the federal government. did it work? anyone? anyone know the effects? it did not work, and the united states sank deeper into the great depression. today we have a similar debate over this. anyone know what this is? class? anyone? anyone? anyone seen this before? the laffer curve. anyone know what this says? it says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. this is very controversial. does anyone know what vice president bush called this in 1980? anyone? something-d-o-o economics. "voodoo" economics. bueller?... bueller?... bueller?
if a train was heading towards 3 humans tied to the tracks, but you could switch the tracks to hit one endangered gorilla on a separate set of tracks, would you?
 bringing back memories man. i despised that answer as a kid, teach me fuck. just telling me to believe you because you're older or my teacher isn't good enough. thankfully the internet came along just in time.
if you grew up in a religious environment where you were punished for saying "well that doesn't make sense..." then you learn early to suppress logic.
i teach in georgia (state). updated science standards are being rolled out here to specifically try to address this next year. most of the new standards ask the students to "obtain, evaluate and communicate" information, as well as to "plan and carry out an investigation" on various standard threads. the focus will be on students discovering the information themselves through investigation instead of simply being told what they need to know by the teacher. yes, this seems like common sense, especially for a science class, but it's better late than never i guess. it seems like most of my students are so used to information being handed to them that when they are asked to think critically, many just shut down.
memorization is not quite the right word. yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). it is the integration that makes it make sense to you. you can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. that is rote repetition until you can recite it. however you can easily recite it and not understand it. i know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. i think i understand what you were trying to say, i just have issues with the word memorization for it.
decreasing access to resources = less empathy. we're just like any other animal in that way.
glad i just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy.
so what most schools are trying to do is teach all kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own. but this is debatable as far as effectiveness. do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with? will it work with less capable students? there isn't any conclusive answers yet. but it seems to not be any worse so why not try. that said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned.
with common core, i explain its useful application in life. it trips me up that people try to defend the position against any use of common core math. try this the traditional way using mental math: 6,666 - 777 = ? people get confused trying to borrow 10 three times from the next place over. common core logic lets you measure the distance between tge two numbers: it takes 223 to get from 777 to 1,000 6,666 minus 1,000 is 5,666 5,666 plus 223 is 5,889 in expanded form to check the addition part: we know that 5000 + 600 + 200 + 60 + 20 +6 +3 = 5,800 + 80 + 9 = 5,889 but people think that thisis longer somehow. maybe different, but try writing out the traditional method in words similar to what i did. im an accountant and use common core tactics on a regular basis because i dont always have my laptop or even a pen and paper handy when certain things come up on the fly in an important meeting. it's extremely effective when youre trying to listen and make sense of the numbers
the main reason i dislike the hash tag is that, intentional or not, it is very similar to "feel the bern" and because of that many audiences will associate your idea with bernie sanders. for some audiences this may be construed as a positive, but for those audiences who disagree with his ideas will not give your idea the light of day and shun it without any thought.
that's good, though. the same thing is happening, from what i've heard, here in ca with common core in high school. students are butthurt that they have to actually work for the answers, because they were trained to memorize for the test. they're adapting, but it's hard. meanwhile, my mother in law teaches 1st grade, and they are easily picking up math that used to be 2-3rd grade material, where they used to struggle with the basics that she used to be teaching in 1st grade.
so basically teach people to learn how to learn effectively?
same. my initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern then i realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar. it might as well be "#do a smart"
it depends a lot on the area you are living in. i live in a relatively liberal area and columbus was indeed not taught as good. my cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on columbus.
i don't think people should be allowed to vote without photo id.
i disagree. empathy can hamper critical thinking and result in poor decision making. the human empathy response is triggered disproportionately to individuals and can leave the big picture unattended to. it can lock people into empathizing with a particular group at the expense of another. critical & rational thinking can transcend these pitfalls.
and the bread and butter of a stem degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity. if you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. the whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. where as in any la degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation.
if you want more critical thinkers, we as a society need more focus on stem as a whole.
agree with you. feelings aren't arguments. feelings aren't facts. feelings aren't mutually constituted.
i think the tie in is the fact that religious belief is so much more widespread and dominant in american society than it is in other western democracies. more than fifty percent of americans believe in a literal flood, that the earth is 6000 years old and that jesus rode into town on a dinosaur (the last one was sarcasm).
this is the primary basis of common core math. people who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills. and tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems. 7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense.
by teaching. teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts. it's met with resistance, but it's the only way. otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards.
one reason we don't have enough critical thinking is because we allow our teachers to be far too emotional with our children. many students spend more time with their teachers than they do with their families. this should not be allowed but we do it because school is tuition free child care. parents feel better when their child's teacher behaves like a surrogate. this leaves the bulk of a child's education up to the school and many schools are very opinionated. i agree we need more critical thinkers, but that would mean we need children to spend more time at home in order to prevent too much similar thought. everyone's families is a bit different and that is what helps us to inject our society with varied thought.
but wait! we gotta know, are you... or are you not... a professional quote-maker?
the thing is as far as you say something controversal you get scrutinized and labeled by both sides. we need more open minds, but it's hard when everyone lives in his own bubble.
i dunno, i'm taking linear algebra this semester and if you had asked me what 7+8 was randomly on the street i would have had to think about it. the farther i get in math, the more it seems to me like the only time real math uses numbers is to put it in the calculator.
everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine".
ap history is often much better about that than normal history classes, unfortunately.
this is really interesting to me, i never received a formal public education growing up. what you described is how i do math in my head all the time. i've sometimes thought its a backwards way to reach an answer to a problem but i've always found it intuitive to solving thing i'm not familiar with.
i think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. the thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association.
i don't completely agree with this view. the bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers. you learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis. coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking.
i'm the same or so i thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated. when you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort. reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic. i can't say how many times i've done an hour of googling because i saw a til that had me going no way that's true. or women...
i was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions. i started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one i heard be ignored. may be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. ignoring your kids is not ok.
i used to teach math and currently work as and with statisticians. i have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong. **assumptions** the above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. this generalization is purely anecdotal as i have not conducted any formal research. i have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. for ex: people who have the same experiences.
who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? the most educated are not critical thinkers? what?
problem is, majority of the time, kids are more influenced by their parents than their teachers
have degree in maths. yes this is a pervasive issue. my best guess is that it is because they are trying to remember what 7+8 is rather than figure it out. when you can figure it out, you memorise it naturally over time.
what about those who don't think teaching empathy is a worthwhile effort? i think we can all agree that critical thinking is simply a universally valuable skill, but the importance of empathy is relative.
i see critical thinking as common sense. i don't understand how one can just believe something to be true without questioning it or looking into it in further detail.
if they empathize with one group at the expense of another, i don't believe that is having real empathy. if they had true empathy, they would be much more inclined to see things from all other points of view. not just their own, or whatever group they've chosen to use as a display of their good-nature. which, of course, is still for their own benefit.
you're doing well on the test of life, though. that investigation ability is what will let you succeed in the real world
i think you're assuming that there are fewer adults capable of critical thinking today than there have been previously in history, when there is no evidence, beyond the anecdotal, to support that.
i don't want to write anything scathing, so i'll just suggest you're biased because your entry point into the culture is via english, a language that taught entirely through rote memorization in their country. your understanding of the japanese people is extremely superficial if your conclusion is that "teenagers don't even have strong opinions." it's not that they don't have them; it's that they're not used to be asked about them in school. go visit a japanese home and see if the teenagers there are capable of arguing with their parents coherently.
a lot of people are addressing this only in terms of classrooms, but we only spend 1/3 of our time in the classroom during the school year. one of the things we're missing is television that teaches children to think critically. one of the things that sticks with me is the science channel motto "challenge everything." it is short, but it packs in so much because no matter what you hear or where you hear it from, before you pass it on, you should challenge it and decide if you believe/agree with it. blindly following messages and people, no matter what/who they are, is dangerous and leads to misinformation and ignorance.
critical thinking isn't the problem. people on both sides think critically. bias is the problem. at some point we allowed our biases to outweigh reaching a tenable conclusion. a lot of this has to do with the fact that so many people *are* thinking critically. for example: "a" realizes that "b's" argument is 90% sound, but the last 10% can't be proven/is arguable. so, "a" exploits the situation by arguing "a" is right while poking holes in "b's" 10% that cannot be proven. by doing this, both of them end up talking about two different things and both think they are "correct" since neither one of them concedes. i'm not sure we can fix this sort of behavior.
yeah, in america they teach that too. i don't what that dude it talking about with the whole columbus was good and the vietnam war. any class i ever took from middle school through college did not portray columbus in a positive way.
you'd be better if you could. don't buy into the circle jerk of arithmetic not being important
the problem with history as it is currently taught in the classroom is that the textbook publishers will only publish history that fits with the american worldview of "christopher columbus was good, we defeated all the nasty opponents, and we are currently the best society". if someone were to write an alternate view of the vietnam war saying maybe america didn't belong in it and maybe we did more bad than good, it would be immediately stricken out in editing and would never make the final cut. teachers are encouraged to teach from one source, the textbook, and other sources are only brought up by the 5% of teachers that want to give their students both sides of history. this is all a summary of a point from james loewen's "lies my teacher told me" if you are interested in more on the subject.
yeah. i've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. it is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything. this is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - it's sheepishly following instructions. i suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student.
have said this to almost every professor in college. no phones during a test because you need in the real world? i can find every formula in the history of man through this! point being, even they knew it was just memorize and regurgitate. that's our system folks.
the problem with schools is that it is treated very much like a business. the higher up business men don't want the younger generation to question them, only to blindly obey what they say for a paycheck and schools make sure children are shaped into that mold.
yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. the tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity.
(i'm a senior in highschool) there is no creativity involved in any core class. it's all memorization. some teachers are better than others but all i do is study info that i'll forget. every highschool student can memorize pointless knowledge now but if you asked them to come up with their own conclusion philosophically they probably wouldn't even have the ability to think deeply enough. the ability to think abstractly is decreasing.
it always sort of cracks me up a little when people start talking about teaching critical thinking. it's a paradox. if you're teaching them anything, they're not really thinking for themselves. the best you can do is leave people alone and hope people come to it on their own. schooling (which is usually where you hear people talking about "teaching critical thinking") usually actively discourages critical thinking by framing all the questions and leading people through a particular thought process.
hah, i got that response way too many times as a kid. got in trouble so many times because i refused to take that as an answer.
the most educated are the least likely to think critically. you can't *teach* critical thinking. education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink. their research even proves this, but they are unable to *realize* this. you want critical thinking? you want to be able to think for yourself? meditate. remove yourself from your phone, constant engagement of communication, and constant inundation information intake. become more self-aware, and see a *real* objective view of the world. ideally you do this when your brain is developing in childhood.
i would agree that this post-modern era and generation has moved beyond the bounds of reason in many ways and a good emphasis on the classic modernist philosophers could really help us use reason and logic to come to our conclusions and guide our beliefs instead of party platforms and whatever our social group says.
hold on... can you explain what is actually good about common core mathematics? i've tried to make heads or tails of it and it makes absolutely no sense.
i'm from the uk and they teach multiple points of view for history, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers.
it seems that proper skepticism and the ability to distinguish fake from real information is absolutely imperative to future generations' success. our world is saturated with all kinds of bullshit.
i'm a teacher. grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. that's why teachers make their tests like that. also, companies like pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school. state tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles. what we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). we need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day. we also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured.
until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence.
hashtags are meant to be memes. they are something short, rememberable, and easily digestible. the only purpose is to get people to tag their posts with them, so that those posts can be tracked, grouped together, quantified, and evaluated. they are also to make it easier for people to search for posts with the tag. #weneedmorecriticalthinkingandhigherstandardsineducation is a fucking terrible hashtag. it's long, cumbersome, and not exactly easy to remember. no one would use it. you want something short and catchy, which #feelthelearn is. also, hashtags came to popularity on twitter, which *does* have a very small character limit, so you don't want a hashtag taking up more than the absolute minimum number of characters.
i'm currently a student in the international baccalaureate diploma program. we have a class called theory of knowledge (tok). it teaches us to question how we know the things we know and in the process helps develop our critical thinking and investigative skills. i am of the opinion that if this class was taught to all juniors and seniors across the us, provided they had some desire to learn, it would greatly benefit us as a society.
yeah. good luck. everyone will agree with this sentiment, and then fling their feces at any critical thoughts that don't agree with their pre conceived notions.
i feel like great math teachers used to teach critical thinking in all aspects of class. but over the years, the focus became more about getting the problem solved by memorizing an gimmicky algorithm instead of learning why and how different methods work. current:teach distribution. then teach "foil" method. then teach reteach distribution again when dealing with trinomials. better idea: teach distribution. show what that really means. let students utilize their own critical thinking to realize they can do it for any system.
i don't have kids, and i'm not sure if you do. i'm not saying ignoring your kids is ok or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. just remember that they are still children. small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice. a parent has to hear this all day long every day. it is part of social development. as they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated.
also culture, comments seem to suggest the american pov (and considering the article is about educational reform since us education system is about to disemboweled). american culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. both have their pros and cons, but american culture really, really, really doesn't promote social welfare.
you can argue about anything without having a strong opinion. and japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think. and no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom. i've met tons of japanese people and have gotten to know them. they share many of the same qualities. ask a japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you. no matter what. i've had two girlfriends. dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class. it's the same. having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in japanese culture. following the norms is.
ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking. you must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is.
it's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). it will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. it's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting. examples: * in my head i did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one. * in my head i did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one.
on the other hand, i know college kids who can't do simple addition and subtraction, like 7+8=15, reliably. memorization of simple math is a sound basis for learning other math.
21 years old here, did the school thing a bit more recently. i wouldn't disagree that there are teachers that want their students to develop critical thinking. you're right, it's not a new concept. it's just not taught effectively at the moment. students resist the extra effort required to think critically and teachers resist the extra effort required to enforce it on them. i would say we absolutely need to revolutionize our education system if it focuses on critical thinking, yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking. how can you be okay with the current state of our education system given the adult population it's produced?
it's not parents, so to speak, but rather our american culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn. there's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture.
something worth saying is worth saying simply. the middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia.
doing simple math is more than memorization. it's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. so you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. you just need to understand the core concept that drives addition. granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. this works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but i think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster.
personally i've found empathy comes as a biproduct of greater education as a whole. the more one knows his history, philosophy, and law the greater one understands the consequences certain actions, legislation, or ideologies can have. i personally agree though with a focus within education that incorporates more of the traditional goals of liberal arts based education, which is the production of well rounded critical thinking citizens. surely there is a balance between the equally as valuable skills of the stem fields, and that of the liberal arts such as philosophy or criminology for example.
most parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically. "why is the sky blue?" "who cares". why does the sun change colors at sunset "i dont know its not important"
but that's stupid. it's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the english language. (if y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) people are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" english as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags. hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. what's important is the message. do you know what the language in question is trying to say? has it communicated this clearly? cool. now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. sheesh.
one of the problems is that i'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests i'm given are all data points, so i'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests.
nah. critical thinking refers to logical analysis of arguments and other presented information. investigation is more than that, and includes things like reaching beyond the logical breakdown of information/arguments, to research root causes, context, related information, examination of sources, etc. someone else called it journalism, and that is sort of true, in that ideally journalism is a form of investigation. a big part of it, though, is learning to come to understand a system, how the system interacts with other systems, and how parts of the system interact with the whole.
i think it is due to the massive (and still growing) wealth inequality. if i can hardly pay the mortgage, and have to struggle every week to feed the family, i promise you i am not going to be concerned with anyone else.
i worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo. i was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. i think that's what got in my craw so i answered the kids questions. it's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions. how's that for compromise?
"yeah, but teaching ethics, metaphysics, epistemology, and so on doesn't produce profit for overpaid ceo's or cheap commodities for us all to consume, so therefore it's worthless to pursue education in. philosophy is interesting, but it just doesn't '''''produce''''' anything, therefore it's not valuable"
that's one huge problem i see: you shouldn't perform simple math like that through memorization. then you won't grasp truly how it works, and your ability to do it will fade with memory. rather you shorten the problem and memorize easier routes to get to it, such as by building tens. you see 7 and know that the sortof opposite of it in base ten (what you'd need to add to it to get ten) is 3. you pop 3 out of 8 and get 5. so you built a 10 and had 5 left over? 15. the way i was taught in school is such that i do this every single time someone asks me to add the numbers, it's a lot faster than my memory would be in most cases.
you're fighting directly against modern culture. "conspiracy theories" and that whole side of investigating things has become uncool and out-group behavior. people unironically use the "tinfoil hat" meme to scare off those who are saying things that make them uncomfortable. how do you even begin fighting back against that? whole generations have been ruined by these attitudes that are only getting worse. people want their safe spaces in this increasingly chaotic world to make sense of things. critical thinking is terrifying to people now because it means they have to face reality. really, how do you fix that?
wi-phi? i thought you guys where dead. i use your vids to help me teach my friends and family about philosophy, i love your stuff. thanks for this!
personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. i mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago i'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction.
wait a minute, "feel the learn"? really? while i'll agree wholeheartedly that the us education system (and likely education systems in basically every other country) need drastic overhauls, i find myself not wanting to side with someone who thinks "#feelthelearn" was a good idea.
i am actually jealous of how kids of the future will learn and understand the world, compared to my no child left behind school experience.
educating oneself it's difficult. being spoon fed is easy. most people don't know that they're being spoon fed. i'm cursed with the knowledge that i can tell the difference, but still too lazy to make an effort.
i agree with the idea of teaching and encouraging people to develop critical thinking skills. however, i think it won't be enough and i get your point and agree especially on the role of emotions part. i think that more than emotions alone, it is related to *cognitive biases* and how we, as humans are prone to making certain mistakes, even if we know the facts about a topic and have the information and can recognize some decisions as irrational, we might still make them, inadvertently. it happens even with scientists and knowledgeable and experienced people, sometimes; that's why there's the saying that "science advances one coffin at a time", which unfortunately has some truth to it (sometimes).
all the more reason to try to teach them actual critical thought. reddit is full of pseudo-critical thought. i go around challenging it, getting downvoted, then occasionally something breaks through. it's been that way for 8 years now and the truth is you just have to keep plugging away. that's how things get done.
the idea of common sense is mostly nonsense. the closest it comes to a consistent definition is a sort of intuitive sense of what is right, and what "makes sense". ur usually the "common sense" answer is also the simplest answer, which means it's wrong more often than right, because literally everything is complex.
funny you should mention that... i was actually put on a team to write new common assessment questions that better align with the new standards. they will not always be simple restating of facts (depth of knowledge level 1) but rather involve more critical thinking and reasoning (depth of knowledge levels 2-4).
i agree, this is how i've always done math in my head. i just think the problem isn't with the teaching standards - common core sounds like it has it's heart in the right place (with math at least - i've seen examples of literature being used to push political agendas). the problem, as usual, is with the teachers. the "teaching revolution" doesn't come from improving methodology for current classrooms, it comes from replacing classrooms entirely. our teachers suck - we are in an era where through internet learning, everyone in the country can be taught by *the best* math teacher, or possibly the 10 best for varying learning styles. until we give up on the current in-person classroom models, we won't see the benefit that modern technology promises for learning.
i am trying to get a job in a city and a country 3000 miles away(where i am originally from). at this point i am pretty sure my resume gets trash binned as soon as my address is seen. one imagines your clients encounter this and other similar problems as well, advice?
his answer from above essentially said to be very open about why you took the break. put it on your resume and and mention it in your cover email.
my last job search i exclusively used the linkedin jobs app. it's separate and standalone from the linkedin app, and it was phenomenal. i just saved two custom searches, sorted by new every morning, and would click my way down the list (so many one-click applications too where you essentially just send the recruiter your linkedin profile and maybe attach a formal resume). found a new job in a matter of weeks. would definitely recommend!
hey, good to know that other people are me too! are you a (ex)teacher too? what's your plan?
cover letters -- how important or not important are these actually? i'm sure it varies greatly by industry and maybe even by geographical location, but in general what are your thoughts on writing them, and ideal length?
so do company's actually use that linkedin site to find employees??
 lie. or do what i do. i'm bad at lying so i tell the truth, i just change it from me to a family member. then i justify that by telling myself that i belong to a family and i have to be a member to belong so i am in fact a family member. not a lie. not the whole truth but not a lie.
i would be very careful with this. our hr department came across several of our own employees who had that setting active and i was told this by my boss so the message was certainly passed on from hr to management.
so how do you get in front of the hiring managers in the software world starting out? i've applied to hundreds of jobs, talked with dozens of hr people and recruiters, done a handful of code challenges, but not a single in person interview. i don't mind getting passed up after being interviewed as long as i can come away with something to improved upon, but i can't even talk with the hiring managers to get an inteview.
hey, thanks for doing this ama! i am curious, i am a former call centre worker who was unfortunately affected by redundancy. i am using this to move to another state closer to family before deciding where i want to go into again. while i do have good references, i feel like with no higher education i will be stuck in the same field and i do not really want to study now as i am in my late 20s. is there choices for branching out to othet fields for someone that's only done the one job for most of their employment history such as call centre work? and what are the best options or advice for pursuing a new career choice when you come from a different industry?
hello my name is jose palacios i am a labor consultant based out los angeles, ca. i been self employed for over two years now. i notice that i am able to receive more phone calls from cold calling whenever i use the name joe palace. what would suggest for brownies like my self in order to stand out and not be stereotyped?
is there a common mistake that a lot of people make when looking for a new job?
software engineer here. it's hard to break into the software industry without a degree. your friend either needs to either get a computer science degree or keep on taking the courses until they are competent enough to create a few projects. if you can link a public github repo, or a website you made, an app, etc, you just don't have much credibility and most likely will get ignored when you apply. i've interviewed a lot of folks who tought themselves how to code, but the fact is that if you don't have any project work to talk about in an interview it's just not gonna happen. tldr: work on personal projects and make them public and attach them to your resume or get a degree.
in places like tech startups, would you consider directly emailing the ceo with your resume as a smart move or not?
i'm just a linkedin user, but i can say my feed and experience there have been nothing llike this. in fact the recruiters adding me has become quite a nuisance in the last year! i think it depends entirely on your connections - like any other social network, if your connections post crap you see crap, and the larger the network the more stuff you see. i do share your complaint about group activity on the feed though.
i have huge gaps in my education and employment history due to illness. do i need to describe my health problems or will employers just accept a blanket "i was sick and couldn't work" without needing medical details or documentation?
well i would think you would definitely get passed over in favor of someone else for a promotion.
how do i explain that i lost my job because of cancer treatment, but have since completed a ba and my husband works away, so i haven't been in work for 9 years? i just don't seem to be able to get an interview, i graduated with a distinction average (79%) in children's literature and minor in history and am completing honours in film, writing a web series.
as someone who manages national recruiting for a fortune 50, at least at a big company and probably in general, no one reads your cover letter and the average time a recruiter looks at a resume as they scan through them is 6 seconds.
take a career aptitude test to give you some ideas?
how important are photos on your linkedin profile? i don't have one. a few folks i know tell me how important they actually are to have. and if they are important, does it need to be suit and tie? casual (but work appropriate)? anything showing personality? i'm not actively looking for a new job, but i enjoy keeping my profile up to date in case any opportunities present themselves.
my mom has been unemployed for more than a year, and simply can't seem to find a job. she sends out applications all day, gets interviews, and has been a final candidate on several occasions, but she still hasn't landed a job. she's 58 years old with many years of journalism/communication experience, and has won multiple awards for her writing, so her resume is quite impressive. she and i both believe that there may be some ageism at hand, though of course we can't be sure. what are some things she may be able to do when applying and interviewing for jobs that could help her stand out amongst younger candidates with similar resumes?
how difficult is it for someone to get hired in their field again if they're coming off of a year "sabbatical" or similar? does it change by experience level? i have 3 years of experience in my field, and would really like to do some traveling...
yeah i'd love to get and answer to this. i get calls from recruiters all the time. i have the issues of the step where they say "i'll submit your info to the hiring manager" and it ends up dying there. not sure where that disconnect is
what resume advice can you give someone who has little to no work experience trying to find a job in a field where job experience is highly sought after? in my case, i've only worked a basic retail job and am looking to move into accounting (specifically audit). i have all the education requirements, degrees, etc but my resume could basically fit on a post-it note without trying to stretch it out with extraneous information.
what if you know you don't want any of the jobs your family/friends have? what if you come from a background where everyone you know has minimum wage jobs?
that sounds like the cover letter just moved to the body of the email instead of being an attachment.
a big mistake is not doing sufficient research on the new company/position that they are looking to fill. this can cause blunders during the interview if you're asked specific questions about the position and the mission of the company, i.e. "why do you want to work here?" and it could also lead to regret if you aren't really sure what you are getting yourself into when making a transition into a new job.
this is an excellent question and response that i plan to use for my next interview.
data analytics is a pretty broad term, and one reason why its hiring is because technology now knows how to save and use data for various reasons so data analyst come in and help manage the data for large companies. its not as hot as people assume, but its definitely a new and growing field. the average salary is $60,000 to $70,000. if you have any questions let me know.
i wouldn't say "was able to land a position". sounds like one was actively job hunting. "was offered a position..." is more ambiguous.
what the heck is a cover email and how do i write a good one?
recruiters can't see it when they work at the same company as the employee. however, they could see it if they worked for a subsidiary that had a different name on linkedin. i only saw a couple profiles of our employees that had the feature enabled. they worked for one of our smaller companies and i didn't flag it to hr. the group was going through a rough patch, there was a massive change in senior leadership and people were bailing. if i ever were to tell hr i suspected someone might be looking, it wouldn't be punitive. it would be more of a "this person is great and i'm surprised they're looking. what's going on that is making them want to leave, is there something we should know or be doing differently" kind of conversation.
i'm an older worker (60) who has spent most of his life as a janitor or janitor supervisor. i have other skills, but i feel most jobs won't even consider me due to my age or because i'm a janitor. is there something i could put on my resume so a company would at least give me an interview?
i save that question as one of the final ones before you leave the interview, and i couch it like this: is there anything i've said that makes you question my ability to do this job? if so, i'd like to address that before i leave.
as someone with a background in customer service and no college education, i've found it all but impossible to make it out of the entry-level cycle and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to get by on what someone like me makes. is there an option to break out of this without having to set aside two-plus years to go to school in the middle of my thirties?
it's definitely not impossible for older job seekers to make career changes and find something new with their experience. make sure you are current - create a linkedin profile if you don't already have one and take the time to fill it out and put in a nice, professional headshot. you have a lot of work experience that can be relevant to other fields, so research the positions that you'd like to work in and emphasize how your background will help you to fulfill the requirements of the position. be prepared to be flexible in terms of payment, don't undersell yourself but realize that if you come off as an expensive hire, you may be passed over for a younger worker willing to settle for less money. finally, tap into your network, talk to friends/past colleagues or anyone you know working in the industry you're looking to change into. this can be a great help in landing a new position.
i usually just put my cover letter in the body of the email and attach my resume/other materials. is that acceptable?
hello, i'm a public health professional that just started a b school mba program. i was tired of working 60 hours a week and getting poorly paid for 40. do you have advice as two when i could/should start marketing myself to other fields? i am surrounded by pharma companies so those are the low hanging fruit. are they other avenues i should also be looking at?
i'm also 27 and in a similar situation. i don't dislike my field, but i don't want to feel limited to it. i have about 5 years experience in finance which includes both retail banking and backshop operations. i often fantasize about working for new, modern businesses or companies that i love. the problem is that i feel my resume will be tossed in the trash when they see my experience is primarily in finance. how do i get noticed when i don't have a degree and the company isn't looking for a financial background?
i don't think i am too old. its more a position i cannot afford to dedicate myself to study for a long period of time. i'll lose income plus the costs as well and i am just not at a point where i can do that freely.
how do you reach out into a network you don't have because no one anywhere close to you does what you do? i do programming in the midwest, and not the easy webdev kind either... oh, and i'm self taught... yeah, basically the trifecta for having a hell of a time getting a job.
reaching out to your network can be a great way to break into your industry, and it can be useful when trying to overcome the hurdle of a lack of experience from not being able to find a relevant job. if you are still acquiring skills in your unrelated job that could be relevant to a position in a different industry, talk about that. reach out to people on linkedin. talk about your career goals in your summary. a lack of work experience is definitely a big obstacle but it isn't the nail in the coffin of your job search - you'll just have to find creative and more direct ways around it, like direct outreach.
i am not a hiring manager or interviewer, so take the following with a grain of salt: a recruiter for a large tech company once told me to leave me address off of my resume for this exact reason. you may want to try it for yourself.
i am a recent graduate too. i have a b.s. in neurobiology and several minors in chemistry, and microbiology with 3 years of campus research experience. i have been turned down for 40+ jobs. you are not alone, i feel your pain.
if you ever decide to pursue a job in the field, i suggest looking in the academic it world. that shit does not fly at most universities. half of my co-workers, including my vp, are women.
wow, this makes me so sad. no one should have to wallpaper over their heritage to find honest work. this country, ugh
software engineer (ie code monkey) here. very happy to ride your coattails ;)
fyi: i'm a hiring manager (not recruiter) at a fortune 500. recruiters are just scanning quickly and sending me whoever looks halfway decent and gets past the filters like years of experience or salary expectation. once i get the candidate, i do look at any cover letters attached to the online app. a well written cover letter makes some difference to me. (i'm in marketing.) it can make someone stand out over other candidates who are essentially equal.
what if the gap is because i couldn't find anyone to even give me an interview for 5 years? i have ~7 year gap because i couldn't find work after i finished graduate school.
that's really good to know. it's so nice that someone is reading the things we spend hours writing, instead of just throwing them out.
i work at a 2-yr old internet business and i'm employee number 1. there's no guarantee of any equity but the job is satisfactory for now. my goal in the next 2-3 years is to get our own house. i need advice on whether i should stay (and hope for that equity windfall?) or find another work that lets me earn enough to pay off a home loan. thanks!
so what would hr do under this situation? fire you instead of letting you quit and then have to look for a replacement, and train a new person?
im 28 years old and still dont know what to do for a career. ive never been to college and started working full time out of high school. ive done alright for myself but feel i lack a specific skill/trade. are there any tools or tests out there to help me find a career i'd be good at?
i actually know about this! volunteering. say you want to work in the film industry, the best way to start is by working on student films. they most likely won't be the best jobs you take, but they're for experience and networking. working for charities is seen highly to some employers, not all though. but it does show that you're genuinely passionate about something, if you're willing to work without pay.
this is a tricky question to tackle broadly since every industry has different norms and perspectives on tenure. for example, a 12-24 month tenure in some industries (consulting, early-level investment banking & private equity, large tech) is perceived as normal, while it would be shockingly short in pharmaceuticals. our advice is generally you want to be testing your market value and opportunities for promotion constantly, but be sensitive to your industry's norms. the standard answer that does not raise eyebrows during an interview is along the lines of "i was able to land a position that offered more responsibility, opportunity and career development."
how important would you say things like the kerning and typeface are to a cv? are there letter forms (aside from obvious ones like comic sans) which you would say are a no go, compared to definite 'winners'?
any tips for a 30 something currently finishing an undergraduate in engineering to land internships?
any advice on doing a skype interview from across the world?
linkedin now has a "career interests" section that you can turn on to let recruiters know that you're not happy with your current company and are looking elsewhere. supposedly this is only available for recruiters on linkedin. in that area there is a 300 character limit to what you want recruiters to know about you... as a recruiter, what would you want to know about someone in 300 characters or less?
what career opportunities are there for a doctor (adult internal medicine) that has decided that they are fed up with the whole screwed up healthcare system?
what industry are you in? i'm in finance, and have an advanced designation, and only ever hear from recruiters looking for retail sales people. that said, my geographic region is still recovering from the oil crash. but that's not my point. lnkd isn't good for anything i used to use it for - sharing knowledge, networking. everyone on my feed seems to agree, yet it gets worse and worse.
one exercise we go through with candidates is identifying different family friends within your network. what professions do the people around you have? aunts, uncles, friends of your parents, older alumni from your high school or college, etc. grab a coffee or a beer with them and really pick their brain. you'd be surprised by how much people love to give advice and guidance for someone interested in their field. don't be too shy to reach out!
that's quite unfortunate, some of the best developers i've worked with have been women. at the end of the day i don't give a flying !#@!$@ if you identify as an apache helicopter. if the code compiles & passes the unit tests and you're not an asshole - i want you on my team
as a hiring manager, i look for a quality and personalized cover letter, resume and references. nothing too long or too short. many applicants just use the same cl over and over and don't customize it at all for a particular position or a particular company. many of those get round filed. people who take the time to mention the company and what they do, and how they can solve some common problems for the company, go to the top of the pile.
"i was dealing with a health issue, but i've consulted my doctor, and he/she agrees that i'm ready to get back to work."
this question itself is complex enough it could become it's own reddit thread =) i'll offer another perspective: with the average job posting receiving over 300 applications, companies have convoluted requirements on purpose -- to filter candidates. yes, it's frustrating -- but unfortunately, companies are incentivized to make it difficult to apply to a position.
linkedin employee here. photos are **very** important. recruiters and hiring mangers are 7x more likely to look at profiles with photos than those without.
i use it also, and it's not a paid service. it works swell.
bingo. almost every serious newspaper journalist i know past 55 got offered a buyout (in lieu of a layoff) years ago when the papers could no longer afford the salaries commensurate to their experience.
what are your thoughts on staffing firms? as the director of sales for a small staffing firm, i find that the majority of candidates are oblivious to the disconnect between the recruiter they are speaking to and the actual job they are being submitted to. i believe that the traditional staffing company model is dying. there will always be a niche for executive search and specialized hire firms, but the robert half and k-force types are far less useful. why would a hiring manager pay a 20% fee to k-force when their internal recruiting team has the same toolkit as the amateurs at k-force? what is your veiw on big-box staffing firms and how relevant do you think they will be over the next few years?
joining a shrinking industry is definitely a challenge. media & journalism has been disrupted heavily, and since we're in an age where no one is accustomed to paying for writing, i completely sympathize. if she's been a career journalist, then she'll have to rely on recommendations rather than cold applications to get through the final round. we've seen folks pivot their media backgrounds into successful careers as marketing directors, b2b communications & strategy roles, and (more sales-y) account manager roles. pr is tricky since it involves maintaining your network, which at 58 may be too late to try. i would recommend she start branching out to companies that have a core enterprise business model (ie sells things to large companies) where they value a more experienced voice in the conference room. best of luck!
decide what it is that you want to accomplish in order to reach this feeling of fulfillment. once you have a clear understanding of what it is you need to work for, you can start to figure out which positions and companies could help you fulfill this. some people are born to be entrepreneurs and the only way to fulfill their career goals is to break out on their own and start a business. other people get a great sense of achievement from working on a team and accomplishing a lot for a greater cause like a big company. it all depends on the individual. once you have a clear idea of specifically what you need to accomplish in order to get this boost of confidence, happiness, and sense of internal growth, you can start to find positions that will help you get there. make a list of your career goals. research different companies and their missions and see which ones have values that align with your own. this is a great way to start and hopefully, you'll figure it all out a lot faster.
i did it and got nothing but enthusiasm and questions when i interviewed coming back. it was a good ice breaker. i had more experience and was well networked though ... my resume wasn't going to hr people to filter.
having worked in this field: start with a corporate retail company on a buying/merchandising desk. work your way up through merchandising and planing/supply chain into product development. some places will start you in assistant product development, but usually only for those with a fashion/merchandising degree. nobody wants to hire the typical rachel green type who knows nothing other than that she likes pretty clothes.
i thought this was a joke back in college, but it's completely real in the midwest. i have many friends that were programming novices that get their start at midwestern banks.
yes but those "easy one click" applications typically fill up with dozens of applications. kind of a "spray and pray" technique.
obviously not op here but i manage recruitment for a relatively large organization. having the same text in the email and cover letter is honestly fine and it's preferred to have a "transportable" copy (e.g. pdf, word, whatever) in addition to the email cover, as opposed to assuming the email language will suffice, as the recruiter will often need to share the cover letter with the hiring manager, and only having the "email version" is a pain.
why is it that the united states marines can take a high school educated 19-year-old son of a farmer and train him to drive an $8 million tank in combat, but the average middle management corporate douchebag claims someone with a four-year degree and six years of professional experience isn't quite what they are looking for? while we're at it, why is it the college graduate is immediately eligible to be an **officer in the united states marine corps** while if they choose the cubicle job they will never be promoted or earn a raise? what do the armed forces know that the douchebags don't?
are there any online resources that can help people get experience for data analyst jobs? online courses for sql or any other things like that.
ironically, having a hispanic name in the la area for government jobs would actually help you
i went to school and got my sociology: youth studies bachelor of science degree. ideally i'd want to work with kids (maybe a counselor) but no one wants to give me experience. i did work with youth for about 6 months but employers seem to want at least 1+ year of youth experience. thank you for respond!! i've decided that i will start by redoing my resume from scratch and try to sound less desperate!!
brownie here, and i had the same problem. but instead of putting a different name on my resume, i received some great advice from a couple career service people. they said to put "u.s. citizen" in quotes under my name. after i did that, i noticed a significant increase in callbacks for jobs i applied to afterwards. of course that only works if you're a us citizen.
how does one tailor their resume to get past hr and in front of a hiring manager?
any suggestions for linked in profiles? i am trying to find a new job that is more than a lateral move. i get a few inquiries through it every month but want to make it more effective
how have you helped fresh grads overcome the barrier of entering the job market which demand xx number years of experience in the field when they have little to none?
i'm a hiring manager and i look at everything in the resumes, including the cover letter, job gaps, length of employment. cover letters are great, but if your cover letter is just about: "i'm a quick learner, work well with the team..." you've just written the most inane letter ever that says nothing about you to me except that you can write adjectives. everyone can be a random list of adjectives. tell me why you want to work for me, why you would be a good hire for the position, give me examples of what you've done to bring value.
cover email is the mail you send with your resume. i'm guessing the point is selling yourself in the email copy is more important nowadays than writing a separate letter.
white here, as well. i wanted to give my first daughter a family name (polish) but changed it to an americanized version at the last minute, specifically so her future resume wouldn't be passed over. my second daughter was to be named a "responsible" sounding name but i lost that battle, so it's her middle name. i've told her she will likely have better luck if she uses it as her first name on resumes.
should you do that even if the numbers aren't super impressive? for example, in one of my roles i trained about seven or eight employees. i currently have written 'trained several staff and interns in x y z' because seven doesn't seem to make the point any more noteworthy. what would you recommend?
a little bit of insight on how recruiters at companies think: typically jobs available for will be broken into a variation on three categories: entry (students), experienced hires, and executives. if you're a fresh grad, you are looking for entry-level positions where ideally the work experience range is 0-3 years. there is some leeway around applying to roles that are 3-5 years of experience required if you have reputable internship experience, and the years of experience are typically not a hard-and-fast rule for human reviewers, but we encourage you not to waste your time applying to the wrong job. talent acquisition staff will look for a few core things in a recent graduate's resume: skillset (education or self-learned), leadership experience, and related industry experience (extracurriculars or interests). best of luck!
why quotes if you don't mind me asking? i've been doing it for a few years now and i still get asked if i need a visa. first line is my name, second line is contact info and the words us citizen.
extracurriculars are a little 'childish' according to my dad who has been hiring people in the medical field for over 25 years. unless it directly relates to your job in tech or whatever.
may not be the most appropriate forum for this question but, let me posit this: you are otherwise happy with your job, enjoy your coworkers, etc. but you are having difficulty seeing the long-term viability of the company -- when should you start working on an exit strategy should things go pear-shaped?
good heavens, you're only in your late 20's and you already think you're too old for education? given the current state of medicine, if you take care of yourself you probably have 70-80 more years of life left.
when someone is trying to convey that they have managed high dollar budgets, is it appropriate to say a dollar amount, or is it better to just describe the resources you were responsible for? i.e. 10 fleet vehicles, or 30 employees payroll, 900 computers, etc.
how should i respond if they ask me about job jumping (i.e. switching jobs every few years)? companies aren't loyal to you anymore but expect you to be, and the only way to move up is by leveraging your current position to land a better one elsewhere. is it appropriate to ask an interviewer for feedback to improve myself for the future?
i'm probably the biggest failure i know. i wish i could do personal development because despite personal failure i've probably helped every person i've had as a friend go on to succeed. a buddy does rafting and hiking and climbing while working a very physical job, another is a psychiatrist that in his residency has been chosen to represent his region in washington and la twice a year. at a retail job i got a coworker to apply to the private college i dropped out of, berea, to get himself out of that situation and do what he loves. i wrestle with depression, genuinely enjoying it when i help these folks succeed, but have huge gaps in employment, an unfinished computer science degree, and a wife whose supported me but i feel so awful about not being able to help her. talk about lost.
to echo what bravo said: the downside of the fashion industry is that it is a serious grind. we started our company in nyc and have colleagues in the industry go through fashion week 2x a year. the norm is for interns and entry-level positions to be unpaid, and if you're aiming to break in to the design side, the best thing to do is to go through the fit/parsons (school) pipeline. and as bravo mentioned, you could start as a buyer at a company like abercrombie, j crew, etc. just know that you will be valued for the business acumen, not the design skills.
i feel trapped in a career i don't like, at 27 i want to find something i can enjoy more and feel confident and happy growing within. how do i start and what steps do i need to take to get there?
go to your local temp agency. they'll gladly help you find something to keep busy and employed. it'll also get to some experience in something
can't tell if viral linkedin marketing...was this a paid service?
this can be a problem due to applicant tracking systems (ats) but there are ways around it. in your summary, you should make it clear that you are looking to relocate. also make a point of mentioning your desire to relocate in any cover letters.
we work with many clients who are returning to the workforce or have gaps in their work experience. it is important to mention the reasoning for any of these in both the cover letter and any warm introductory emails you send during your job search. if the gap is less than 6 months, it is fairly normal and most hiring managers will not mention it in an interview. given there are non-competes, garden leaves, and other common reasons for a gap, you'll only really need to go in depth if you are not working for over a year.
unrelated: * is lnkd going to do anything about the absolute drivel that fills my news feed? copy pasta, selfies of made-up women being liked by creepy old dudes, dumb math puzzles. * why doesn't the latest activity from my groups show in the news feed? * why do i see an article that says it's "trending in my industry," but it's totally unrelated to my industry (more likely it's about some hollywood jackass), and all the comments are from people from other industries saying it's inexplicably "trending in *their* industry." * finally, even though my profile is up to date and i've been adding new credentials, classes, etc. over time, why are my profile views down from 5+ per day two years ago to 1-2 per week now? is lnkd secretly losing page views?
the more simple, the better. using standard fonts and formats is really important, especially nowadays with picky ats (applicant tracking systems) that throw out resumes with strange fonts or weird formatting. unless you are a graphic designer and your resume is a way to showcase your artistic talents, keep it boring. a typeface like times new roman or arial are the best options and don't use special characters or strange bullet formats.
not a recruiter but i was off work for 18 months and on disability for some mental illness related issues. i was asked about the gap and replied with a vague: "on disability during that time, worked on my health and have been cleared by my doctor(s) to return to work with no limitations"
thanks for doing this again! i'm in the process of reworking my resume and it's a struggle. how do i illustrate that i want a company that's willing to teach and train me in my industry, without sounding like i'm incompetent?
great question! we've worked with over a dozen career counselors here in the bay area and maintain a large network of recruiters -- the direction the hiring industry is moving towards is placing more emphasis on customizing covering emails -- cover letters are seen as a prerequisite and are often unread. nevertheless, it's good to include one as it passes a minimum bar -- we recommend 2-3 paragraphs and a density of roughly 75% of one full page. mirror the header that you use in your resume.
a friend of mine is trying to get out of retail and into software (maybe web design, maybe data analysis, and i know she's thought about project management in the past). the problem is, a full blown boot camp or degree program is more expensive than a retail paycheck can handle. she's been doing free and cheap online courses, but is there anything else she can do to get out of the job that's actively sucking her soul? additional detail: she does have a bachelor's degree, it's just in a field that needs a master's before jobs open up.
just breaking into animation industry has proved daunting. how to get that second interview?
got two interviews this week. practicing this question right now. thanks!
how do i tell them that when i say self taught, i mean i've written multiple (c, not javascript) libraries, and not "i can html a bit"?
it's expensive to do. your internal hr team might have access to seeing it, but unless you're applying for internal positions they probably have no reason to come across your profile.
how long should i keep putting eagle scout on my resume before it begins to seem old/childish?
how does one get around a college degree requirement? my friend has almost 20 years experience in his field and in management but has trouble being considered for positions outside his current company because he doesn't have a degree.
i went for a job where i did that but was told that it was 'impersonal' and didn't seem like i put any effort into writing on to show specifically why i wanted to work for that business and what i thought i would specifically be able to bring.
hi sgtkiwii, don't give up! companies like ours were started to help jobseekers because the system is. just. so. broken. what degree did you study, and more importantly, what are your strengths and interests (which can become skills down the line)? hopefully you aren't advertising yourself as willing to do anything -- remember that this process is more similar to dating than college applications. don't forget *you're* also interviewing the company and coworkers.
holy shit. as a 31 year old with the same problem, i hope this gets answered!
i really dislike most social media and never made a linkedin/haven't used facebook in years. am i hurting my job prospects by not submitting a linkedin profile to employers that ask for a link?
i've heard that asking questions like "do you have any concerns about anything on my cv" are good, opens up you to explain it and then you know what you might want to edit for later. plus it's something they don't hear very often and you're genuinely interested in their reply so you're more memorable.
yeah, there's a reason i have a cs degree and don't work in the field. i think my final straw was sitting in an interview and being asked, "how easily offended are you? we've never had a woman in this department. sometimes the guys say some off-color things and we don't want any hr problems." i'm actually not really easily offended (i have 5 brothers), but are you kidding? saying that in an interview is an hr problem in and of itself, and further, the person being hired is not the hr problem. the employees who refuse to conduct themselves even remotely professionally are the problem. the it field can be tough for women. i felt like i was constantly having to prove myself in ways my male coworkers never had to; no one ever assumed they didn't have the knowledge or skills.
are you looking for something you just think you'd be good at, or something you can feel passionate about? i'm 30 and just started getting into personal development. i'm invested in the life purpose course from actualized.org but the creator of that site has thousands of free videos and there's tons of free content out there from other life coach type people. i know some people have a mental block about the whole "self-help" thing, but i'm feeling more inspired and hopeful about my life than i have since i was a kid. good luck!
my friend tried to tell me he was a "field engineer". he goes out to client sites and maintains/fixes a specific piece of equipment. i had to explain to him that he is a technician, not an engineer.
is data analysis really the hottest job of 21st century?
i'm 99% sure my decision to ask this question, and my response to their concerns, landed me my dream job. i can't endorse this enough.
more likely a mark goes on your employee file that disqualifies you from getting promotions or raises, and when layoffs come you're at the top of the list.
stay open minded, there are many opportunities out there that could seem like they are unrelated to what you want in a career, but could lead to incredible options later down the road. be prepared to work hard and show that you are interested in staying in the position for awhile - because, with the current job-hopping trend, many employers are hesitant to hire millennials if they are suspicious that they will leave within a year or two of employment. reach out to your network, this is one of the most valuable tools you have as a young job-seeker looking to break into an industry. focus on how you can make a big impact at your first employer right away - the more you can achieve in a short time, the better for making moves either up the ladder or into different, better positions.
i'm in seattle, and there is a lot of work available and there are a number of staffing companies, especially in it. however, there seems to be a real disconnect between what recruiters think a job entails, and what the hiring manager is looking for. here are some questions related to that issue: * why do businesses generate such long and convoluted requirements for their positions, when they are really just looking for someone who can quickly adapt, onboard in a convenient timeframe and operate semi-autonomously? * what is the most common x-factor omitted by managers and applicants? * are jobs morphing to match human requirements, or are humans compensating to meet job requirements? can big-data assist in niche-matching position requirements with not only profiles, but personalities?
if the gap is a yr plus due to depression then obviously one shouldn't reveal that i imagine.. what is a believable cover story that won't enable prejudice?
wouldn't it essentially be the same text in the cover letter and emails?
manager here, i'll always assume that "few" and "several" mean 3-4 at most, otherwise you'd have used a number or stronger language. so yes, use the actual numbers.
don't give up! i'm a (fairly) recent college grad and it took me 9 months to find a job in my field. sent out god knows how many applications, had 9 interviews (three with my current employer), and it was demoralizing as hell. making it to the final cut and getting passed over several times was a huge hit to my ego. several times i wondered why i even bothered to go to college. i worked (sometimes two jobs) all through college, did research, made okay grades, did activities and volunteered some. but i felt like it wasn't good enough. i had been a cashier, hostess, and server just trying to make it until i landed a job in my field. please don't give up. it's exhausting, but don't give up.
what is the best tip you can give me for writing a resume?
i'm turning 30 soon and despite having a degreee in hospitality management i've never been above minimum wage. am i already doomed to fail?
what kind of advice can you offer this up and coming generation (millennials) that are trying to break into this job market for the first time?
"i took some time off to look after someone in my family with a medical issue, which thankfully has resolved."
you joke, but as a professional engineer i really wish the word "engineer" was regulated in the same way "doctor" or "lawyer" is.
ugh, that's depressing, i spend hours writing a good cover letter and adapting it to each potential job. i have a really non-linear background, so my cover letter is generally my selling point... what would you say is the best thing one can do to grab your attention during those 6 seconds?
this is risky, isnt it? everyone can create a profile as recruiter i guess. so any boss can search for his own employees regularly
i'm a 3d artist looking for my first professional studio job, there are no jobs in my state, as the industry is very state oriented (california). i want to secure a job, and am willing to move, but i think not being in the same location will hold be back. how can i overcome this?
hello, what is the best tips for letter writing to get a job? i usually don't bother, but some insist
are eastern european names really that much of a handicap? it seems that every other dentist/ police officer/ fdny in new york has a polish sounding surname with a -inski.
i was in a similar position a few years ago--ended up getting a leadership volunteer gig in my field with a nonprofit and worked mornings and evenings/weekends in food service. sucked awful, and tbh i was completely exhausted for the 11 months i was there, but i was able to get a huge amount of experience and had a great resume line that opened the next door for me. it did really suck to be doing work for free that i new my peers were being paid for, and i had no social life, but i was desperate. in the end i will say that not only did i get the experience needed (and keep my resume from bleeding experience), but i actually got to do more than someone in a normal beginner role in my field would--it was real sink or swim lol. if you're struggling, i do suggest that route. not ideal, but it works.
hi luckyducky, your explanation for the work gap is very acceptable! however, to break through to get an interview, you'll have to rely on your writing skills to personalize outreach. to get in front of a real person: 1) after locating a role you like, research the company and potential hiring managers you can email. 2) set up a multi-touchpoint email campaign that follows up with the person every 3 days. you have to capture them at the right moment when they are thinking about the role. we've had success placing a stay-at-home mom absent from the workforce for 10 years. ultimately what led her to land the job was the hiring managers thought she would have a more compassionate understanding of the clientele they deal with versus the younger candidates. best of luck!
how do you advise handling a large (1.5 years) gap in your resume?
i need a change of career, but i have no idea what i want to do, just that i want to do *something* else. what's your advice on seeking out a new career?
the problem with that, and the mandatory unpaid internships, is that they're gradually replacing entry routes and becoming a dead end where you volunteer/intern until you need money too badly and have to stop and then they pick up a new one. if you're lucky someone in a paid position leaves and they look at the volunteer pool, but it's not that likely.
can confirm this is a problem. i'm white, but my first name sounds mexican. during a stint of job-hunting, i applied for the same job i had previously with no response and used "sara" as my first name. resume and cover letter were identical. they emailed me about four days later to set up an interview. i told them what they did and for that reason, i would not be entertaining their interview request. bastards.
they don't care nor pay attention. yesterday i overheard 3 guys at a restaurant talking about how much hillary sucked so trump had to be better no matter what. then someone mentioned that mccain guy and they couldn't remember who he was exactly... until one of them said he's the guy that ran against obama... still having no real idea of who john mccain is. none of them. there's your 37%
and when they do, they'll call everything a "leak"
anti flag is also in the studio finishing or just finished a new album
which is doubly funny because the us military uses metric units for things like distance
they want to be able to deny saying what they are saying and try to paint the press as untruthful. the downside is being caught in another lie with hidden recorders.
maybe by wapo and cnn on a good day, but fox will probably be happy to do as told by the supreme leader.
i have an honest question, why is the white house even having a press briefing if reporters can't report it?
no, you know what *really* scares me? what scares me is how complicit around 37% of america is to dump the first amendment because "its muh prez!" and "librul tears!". you can stand by the bullshit policies trump wants to implement but what *no one* should be tolerating is the blatant disregard of ethical behavior from a sitting potus and a blatant disregard for the first amendment that this whole fucking administration has.
or basically a map at figuring out what areas of the country haven't progressed since 1882.
but maybe if we kick out enough immigrants we will all become millionaires. i don't know about you, but the only thing between me and a million dollar a year salary is some illegal immigrant. /s
the journalists can report the content of the press briefings, but they're not supposed to film or record it. basically, they're all taking notes and writing from that, which probably means direct quotes are out (who can write that quickly, beyond a couple of words?)...this way, the white house can continue to say that they *are* granting access to journalists, that they *are not* depriving anyone of their first amendment rights (freedom of press) and if they don't like what is asked/written, they can say that the journalists abbreviated quotes or took them out of context...basically, they can say: the administration opens their doors to everyone--even those filthy enemies from the fake news--and lets them ask anything they want and then write anything they want! it's completely and totally fair!!!...even though it's not.
they just want to be able to yell slurs without catching a side eye or a broken nose. they have little concept of what the 1st amendment actually is and what it protects.
and an entire political party, with all of its power and interconnections is going along with it
actually it might have been russian collusion too. especially if they purged voter registrations. you can't blame it all on one single thing. hrc's loss was a perfect shit storm.
gop during 2016 election: it's the content of the leaks that matter, not who leaked them! gop after 2016 election: it's about time to start prosecuting leakers as traitors to america, who gives a shit what the leaks contain, its all fake news from libruhl tears mainstream media anyway!
on bullets 3 and 5, can i know more? if i search for near things i'll be flooded with 1,3,&4
honest questions will not be answered at this time.
when trump was elected, i turned to my girlfriend and said, "it's time to be worried about this country. this is the first time in my 40 year life i'm actually scared." i had no idea it could get this bad. i've been finding ways to be more of an activist, a voice against the direction this country is going. i had no idea this would happen so damn fast.
we were ready on paper, but people always make profits off the margins of our fear. what better margin than the physical margins of facebook ad space? i'm a big believer in marshall mcluhan's ideas about human communication. the medium is the message and all that jazz. any method of communication we create is a two way street informed by our biological underpinnings, and at the same time, we can find ourselves with changed thought processes without even knowing it. the internet is that concept on an exponential scale of time, like an event horizon. there's no way to account for it.
they also gave him free publicity when he began campaigning. the 4th estate gave us trump in the race for ratings. they may not be kissing his ass now. but they did it quite often before now.
that's a really good point. it's why i think it's so important to rally people who aren't involved in politics and don't vote. that 30ish percent will never abandon trump, but i'm still holding out hope that this administration will force politically apathetic people out of the shadows to stand up for democratic values.
funny how it's the likes of trump supporters who always whine about free speech and freedom of the press. now they have they biggest anti-press president and the biggest anti-free speech subreddit.
it isn't quite that yet, it's incompetence and autocratic idiocy.
this is what saddens me the most - even if somehow our protections against fascism ultimately work, despite republicans doing everything in their power to undermine them, and trump and co are pulled from office, there's over 60 million americans who either supported this or were too blind to see it for what it is. i don't know how that pandora's box can ever be closed.
twitter is a garbage service run by a garbage company headed by garbage people that creates garbage culture.
the strange thing is that according to an economist on npr one of the ways trump could get his 3% gdp increase promise is by influxing a shit ton of immigrants.
honest question, what the hell can the wh do to enforce this? there's no classified intel. unless they start revoking credentials, which i don't even think they need a reason to do, this is pointless.
i would settle for an end to fox news and propaganda media.
at least there's somewhat of a system in place to keep things in check (downvoting).
pretty much all my friends who identified as libertarians were on the trump train even before he was considered to have a reasonable chance to win the primary. no, it doesn't make sense to me either.
jeremy corbyn, leader of the uk's labour party is going to introduce run the jewels at glastonbury today. killer mile was also involved with bernie sanders campaign, he's got a some interviews with bernie and also phone banked for him
how far off from journalists disappearing in the night so you think we really are. i wouldn't blame them for being scared.
a traitor has high-jacked the executive branch in order to install a kleptocratic authoritarian oligarchy.
the correct answer. fascism is blooming... and this is terrifying. what's worse, americans are betraying their country because they feel they aren't the millionaires they should be - and giving up freedoms will somehow make their lives better.
they were just talking about this on npr this morning. they also said a more realistic (and most optimistic) growth would be around a 2% increase over 10 years.
correction: their alternative reality crowd at rallies.
that's the sickest part. this country will need a whole new set of laws surrounding the presidency, congress, senate, media, scientific agencies, foreign advisors, cabinet appointees, and so on after this fiasco is over to prevent them from ever doing this again. this whole thing is disgusting and every day it gets worse.
i think there is a hell of a difference between a report that is innacurate but was at least reported in good faith and "fake news"
what comey said was true: no votes were changed. but voter rolls were manipulated.
a press briefing where the press isn't "allowed" to distribute what they've been briefed on. what a fucked up world we now live in.
why are they even holding press conferences at this point?
i remember watching with awed horror at turkey's turn last summer. just how quickly a (somewhat) democratic country could fall into a fascist dictatorship. didn't expect to go from watching it to living it quite so fast.
just waiting for the day trump says on camera he doesn't work for the american people. and some goobers actually agree with him and stand up for it.
and yet the gop keeps winning elections. it's not just that i'm disappointed in my country, it's that my country is becoming something much less than what it was. many of my fellow citizens applaud it, it seems to be what we want to become. less. this is not america anymore, it's america.
it made me sick last week watching how many people immediately jumped on the conclusion that the left fosters violence by calling these people fascists. the tide has turned, and the fascists are winning.
it would seem so... just imagine what will happen in the aftermath of trump's reichstag.
i don't think so, they were still reeling from wwi, looking for direction and hitler provided that, i think. i'm the farthest from a history person though.
my only response i get from trump supporting family is "but obama...". i don't give a shit what a obama did!! live in the fucking now!
**benedict donald's entrance music:** fascist! (turn to the left) fascist! (turn to the right) ooooooooooooh **fascist!**
i was really happy to see how vocal mike was in support of bernie. so free artists put their time and name into something positive after their criticisms.
he's basically just been taking money, filing bankruptcy, and using said money to start a new bad idea. i don't get how people can think that's a successful business man. no, that's a successful scumbag.
those same 37% would be up in arms (literally) if obama had done just one of the things that trump has done. the hypocrisy is astounding.
what's even scarier is that half of the country is supporting it adamantly... or just in denial? i know people who think trump is doing great things for this country and i can't believe anyone can look at the things that are going on and then, "yeah, this is good!" i'm astounded and frankly terrified.
gaslighting and information control. test the waters, who to trust with the national agenda doctrine all that shit
right? i don't give a fuck about clinton's emails, but even if i did, what does it have to do with our president being a national embaressment?
europe here, born in the 70s. my generation grew up with the rule of thumb that every trend from the us would reach europe within a few years. i really hope that this rule does not apply anymore...
this should scare the shit out of everyone. we're just getting into this administration and look how far we have drifted away from the core democratic practices of the united states.
fast is part of the plan. by the time you realize shit is really and truly fucked it's too late.
it's all over that sub-genre of rap. it can either be a stylistic choice to fit in with the culture or actually come from deep personal homophobia. some rappers dropped it over time as they became aware of how ignorant it is.
someone is really confused about the first amendment and the role of the press.
i think that's still pretty far off. this isn't russia(or is it...?). if journalists start turning up dead after reporting on certain things, it's gonna raise too many questions and will surely expose the white house. those journalists who'd die would be regarded as heroes long after their death. hopefully it never comes to that though.
and apparently all they had to was convince people liberals are engaged in a vast conspiracy to undermine conservatives. now they want the protection of big daddy trump.
so why are they even there then? is the trump base really so simple that they don't see right through this stuff?
this is the part that blows my mind the most. well, the combination of this, and 70 year old boomers, who previously yelled things like 'better dead than red!', who are now all pro-trump (and supposedly russia-ambivalent).
churches need to be taxed when we regain control - you hear me reasonable people? they are businesses with political interests, it is against the interest of the country to let them be tax-havens.
i'm starting a petition to make our armed forces use freedom units moving forward, why use a base-10 numeric system when you can use a "no fucking idea how any of this converts" numeric system?
damnit, freedom ain't free or some stupid shit like that.
and america's downfall continues as the powers that be make one greedy, short-sighted decision after another.
in hindsight, it was a mistake to make the president above the law.
it's happening. a reichstag is inbound at some point.
it seems to be working. none of the trump voters i know show any sign of buyers remorse and still speak of him with a level of reverent rapturous ecstasy usually reserved for children meeting a costumed mickey mouse for the first time.
it also keeps his base in line and feeling like they are winning. they are pep rallies.
agreed, for the moment. sadly, the majority of brits' voters already fell for the populists' bs beforehand.
i mean... what in the actual fuck is going on in this country?
i have plenty family that feels the way you describe. it's a mix of apathy and hating facts they don't agree with, like climate change, or things trump has been recorded saying. when i start listing sources, all i get in response is just "but the lawyers or scientists could be lying!" and other excuses. i've given up on convincing others, they'll see how dumb they were soon enough.
from an outsider's perspective, this would be a good time to hit the quickload button and start all over. but in reality, that will never happen. mostly because of the change in society - a considerable portion of your fellow muricans believe in conspiracy theories (alex jones = gospel of the truth), are not able to think in a rational way (everything trump says = good; msm = evil) and just want to watch the world burn. in my country that's maybe ~10%, so these people have no power. but in yours they're all over the place. you fucked up somewhere in the past few years/decades... in education, for starters...
gotta love the fourth estate. they're not here to kiss trump's ass.
judging by the results of the french and british elections, it seems that you guys are more apt to go to the other end of the spectrum in disgust over what happened here in the us.
the aftermath of this is, if nothing changes, people with the means (well educated, in demand careers, etc.) will leave the united states.
the loss was most certainly a shitstorm. but the media's complicity in that affair is easily forgotten. sure they're fighting the good fight now, but a year ago they were giving this orange turd free press. so much so that his underfunded campaign got free boosts that people like bernie never benefited from. they didn't start the dumpster fire, but they did toss in their old newspapers.
it's absolutely neofascism. while people are outraged and fussing over one neofascist policy, the neofascists are working behind the scenes to erode democracy in order to ram through more neofascist policies.
i mean, at that point could you not kick everyone out, lock the door, put up a "press briefin' brb" sign, throw on a 3 hour marathon of animaniacs, and call it a day?
it's literally on the first page of the rule book for 612d backgammon
trying to "rattle" a witness about to testify? sounds like witness tampering to me.
nope. they're entitled. we should be honored to be paying their salary, regardless of the job they do. i hate the gop.
how many warnings and sign posts along the way do americans need to recognize what is happening here? none of the behavior from this white house is proper or right. you're going to be in trouble soon and you're sitting by letting it happen... watching it even; for sport.
i wonder if this is what a lot of germans felt like watching hitler rise to power.
ok then i need to start my own religion.... only we don't believe in god and don't pay taxes. actually hasn't the right been accusing science of being a religion? shouldn't everyone who performs an expierement be a pastor?
- 3 - newt acknowledged that there are no tapes, and trump was trying to 'rattle' comey.
what a day for republicans: * wh exposed for trying to gag the press * congressional gop can't figure out how to write an aca repeal that anyone likes * trump admitted to being a lying, manipulative pos * revelations confirming that trump asked intel chiefs to refute collusion claims * more revelations that not only were voter rolls hacked before the election, but they were altered, specifically targeting democrats
it's hilarious that trump is *still* holding maga rallies. as if that does fuck all aside from reassuring to himself that he's well-liked.
yet still exceptionally successful. this is very likely unrecoverable
two very hot topics today: 1) a wh administration that doesn't want the american public seeing their press updates 2) a republican senate that doesn't want the american public seeing what's going into a major healthcare bill this is the disease we fight wars to prevent spreading around the world and it is happening in our own front yard.
the us political system was in shambles *before* trump, he (and his advisors and possible accessories) just took advantage of this trash fire.
they're already losing $400 million dollars a year, it's not clear to me the ads can get much more worthless either way.
that's a useful map figuring out what is an interesting place to visit and what is uninhabited dirt
he's only above the law as long as congress and the senate condone his crimes. every day that goes by republicans in congress and the senate are just as guilty as trump, flynn, and others.
thats why he does these things every few weeks. he thrives on the adulation.
twitter is a fucking blight upon this nation's discourse and i hope biz stone gets colorectal cancer.
people in texas keep their yard signs up after an election? fuck, that's dedicated. i mean, you have to move that shit every time you mow your lawn.
well cnn did that just before the press conference. should have told them ahead of time. wolf blitzer was pissed going over it. in actuality, what the fuck is going on? as a tax payer, i pay spicer and huckabees salary to tell us what is going on. are they too chicken?
his son already said that donald works for the real americans and all his critics aren't really people anyway... so that's a start...
the fourth branch by immortal technique gets me fucking amped to say "fuck the opinion forming apparatus of america!" however, in terrifying times like these, we need this institution now more than ever for simple self-preservation. my hope is that this gauntlet will restore some dignity to america's media outlets as they begin to abandon "if it bleeds, it leads, 24 hour news/entertainment" and get back to more thorough, substantive investigative journalism.
the nazis in germany continued to hold elections for a while after they got power. it placated the masses that things were still "normal" while the nazis consolidated power. apologies for going full godwin's law here...
isn't saying he wanted to "rattle" comey an exact admission to obstruction of justice?
social media in general is a blight. facebook isn't any better nor is reddit (i say this hypocritically, posting here). i personally feel we're not ready for it as a society in numerous ways.
they have to have a story. that's the 24-hour cycle. believe it or not, foxites still channel-flip, if only to "keep an eye on the enemy" (my dad and gma, lib and con respectively, admit to doing this). if they don't at least vomit up with another butterymales story, their daily score goes down along with management's frown.
twitter refuses to do anything about the bot issue and i don't understand why.
what is heartening is that the fascists can't seem to tie their shoes. the greatest blessing of trump is he's a fucking idiot.
more of an honorable fascism award. or fascism participation. let's be real. out of all fascists and dictators. trump would be the worst of them. rookie of the year for fascism / dictator is probably going to the philippines.
americans are beginning to understand what it's like to live in a country they would previously have exported democracytm to.
its darkest just before the dawn. i choose to believe trump will be the wake up call that reforms american politics.
"white house warns reporters not to report" where are my patriotic libertarians fighting against this tyranny of the man trampling free press and free speech?
how people cannot see the absolute hypocrisy on this and still vote for them is astounding!
propagandhi finished recording a new album recently. i expect it to be *angry.*
so they have something to do, i guess? it's like they're perpetually running behind and playing catch up to their own ridiculous decisions.
people stopped questioning authority and instead worship it.
i still see transparently fake traffic on facebook, youtube and spotify that they do nothing about. they're complicit, and sooner or later that will come back to bite them.
as it turns out, the internet didn't usher in an era of hyper-informed individuals who use all the knowledge at their fingertips to better themselves. social media in particular serves only to amplify ones personality. smart people use the web to educate themselves and be more efficient. dumb people see their idiocy reinforced, and are rewarded by whatever vote/like/share currency they participate in. you would think 20+ years into the modern internet age, people would have an idea of what's real and what's bullshit, but i guess we need more time. or it'll never happen. i don't know.
shut the fuck up. pastor bill speaks for jesus on sundays, and jetskis for jesus on bright summer days. jesus needs his jetski.
we're losing yard signs and bumper stickers around me in texas.
marking anything not reportable is a surefire way of getting it reported asap.
it's been kind of eye opening finding out how many of the "laws" governing the conduct of the president turned out to be a collection of suggestions and tradition.
i love how with obama we had millions of people screaming "martial law!", and now they welcome their "god emperor" with open arms.
terrifying times. i've also noticed that many white house reporters are having their twitter accounts blown up by bots defending this move.
they are embarrassed because they misplaced their wallets.
no. knowing this country this is what will happen: there will be a ton load of republicans claiming to be 'not trump' and hence win elections. they'll claim that trump was just an insane aberration.
oh come on. there are dozens of quaint little villages in the red areas. think of the antiquing you could do!
except immortal technique prides himself on being more "educated" and better overall than just about all rappers. from what i gather he wants to be so different from modern rappers yet needs to rap like a homophobe to mesh with the same scene?
although not every leak is true and lots of news is fake, i just assume that anyone the white house accuses of being a "leaker" or call "fake news" is probably telling the truth.
as an outsider it's hard not to laugh though. i'm so sorry guys
cameras don't lie, the wh wants you to think reporters do.
was kinda wondering where he's been, that and punk bands. "trump youth" should of been a name by now
so, what i see is that the same people who vote republican, also don't like to live near people.
except these incompetent fascists are laying the groundwork for competent ones to come along and finish the job.
i keep trying to tell people that trump (while horrid) isn't the problem. he is merely a symptom of the problem. the problem is the gop, and the right-wing talking heads. he is literally everything they've been yelling about for years. he wasn't elected in a vacuum, he didn't just show up out of nowhere. :-/ people looked at him, listened to the drivel that he spewed, and thought "that's who i want to lead the country" -_-
anddddd you just problematized one of my remaining rap heroes.
reminds me of a joke. so joe is condemned to hell. the devil offers joe a choice of two rooms for eternity. one room was a burning furnace with everyone screaming in pain. the other room was people standing around in shit up to their waist. joe tell's the devil that the choice is easy, the room standing in shit. so he gets in there and he's thinking this is great in comparison. then he hears a voice over a speaker, okay break time is over back to standing on your heads.
mike and jaime aren't pulling any punches with this admin.
what's even worse for me was finding out that the laws and protections i thought existed to keep this from happening are being used as toilet paper and half the country doesn't even care. hope is hard to come by these days personally.
ive seen other platforms crack down on bots because it made the ads more worthless. people just haven't leaned on twitter enough for them to start shaving off the worthless clickholes.
luckily, nascent fascism trying to be implimented by idiots.
if this is a joke, it's not the least bit funny. if it's not a joke, it's not the least bit funny.
twitter threads are complete garbage and vitriol, beginning to rival youtube
their story will be how disloyal fake news outlets like ny times, wapo, msnbc, and cnn are leaking information garnered at press briefings.
a friend of mine signed up on tinder and didn't get any matches. thought, his expectations are probably way too high. i took his phone and swiped right for every woman. he still didn't get any matches... :(
i like to come up with weird random questions to ask, like if they like burritos as much as i do. or what their favorite thai place is. or if they like ice skating. really i've tried just about anything i can think of to start a conversation. 3 girls out of like 85 have bothered talking to me. but why the fuck would you match with someone you have no interest in talking to?
sorry, dude. :( you can have a month of my time. i'm not using it very well.
like most say.. all openings don't seem to work so i tried something different, i just put in my profile "i don't message first but if i liked you, there is a reason for that, feel free to message me". i figured if a girl likes me enough to want to talk to me, she will just message me herself and i put that comment in there incase they are afraid to do, worked well. i started getting a bunch of girls asking me why i don't message first, met 4 women from tinder because of it. one of which is my current girlfriend :d 6months going strong :) extra pro dating tip: just fucking ask her out, give her something to look forward to, take it out the realm of the internet, if you just keep chatting bullshit together online you will both die out because you are both just text on a phone and not something real.
ever switch the genders to see what you're up against? that's when i uninstalled tinder...
or you could post a picture of you in your sport car. i'm pretty sure most girls would swipe right for a guy in a ferrari.
if men all agreed to withhold dick like a cartel, we could even the playing field by artificially deflating its supply and raising its price. give it a year and i guarantee we could be getting red lobster out the ass for free!
it reminds me of the sign that says "make $5,000-$6,000 a month working from home" only good looking hookers on backpage can do that.
once got dumped on a tinder date, because she found a hotter single during our dinner conversation.
girls everywhere want to be fed and taken places, it's human nature, but some of us will suck your cock before we go.
i honestly am very tempted to believe all those men saying they get tinder dates are professional bulshitters paid by tinder to promote the service because i've never met any male first hand that has told me he had success with the app. regardless of looks.
a friend of mine got liked and then when the woman realized who he was irl (they are both in the same industry) she wasn't interested. that didn't do a lot for his self-esteem.
results dependent on attractiveness. step 1: don't be ugly.
i tried using tinder and everyone was so... boring. i'm a man and i don't actually expect any lady to go on a date with a guy they matched with on a free app, but i was at least hoping to have some interesting conversation out of it.
don't sell yourself short. i bet there's like two singles in your area that might be interested.
women on tinder are judgemental as fuck. they want the best of the best profile that has matched her. it's all about gaming the picture game, and girls are good at that shit. it's really limited for what it can offer: good pictures and clever profile bio/conversations. if you are on top for both, then it should be no problem. if you don't, then you probably will do better in real life as long as you aren't handicapped by your own self-esteem.
i thought it was nsafinder, msybe the bots vary by location?
so, basically most guys problem? swiping right on the super hottie when they, themselves, are a super nottie.
oh. this chick was just creeped out at me, i'm probably not as good looking as you.
"i just say 'hi.' it works everytime," says ryan gosling.
i once asked my grandmother if she thought i was handsome. she said i was funny. :/
try "if you were a potato, what kind of potato would you be?"
this is good to hear. i've been very worried with professional athletes getting any action at all.
holy shit - self-immolation coupled with a direct insult.
"where's your girlfriend?" "oh, she can't make it. well, shall we?"
ask a totally out of left field question that catches thier attention. lots of people won't go for it, but i get way more replies with something ridiculous than with a "hey" or "how's it going?" my go to if i can't think of something based on thier profile is, "who is your favorite little rascal, alfalfa or spanky?" (of course this a trick question because the correct answer is buckwheat)
you can be unattractive. you just need wealth, humor, and a big cock
**wrong wrong wrong** he's completely ruining the d.e.n.n.i.s. system!
times like this i'm glad i'm 43 and dated in the pre-internet real world. you kids have no idea how much better it was then and how awful all of this sounds.
tinder helps you realize how shallow you are, i reckon.
what were the rules again? * be attractive * don't be unattractive
this post has given me new perspective. approach it as a numbers game, don't take things personally, and be patient. yeah that's not gonna happen
try grinder. it's a totaly different ball game over there.
ya because someone can tell you have a giant dick by looking at your selfies
it's terrible to get girl advice from gay guys because what works for them totally doesn't work for straight guys
i think my standards are low, so i swipe right a lot. i mean, at that stage you're only asking yourself "would you have sex with her for a prolonged period of time?" (assuming you're not after one night stands). never get replies even from the women on the lower end of the point system. :|
it made me realize i had more types than i previously thought. it also made me tired of blonde girls who are foodies and travel.
i'll say it was more like 15 seconds, but i'll be sure to double-check with her.
can someone explain the purpose of tinder bots to me? what do they do? what's their goal in getting you to click some random link? virus? ad money?
holy shit, technology does improve fast. my mom had to wait 9 months for her disappointment.
nope. i work with very expensive cars and drive them often. i had a picture of me driving a very expensive sports car on my tinder profile. girls thought i saw it at a car show. i think ideally you just have your picture be the deed to your house and the registration for a lamborghini at that address. i think that would work.
grinder is interesting. i try to imagine how tinder would be if girls behaved like guys do on grinder. sometimes i see the advice "just be yourself", on grinder, guys are themselves, and it works. you want to fuck someone, just tell them, nobody will call you a creep or play hard to get. also, in my experience people usually do want to have sex with you regardless of your profession, income, height, etc unless there's something about you they specifically dislike.
all the girls on tinder in my area want to be fed and love adventuring. they just want someone to buy them food and take them places. which they'd have if they had a relationship with their parents
i was actually fairly surprised by the number of attractive women on tinder. i'd say i swipe right 80% of the time. though i don't get much love back. eh, at least it's not a time sink like okcupid for the same result. seems like if there is a match on tinder i'm more likely to at least get a "hey there" type message back. and only one bot so far. but for that one there was no doubt even before i swiped.
"not looking for a hookup" she is, but if she says she wants a hookup, out come the weirdos like me.
tinder is practically porn for guys who get off on the disapproval of women.
"repeated disappointment as fast as you can swipe!"
you don't know how many times i get messages from dudes saying him and his girlfriend/wife are looking for a partner to have "fun" with.
you did so many things right in that last scenario: 1. refusing to "play the game" and flipping the script made you stand out from the other guys competing for her affection. 2. doing so in a humorous manner probably made her smile/laugh. 3. doing so in a mildly self-deprecating manner made you likeable. 4. and finally, even saying that there was one other girl who messaged you back increased your perceived value in her eyes, without coming across as bragging.
i realize this is a joke comment, but my husband found one of those the other day, turns out that it can be erased by holding a flame to the paper, too! we felt like magicians...
yah, basically same here. i have self-esteem though. got 30 matches. zero replies. then i got discouraged and stopped.
'my name is tiffany, and my minge is like opening a grillled cheese.'
hey, everybody is probably going to hate me for this, but i actually met my wife on tinder. flash forward to the present, we've been happily married for 3 years and still going strong.
getting matches doesn't seem to be hard. had a ton of matches when i still had tinder. but no one wants to talk. its just stupid. why match with people you aren't interested in? i get why guys do it cause if they didn't we wouldn't get any matches at all. but then women are just ignoring all their matches anyway? whats the point.
are you trying to talk to girl-people or boy-people? because if it's girl-people then our theory is intact. if it's boy-people we must question everything we know about tinder.
whatever type was responsible for the great famine
no, for tinder especially you kinda need to be attractive first. it's difficult to express wealth, humor and big cock through a selfie. unless you just make your pic a dick pic? will that get you banned? if you want wealth to carry you, you probably need to sign up for seekingarrangement.com and just flat out pay a girl to see you. (but they're not prostitutes! they promise!)
too real? no, sir, 50% real, 50% girls from fwbworld, where ass eating is always on the menu.
her okcupid profile is in her post history. judging by that, i'd guess she's looking at guys out of her league. i guarantee she's getting swiped right, she just doesn't like the matches she gets.
the term is unicorn. i'm poly and married. lots of married couples want to share a young, attractive, bisexual woman. there aren't many young, attractive bisexual women looking for couples. so everyone is searching for a unicorn, but they're almost impossible to find.
you gotta hit em with the big guns, my guy. name puns usually get a response, the cornier, the better. her name is maggie? easy-hit her with the "what's your favorite food? mine is mag 'n cheese." got a lisa on your hands? fire off a "i don't message a lot on here, but i'm hoping you'll give me at lisa response" or, open with a really corny joke, but keep it clean. you can find them on r/dadjokes, and they're money. also, be really physically attractive. that helps too.
instead of going out to clubs to meet and have some fun with girls, nba players are using tinder to meet up with people and have one night stands. so basically if you want tons of tinder success, just become an nba player.
i'm pretty unique, i personally love to laugh. seriously, when i see this in a profile i imagine someone just sitting there in a room alone. "well, time to start laughing. ha. ha ha. ahahahahaha!"
they're not singles if you count the kids they already have.
it's probably more likely that pmme-your-tits-girl just knows how to talk to women.
i'm married now but i used to do online dating. i'd start with something like "i really enjoyed reading your profile and you seem like someone i'd like to get to know. maybe we could chat here and go out to dinner or something if you feel comfortable." got like a 60% response rate. but you find out most of the time they all have one or two word answers and don't really care to ask about you. those are the chicks that want a free meal and/or some penis. the ones that engage with you are actually interested.
the way to get girls is to not try at all. - ridiculously handsome guy
i used to write "your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter."
"tons of hot singles are ready to ignore you! click here!"
i frequently delete tinder, because i never get matched with girls i'm actually attracted to (serial right-swiper, sue me). but every once in a while, i'll know of a genuine tinder success story and it keeps that little flame of hope - just barely - alive.
i dont quite qualify for a whole month of their time...
was a guy on tinder. self-esteem and ego skyrocketed. but i mean, there's only one way for it to go when it's at rock bottom already.
nah, i mean my birth, not the time you slept with her.
always swipe right for people you want to bang, not marry. you will never get matches if you only swipe right for the unicorns.
do you like having conversations that go nowhere? enjoy racking your brain thinking of interesting shit to say for it to ultimately fail every time? welcome to tinder!
probably a balance between having enough bots to boost your revenue but not so many bots that people give up on your service completely. guess every business does this: how much can we piss off our customers without losing them. looking at you, arlines.
i've done this, click like as fast as i can until it runs out just to see who i'm matching with. turns out fat chicks and old ladies are pretty into me.
or it's an open marriage and the dude wants to watch.
tinder actually got me in a situation like that, writing that i'm a bi girl in my profile attracted those kind of people a lot.
being dishonest in any dating scenario (through an app or otherwise) doesn't work in the long run. if someone is only interested in you for your money and they realize you have none, then how long do you think that relationship is going to last? dishonesty in dating is just wasting everyone's time. if you want to find someone who is truly interested in you, then you're really being self-defeating when you pretend to be someone else.
don't forget that unlike most human beings, they also love to have a good time!
no son, you can hit the bottom and start digging deeper.
are you hitting them with the 'hey' if so, that's why
to be serious for a second (as i do get matches), i think i'm alright looking. however, my bio and pics are probably shit.
no he's not! he's just demonstrating his value to her. that's the d in dennis.
road teams have actually been playing better in the last few years. there's a theory that one of the reasons for it is because tinder made finding a hookup much faster so now players can get some action and still get a lot of sleep.
lol i did that too and found out she super liked me back. not a bad ego boost but the whole "super like" thing is v. weird
do you have a photo of yourself hugging a tiger? or a photo of you doing yoga in front of a sunset on a beach? no? no wonder they aren't interested in you..
it's some good adviiiiiiiiiiice that you just didn't take
and apparently you absorb a little bit of bpa each time you handle that thermal paper
i hope the collapse quickly, they are toxic, just like several other groups
usually you pre pay by card if it's a chain or through a delivery service, but in my experience little mom and pop places have the option to pay cash the door. even some delivery services you can choose to pay cash. whenever people pull tricks like that though it's just the little restaurants that suffer. the recipient would just turn them away and say they didn't order it and the restaurant would have to eat the cost of good and time.
purely anecdotal, but we passed them in hollywood one time. they approached me, i gave a polite no as soon as guy stopped talking. i told my mom in spanish to keep walking. guy immediately approaches my mom and gives his pitch in perfect spanish. my no that time was a little harsher.
was kind of dismayed when i saw the harlem church of scientology. they really are targeting the poor. it was getting remodeled when i saw it too. looked very nice, and expensive
i watched a documentary on anonymous one time. it turns out they they are just a bunch of 4chan hacktivists who (for the most part) are unaffiliated with each other. it seems to me that there's not really a way to join anonymous. you just hack and then say you are part of it.
i once 'hacked' one of those radio voting contests for a friend by using proxies to change my ip everytime i cast a vote in their favour. is that cool enough for anonymous?
most of us know it's bad but are still surprised that a lot of celebrities here joined them. every time i'm in hollywood and walk by the cos, i'm pretty disgusted by it, i'm sure others here are to.
the big new one in north hollywood? i drive by it at least once a week. what was extra bizzare about it was that when they were doing the final landscaping touches, all of the work was being done exclusively at night. and not by landscapers either. so i'd be driving by at 9 pm and see 2 women and a man wearing formal sea org-esque gear trying to plant a palm tree.
clearwater is a very nice city in florida near tampa and st. pete that cos, unfortunately, took over a while back. cos owns something like half the real estate in the city and i think it's considered the cos hq outside of the seaorg.
clearwater, florida is home to the scientology headquarters. there are anecdotes of scientologists having completely penetrated the local government, including law enforcement.
yeah after they lost all that money on ink anyway
i don't think people are that mad anymore i think at first they thought it was gonna be about the kkk or some shit.
and that's what i like about anonymous. they're actually helpful.
i worked at domino's last year, you could pay in cash
most receipts today are printed on thermal paper. that's why they fade.
that...doesn't sound like how you meant it...probably.
well, sure. landscapers need to be paid. cult members don't. so after their 9-5 jobs in the real world, they go to the cos and do their menial labor.
it's a free riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide when you've already paid
both. george lucas joined the church in the early '90s
and the birth of a new scientology division! we'll call it... scientonerology!
operation chanology. probably the nail in the coffin for old anonymous as they split between "moralfags" and "oldfags" originally it was for the lulz, but some of them grew a heart during this. then they became hactivists.
i got a friend that went to the chiropractor for like 2 years and his posture went from "meh" to greek statue.
nah, it's all by credit card through an app or by phone. you can tip at the door, but even tipping a guy for hundreds of pizzas seemed like a fair trade in exchange for, you know, getting hundreds of pizzas. :p
as a former person who logics, they probably didn't send hundreds of pizzas across europe from a single shop.
as a waco resident... that's a solid joke, how have i not heard that?
"and why is this fax different from all other faxes?"
well yeah every form of harassment they did was illegal, that's why they did it anonymously but yes in this case an innocent bystander was the victim.
i still find it astounding how something like scientology can still be running today.
you have to admit their buildings are, although empty, beautiful. i've always wanted to take a tour to see the inside, but although i would never join, they scare me. cults are no joke.
then when you come home you notice that you forgot to switch the default printer and the entire house is smeared with black ink and thousands of paper sheets. that is the exact same moment someone rings your doorbell and you open it, hearing the words: "hi, we're from scientology. we would like to have a little talk about how we can improve your life!"
nah, 125th and 2(?)nd either 2nd or first. it's right by the bridge to randall's island
if you're referring to the one on 125th and 5th ave, i believe they recently closed it down and moved out.
they've taken down lots of child pornography sites.
ugh, i remember those. they came by my university during finals week and tested to see if we had any stress.
clearwater, fl. the public headquarters of the cult. the flag organization is where most of the "high-level" (high cost) courses and services are provided. downtown clearwater has been dominated by scientology, only now the city has taken steps to regain it
this is just the level of pettiness that i strive for every day.
do you mean to say xenu's overlordship isn't a glorious culture?
you know they don't pay for the pizza right? that's the point
/b/ era anonymous use to do good. you know in between ex-gf nude threads, loli threads, and cp. but they also trolled scientology and ddossed a site so thats cool, i guess?
that seems natural, to have infiltrators in the gov. jesus, man.
how that doesnt constitute conspiracy to kidnap and enslavement is just beyond me.
as a former pizza guy, that store was probably out of dough for a day or two and pissed about it.
these fuckers put me through hell a couple years ago when i made several suggestions online about where their money goes...they have a new mega-center in israel. they nearly ruined my life, had me put away somewhere presumably until i died but luckily i escaped. they will harass you online and once it begins it's a nightmare. i'm still scared because there's a big org less than a mile from my house.
so is this like a once-a-year re-post? is there a list i can get on to get a turn for this free karma next year?
i'd dig it if they could release trump's tax return
the operation was a massive success, significantly impairing their ability to receive legitimate faxes for several days.
every bad press event. it is called the streisand effect, where asking people to not talk about something makes people want to talk about it.
all it would take is for one person to step forward and claim they were coerced, no? how can the system allow for such a blind spot?
really? you can't order a pizza and pay with cash at your door? that kind of sucks.
undermining a local government is not a minor threat, as that gives (the ideologues) an official, state-sanctioned proxy arm to seriously fuck with anyone in that municipality who disagrees with them... it gives them a real court system- with full force of law- to fuck with **anyone, anywhere** who disagrees with them if they can articulate jurisdiction and haul it into that venue. the perversion of government by ideological operatives is incredibly dangerous, since it gives ideologues control over the mechanisms of government that exist with the idea that exactly those people not be in charge of that authority. a lot of special interests realized that getting federal laws passed was too hard, so they'd buy off state senates and have state laws passed to suit their interests, then try cases there, including against people who live in other places. not fun getting a summons notifying you that you're being sued in florida when you live in wyoming.
you're way off base and it's pretty clear you're not familiar with non-profits. 'non-profit' does not mean the organization can't take in more money than they spend. it means they can't pass that 'profit' on to owners, it's supposed to stay in the organization for pursuit of that organization's mission. they don't have to spend a bunch of money just to avoid a 'profit'. additionally, as far as i'm aware the church of scientology qualifies as a religion. most of their money comes from donations/dues, right?
yeah i bet they have their a+ game around the hollywood offices. fucking vultures. we've got enough religions. at least the others can claim a heritage and culture and not the ravings of a bad sci fi writer.
bit harsh on the poor pizza delivery guys. bet they converted the lot.
i find it astounding that people still have fax machines, too
ex mormon here, i never felt that way tbh. think it depends on local culture.
ugh - someone try and touch me is going to have a hard time walking afterwards. that's gross.
the ink was supposed to run out but instead lasted 8 days printing black pages.
the stories from what happens in their buildings are insane, crazy to think that it's done in the us.
are those street names real? "very very" right next to "unemployed"...
maxim #29: "the enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. no more, no less."
have anonymous actually done anything useful or do they just make edgy videos still?
didn't the city recently buy up some property so the cos wouldn't get their hands on it? we used to vacation in clearwater and my dad lives there now. i love the city and i'm glad they're actively standing up to scientologists trying to take over.
and it's stupid aren't ppl of color seen as less to them. the founder was racist.
too bad people who do nothing claim to be part of it to sound cool, and anyone who actually does something cool would never say they were part of anonymous because it would diminish their achievements
ah, that's the part i was missing. i don't order pizza a whole lot, but all the places i've ordered from require you to pay in advance.
hellloooo my names nnnniiiiiinnnnnnooooooo (im sorry)
sooo why are their facilities still operational? cults committing felonies should probably not be around
aren't they in hemet, ca? i just drove past it a few weeks ago, and it was pointed out as the headquarters.
surely i'm not the only person who thinks that sending "hundreds of pizzas" isn't so much an aggressive tactic as an invitation to party? is anonymous trying to say that american scientologists are evil, but european scientologists are actually pretty neat fellows who deserve some polite recognition?
there really isn't an anonymous group. whenever a group gets together they can decide to use the name anonymous. the whole thing is that it's not an actual group, but an idea, or movement, the whole "you can't kill an idea." stuff.
anonymous attacking scientology in defense of gawker. freedom of speech makes strange allies
i could be wrong, but i haven't seen any outrage about far cry 5. i don't think anyone aligns themselves with the people in that game.
i'm a member of anonymous. i quit anonymous. that was fun.
they force people to confess that they're undergoing the kidnapping and near slavery voluntarily therefore the church cannot get in legal trouble.
if they come at you again online, screenshot it and post to a heavily trafficked sub. i bet you get thousands of people that would help you, some of which actually would know how.
probably similar to the prosperity gospel stuff they pull in some mega churches. in my home state of ga there is a man, creflo dollar, who heads a mega church in college park. in 2014 they estimated ~39% of the population lived in poverty. that didn't stop creflo from asking his congregation to pay for his 60 million dollar gulfstream jet. he was asking his followers to donate $300 or more so he could own a new jet. some people are really shitty.
here hold these magic nunchucks and let me give you a pop quiz
oh god that's hilarious. rocking chair and quikstop, i can understand those, somewhat. but very very and unemployed, those are head scratchers.
the truly ironic thing is that none of alanis' examples are actually ironic. the song, itself, provides the irony. it's brilliant, if you stop to think about it.
they could be the gen ix remakes of pokemon black and white.
the enemy of my enemy dies next. in the mean time they might be useful.
when my mother worked at nasa in the 80's someone got the idea that they could send spam with fax machines and they started spamming hers and other folks offices. the faxes of the day rolled the pages through. the nasa engineers took black paper, taped a few together into a loop and would just fax away. iirc faxes used a special paper back then that was fairly expensive, or it may have been the ink. they stopped receiving spam faxes pretty shortly thereafter.
like most other scientology"orgs", sf valley is a ghost town every day. they've sunk millions into empty buildings. they've made some small inroads with the (also swiftly shrinking) 'nation of islam', but their penetration into latin demographics is astoundingly slow compared to islam, mormonism, or smaller nrms. the "church"is on its last legs for membership. we're already on the downslope of it's inevitable crash. since they've built up a lot of capital, the rtc leadership will likely continue to exist for a few decades, but membership is already much smaller than they advertise.
you'd find astounding that hubbard mandated everything done by telex. so they *still* use telex
and the prequels will always exist. the christmas special cannot be undone. they will never go away.
from what i've heard from people wayyyyy more interested in cs than i, this is unlikely.
sorry brian but you know the rules. those pizzas come out of your wage.
they either have their multi-lingual members work the hollywood branch, or they just train their hollywood branch staffers to speak multiple languages. i was there recently, and had a guy speak to me in perfect hebrew. i jokingly told him something to the effect of "oh wow, you must speak every language" to which he replied (seriously) "nah, i only know nine, but i'm working on another two".
i wish there was something i could do like this with my local scientology church. they are offering free personality and stress tests and keep trying to me to take them and i have to walk past them multiple times a day for work. they know who i am and smile as they offer me it and once a dude put his arm round my shoulder to usher me in. no thank you.
also, on big orders, they would generally require payment in advance.
the internet has completely destroyed my ability to distinguish satire
oh my, i used to live in tampa; i had to go through clearwater on a near daily basis. i can confirm that there are scientologists *everywhere*. i honestly felt uncomfortable; i started feeling uncomfortable going to the beach 'cause of that.
just to clarify, the reason they have so many empty buildings is because non-profits -- as their name suggests -- are not allowed to make significant profits. they buy empty buildings as a way to get around this requirement and retain their wealth. they never have any plans for most of them beyond that.
and people are mad that far cry 5 is about killing religious nuts, because "that doesn't happen in the usa at all". it's truly freaky that an organisation like that can find enough roots to plant its tree.
just tape a bunch of pages together and watch them go around in a loop on the fax machine. roflmao
i remember a quote about anonymous in my local newspaper: "anyone can become a member of anonymous just by saying they are" says the ex anonymous member henry."
the mayor went to one of their events? not surprising, but kinda still surprising. how do people in la in general feel toward the cos?
then what if they miss that deal to fly to hawaii for $99?
wait wait, he *told* them that he wanted the money to buy himself a new jet?!
sorry we're closed, we sent out brian with 340 pizzas and he's not going to get back until sunday night.
unfortunately, the church of scientology is very real
hard to report people working on visas to immigration
unfortunately they're sitting on millions in property alone. possibly billions in total. it's going to be a slow burn.
funny story. back in the day my grandpa owned an almond orchard and lived in northern california. big migrant worker county. he had mexican workers for him every summer and he was of the opinion that to speak spanish all you had to do was put an "a" or "o" at the end of english words. to pull down almonds the method was to shake trees and branches with ropes, hit branches with sticks, etc. he would tell them to "pull down the ropa! get the ropa!" but he didn't know he was telling them to get the clothes out of the trees and they were very confused.
they'll bury their head in the sand or tell you that he's the president so he can share what he wants.
isn't that what we thought after nixon? i quoted obama's faith in the american people during the last election. now i'm quoting george carlin (originally h.l. mencken, thanks everyone), that no one has ever gone broke betting against the intelligence of the american people.
 as much as i want him to be impeached, i see comments like this every day to the point that i just can't get my hopes up anymore. i hope to high hell that one day i'm proven wrong.
the *washington post* newsroom is filled with patriots. the trump white house is not.
legally he's in the clear for this, and that's the argument trump supporters are going to stick with. would they say that if hillary had done this? oh fuck no, they'd be shitting themselves.
fucking hell, there really is a tweet for everything.
does no one ever learn? you cannot win a land war in asia, and you cannot win a trade war with canada!
"dangerously insane man acts dangerously insane. people shocked."
trump has ruined being a republican honestly. neutral, voting whomever is better each election has been fantastic so far for me. to be fair, has been all dems and libs so far for me.
buzzfeed's serious news has been good for a long time, the clickbait shit is basically designed to fund the reporting
seriously. have you read buzzfeed news recently? it's... weirdly respectable and competent.
the washington post and pbs have always done a good job. cnn has really stepped up its game (literally from *not being journalism at all* a year ago to having a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed). since the election, i've had ample reason to be angry at the nyt. i actually am more pleased with the wsj's journalism right now.
yea, i'm gonna go ahead and need every republican congressman to watch replays of them bitching and moaning over the dangers of hillary's emails, then go ahead and have them explain why this shit is ok.
he's literally using being the president of the united states to *look* powerful. because that's who he is, and who he's always been: obsessed with looking rich, with not just being successful but being *seen* as successful, and then, after going bankrupt, with being seen as the greatest businessman ever in the make-believe world of reality tv. he has no concept of using power for good, or even using power for anything other than making sure other people know he has power. that's the actual, real president of the united states; a guy who leaks secrets because they're worthless to him. because even when he has something as valuable as classified information, it doesn't matter to him unless other people know he has it.
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "nothing"
we don't want a trade war! just stop being all crazy!
anyone wondering if the tass photog was in the room for this portion?
this getting out *is* the ic revolt. it had to come from the people at the cia and nsa doing damage control.
i keep hearing "politics as usual" from people. it drives me nuts, i'm as jaded and cynical as the next person, but i know this shit is pretty unprecedented. or at the very least it's unprecedented that they blundered so fucking bad that they're getting caught red-handed.
this news on friday: wow and we thought monday was crazy!
from reading the article it appears he mentioned all this just to brag about what kind of great intel he gets. he may have ruined our relationship with key middle east allies just to look cool. i'm honestly not sure which is scarier. if he did it on purpose or just to show off.
the world is playing chess while donnie has connect 4.
i never got the, 'let's wait him out and pass what we can in the meantime' mentality the gop seems to have. it's like they could not give any type of shit about our national security. shit could go way wrong real fast, the type of shit that won't only effect the poor or brown people either. the type of bad shit that hurts people indiscriminately.
a blue tidal wave in 2018. that is what it will take.
with a side of "fake news anonymous sources wapo is lamestream liberal media and also the real story here is how did this leak?"
i have never met someone so deeply disturbed into inaction as mccain.
friday news in this administration has been pretty exciting in the sense that nuclear war would be exciting in a certain light.
it's a national security issue. he quite possibly just got our intelligence community cut off from our allies in sharing information.
and the russians are like "i don't believe you. why don't you tell us?"
by far the funniest thing snl has had in months.. and of course it's completely fucking true
is this it? did we get him? oh right, nothing matters anymore.
well, they were already cutting trump's admin off from info, or at least thinking about it...this just confirms that they should. jesus.
can you guys please invade... like seriously, i'll even start liking hockey
~~newton's third law: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.~~ trump's first law: for every action, statement, or tweet, there is an equal and opposite tweet.
they have proof.... and they are exercising more restrain about keeping the details secret than our own president...
president* trump has gone ~~1~~ 0 days without committing an impeachable offense.
up north. not much we can do outside our milk embargo for now, but we all wish you the best of luck. america is a lovely country.
i continue to wonder why the gop risk their careers for this clown when pence would sign every shit bill they lay on his desk.
step 1: get democrats elected to congress. step 2: impeach. can't do step 2 without step 1. mcconnell and ryan have made that perfectly clear. at best, about 30 gop reps would need to go along with the house dems to bring a motion to the floor to do anything. and that's as likely as seeing 3 gop senators vote to make schumer the senate leader.
if mcmaster is covering for trump it is hugely disappointing.
i am a life long republican. i decided about 50 days ago to change parties. i have totally had it with the republican party. i did not vote for trump. he is a dangerous person that is doing this country deep harm. someone needs to do something before he does irreversible harm. and the party is just letting this all happen. it is a disgrace and completely shameful.
probably more like this: trump: "i get great intel." kislyak: "psshh. that's not what obama said, he said you have tiny hands and your intel sucks." trump: "what?! i've got the best intel, believe me. i just can't reveal--" kislyak: "yeah obama said you'd say that. he said you're a little pussy that acts like he has good intel." trump: "that motherfucker!" *proceeds to reveal classified information*
this motherfucker could steal the krabby patty formula and actually get away with it.
i think this might just make the war hawks flip their shit.
don't worry, he's going after canada on softwood, a battle america has lost over and over. but russia is a true friend!
i'd bet you are right on the second guess. he just wants to be loved so much that he would give away the nuclear codes if he got a pat on the back and a "good boy".
reading that trump nuked north korean would actually surprise me **less** at this point.
and you know what? trump will continue to get intelligence reports for the rest of his life as all former presidents do. **he could keep doing this shit for the next 10-15 years if he should live so long.**
i honestly don't know what the tipping point is anymore. he fires comey, then meets with the russians in the oval office, at the request of putin, with one of the guys at the fucking center of the investigation. then trump admits he fired comey regardless of whatever the recommendation from the deputy ag/ag were (not counting that sessions recused himself) because he wanted the investigation into russia to stop. he then threatens comey about "tapes", and now it comes out that he leaked classified info to the fucking russians that we don't share with our allies. what. the. fuck. what else has to happen for the republicans to act?
trump is definitive proof that the government is not involved with bigfoot, ufos, time travel, killing jfk or 9/11. otherwise he'd tell all of us the first chance he got.
hopefully this forces the intelligence agencies into rapid action to get trump the fuck out of the oval office. if they know that the global network of information sharing that they've been developing for the last century is at risk they might look to speed things up a bit.
liberals are finally waking up to what conservatives have known for years; no amount of good argumentation matters if you don't have political power. there's no beautifully written and logically sound essay that's going to take down trump. if you don't vote in every election from dog-catcher to senator, nothing you retweet matters. if he openly and flagrantly breaks the law, but republicans still control all the apparatus it would take to remove him, it doesn't matter. there's nothing he can say, nothing he can do, nothing the damn russia investigation could turn up that will remove him. it takes political power.
wow. i know it isn't illegal, per se, since he as president has the final say on classificiation, but this is huge. i'd give 50/50 odds that this was intentional vs. him being so fucking thick and vain that lavrov charmed it out of him, too.
i imagine lewis black will have decent material soon.
it was a liberal baby with pre-existing conditions.
anxiously awaiting the inevitable "failing washington post" tweet from trump any minute now.
thomas paine was an incredible american. died shunned because he was way before his time in his confrontation with religion.
spicer could quit anytime he wants, and no reasonable person would blame him. every time he steps up to the podium, he's choosing to do this to himself.
john mccain's actions as of lately i haven't been impressed with. though many people forget how much of a hero he is for having gone through this hardship. i really hope he acts responsibly with his reaction to this news.
he'd probably get impeached. but i am dead certain that unless it was an innocent (white) baby on its way back from baptism, a solid ~20% of voters would start making excuses for him.
there's this weird attempt to separate islam from christianity by claiming that even though they're both the god of abraham that islam was actually coopted by a mother religion that worshiped the moon, and that's why they use the crescent moon iconography
this is insanity. not only does he have no clue how bad the russia thing is, he thought it was no big deal just to blab state secrets to a foreign ambassador. i don't know what the technical definition of treason is but this bullshit is more than enough for my standard.
i know you were being sarcastic, but clinton didn't even share classified info. people discussed things that were retroactively labeled classified, but there's no evidence that any of it was hacked or shared with people who weren't supposed to have access to it.
russia is the ally. (in trump's world). our real allies are now second class friends.
thanks. those two statements are clearly irreconcilable. if the unredacted transcript is not published then you know which one is true.
the thing is, there isn't (yet) any indication that this was done *on purpose*. which makes it all the more breath-taking. how on earth can this man be entrusted with our national security if he makes these gob-smackingly amateurish mistakes?
my guess is that buzzfeed news is full of young reporters who are hungry and have nothing to lose. big firms may be still playing the "access journalism" game and don't push too hard.
trump's logic: "you know what i should do to make me look more innocent during a fbi investigation? give classified information to russia"
i could break my own legs with a baseball bat if i want, that doesn't mean it's a good idea.
i doubt it. this is probably a "big move" that they will praise him for
man, trump might be a total disaster and we now probably have a schism where 30% of our country is basically impossible to politically reintegrate into our national fabric, but the one silver lining here is that journalism has stepped up its game 200 fold from just 2 years ago.
well ya see, hillary didn't mean to share classified info but she did, which reveals incompetence. trump *meant* to share classified info, which shows real boldness. /s
seriously. can you imagine if obama did this? or if hillary got elected and immediately leaked information to the russians? they would have been impeached within 24 hours. but republicans don't have standards i guess.
us politics have entered a new chapter in the past year or so that could be titled: **nothing matters anymore**. like you said, trump fires comey, meets with the russians, etc. he brags about sexual assault and his penis size, breaks every rule in the book of presidential campaigns, refuses to disclose his tax returns, and thousands of other things i won't bother with, and he still gets away with it. he has yet to receive punishment. decency? honesty? the constitution? nothing matters anymore. us politics has become *trivial*, a game of pure partisan savagery where scoring points for your team and bending the rules to your benefits are all that matters. the greater good? forget about it. politics has become the hunger games.
no way - he pissed off a gypsy and no matter where he falls asleep he wakes up in virginia 30 minutes before a briefing.
way worse. he just compromised an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation. voluntarily.
i'm not an expert, but this seems to be worse than having an email server that nobody ever appears to have hacked, right?
lifelong liberal here, but i have lots of family that i always considered to be thoughtful, responsible republicans. we could actually have civil discussions and disagreements. i miss republicans like that, and sincerely believe that our democracy is strengthened when there are different viewpoints that have to be sorted out via our electoral process. but the current incarnation of the republican party is just surreal to me. they seem rabidly hateful, dishonest, irrational, fanatic...all really terrifying qualities. i honestly can't understand why or how they got to this place and why they'd allow someone like trump to represent their principles and collective voice. it's caused me to lose a lot of faith in many of my fellow americans. your post cheered me up a tiny bit. best wishes to you
they use their click bait bullshit to pull in money to pay for their news arm they poach serious journalist to build credibility.
un-fucking-real. when are his supporters going to drop this 4d chess bullshit? it sounds like he can't even read... "u.s. officials said that the national security council continues to prepare multi-page briefings for trump to guide him through conversations with foreign leaders but that he has insisted that the guidance be distilled to a single page of bullet points, and often ignores those." really?
it will take a few hours for them to circle the wagons. my prediction is something along the lines of, "the president determines what information is classified, and is allowed to share information with other countries as he sees fit."
what else would you expect from a guy who thinks the human body is like a battery with a finite amount of energy, and when you work out, you are using up that energy and causing yourself to die early.
we are losing the faith of our allies by the hour. hopefully the intelligence community revolts from within.
and he didn't even need to be tortured! fun fact: john mccain is incapable of raising his arms above his head because of the brutal torture he received as a pow. they broke both his arms and didn't set them right.
yes, let's hang up on the pm of australia and refuse to shake merkel's hand, but cozy up to turkey, egypt, and the philippines. i don't want my country's foreign policy dictated by a man who has a hard-on for authoritarians.
a warning issued for saying he disagrees? this is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears, and going "la, la, i'm not listening!"
no need to wait on "soon." i saw lewis black live last month. he's already amassed a treasure trove of material from this shit. i laughed. i cried. i left more disgruntled than ever. good times.
trump *can* declassify anything he wants. it's just the context here makes him **extremely fucking incompetent**.
but every trump supporter will still say "but where's the proof?"
it's really sad that a newspaper has higher respect for classified information than our president does.
we will be fine. this isn't russia, the stakeholders in government won't be murdered. the arms of the government are dealing with this, and while it's going slower than any of us would like, it's actually moving very rapidly. he will destroy himself and the gop is going to get annihilated for years to come over this.
so let me get this right. putin made a special request that trump meet the ambassador, and trump complied. all us media was shut out, but russian media was allowed. and he gave them classified information. ... *sigh*
trump could literally be caught taking a wad of cash from putin in exchange for policy decisions and republicans in congress won't see "reason to investigate." they're all corrupt; they're all craven. vote them out.
the only way to get him to do something is to insist it's the opposite of what obama would do. someone telling him that "obama would be tweeting about this nonstop" would mean a quiet 45. except when it comes to golfing, i guess. seems 45 was just jealous of obama's golf trips and decided that he had to golf ten times harder just to prove superiority.
"a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed" what a world we live in.
yep. he's the only guy in the world who becomes president of the fucking united states of america and is still so insecure he has to brag about the perks of the job.
did..did his advisors and lawyers get him to shut the fuck up and not draw attention to a forthcoming wapo piece?
his approval rating with the republican base has to get so catastrophically low enough that cooperating with him hurts their chances of passing their agenda of tax cuts for the wealthy and eliminating social programs and the epa. it's still in the upper 80s. even when nixon resigned (under pressure by a democratic congress) his approval rating among republicans was still ~55.
the democrats need to come out and say that they are basically going to keep a list of every single piece of legislation that the gop passed before they decided to turn on trump, and that when the democrats retake control of congress and the white house, they are going to repeal every single last piece of legislation the gop passed.
same here. i was hoping to quit this addiction after hillary wins election and life goes to normal. several treasons later i'm still here
this news in 1997: holy shit! this news in 2002: world war is coming. this news in 2012: potus is killing america. this news in 2017: i guess it's monday.
despite the bunch of comments below saying they don't like trudeau. i think he's already done a lot of good things and overall like the way he's taking our country. i didn't vote for him, and he's made some decisions i disagree with but i think he's doing a really good job compared to either of the alternatives at the moment. if there were another election today, trudeau would probably win again.
he had been awfully quiet given the ongoing bad headlines. i was expecting daily tweetstorms. wonder if this was why spicey was so subdued today.
yeah. right before the end of humanity they put on a nice flourish!
well put. this was probably israel or jordan, but at this point, who on earth would share sources/methods with us intelligence, knowing trump might compromise them.
guys, help. i'm full-on addicted to american politics and i'm not even from your country. wapo might as well be crack with a subscription service.
people were saying this shit during the campaign. that he's totally unstable and cannot be trusted with information like that. but whatever, emails, i guess.
"allowed" starts to lose it's meaning when talking about clandestine foreign affairs of sovereign countries. allowed or not, however, there will certainly be consequences to the united states for doing this.
i'm a canadian living here. it's... quite the experience. i feel like i'm on a plane slowly divebombing into the ocean and i'm looking at my passport like it's a goddamn eject seat going "now? do i wait? how late is too late before i get the fuck out?"
i wonder what carlin would say if he were still around to witness all this. i know that it would be hysterical, if nothing else.
and here's the kicker; it was entirely unprompted. lavrov was probably standing there, mouth agape, at what this blithering idiot offered up totally on his own.
if this is true and not mischaracterized. lets be real. any trump supporter that is not saying "lock him up" - cares more about their party winning than the country.
i don't know where you're from but help us, please.
i actually don't know what it's gonna take anymore.
my favorite from the soccer sketch is: "that man's nose must be *absolutely* devastated! it's gonna look like a witch that flew her broom into her nose and then crashed into a hammer!"
i swear the commentators make these sketches so much funnier. the soccer one is great too.
to be honest, i'll keep the snail locked up but accessible if i want it. what if i ever get bored of living? i need a way out.
this is what i thought as well. this isn't a downer ending, the entire film is a fricking downer
i'm sorry but garlic and onions are *not* fucking "optional".
i got fired from my families nathans for telling an old lady i'd punch her in the face if she spit at me. we rented space at a wal-mart and the district manager heard the half of the conversation where i threatened an old lady. he called my dad who owned it and told him his half of the story and that they needed to fire that employee or they'd break the lease. that was a bad day.
there's this scene in hot fuzz where someone slips and falls with his chin on a miniature church. when grosses out by the scene, my father casually mentioned he once saw his neighbour slip and fell with her chin on one of these iron fences.
the thing is, you've probably seen a hundred videos of dancers who are a lot more skilled. dancers doing utterly baffling moves. but none of them has the style of mj. he was magical.
yeah man, surviving heat death is a major problem. as smart as that presumably malevolent snail is, it can't communicate. having it tossed into a reasonably sized metal ball that you secretly keep with you at all times means it isn't likely to be opened without your consent. since it's with you, you don't risk losing it and accidentally surviving eternity. dying early because the snail found a way out sucks, sure, but floating in space alone sucks way more.
i thought that was the point of slice-of-life anime.
"he's like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot." is my personal favourite.
i worked at a grocery store when i was young and heard something very similar. guy behind be customer service counter yelled "i don't make enough to keep me on this side of the counter!" at this super bitchy woman, things got very heated after that. lots of yelling back and forth while the whole store just stopped and watched.
on top of that, if the snail is so smart, why can't it be reasoned with? it is sentient after all, and i'm sure the snail doesn't want to be thrown into a black hole...
ok jesus christ, even after knowing how it's done from the op, i still can't read his feet movements. i believe he was magical... period...
right? also, i could totally see that getting made into a movie, that is crazy that he found her again.
i swear i had a guy imitating him at work the other day. i went up to a table and asked for their order and he asked for ribs. i asked what kind of potato he wanted and he goes "potato?" so i explain (because a lot of people don't know the ribs come with a potato) and he's still confused so i say "you know... baked, fries, or even rice." and that's when the realization hits.
i have blueberry, raspberry, ginseng, sleepy time, green tea, green tea with lemon, green tea with lemon and honey, liver disaster, ginger with honey, ginger without honey, vanilla almond, white truffel, blueberry chamomile, vanilla walnut, constant comment and earl grey. ... i'll just make some sleepy time
sounds like what he needed was to gtfo the town he was in.
i am not familiar with us laws, but how would a pre-nup work in this case? could he have protected most of his assets?
yea but they couldn't give it pants? they had to go all check out my cup of balls and this cup of noodles.
why do they all go to pay.reddit? what is pay.reddit?
my neighbor won 18 million. he was older, and his wife had died years previously. he was a very low key millionaire. he lived in a modest, unkempt house. the only thing i saw him buy was a new truck. he was lonely, and married a waitress at his favorite diner. soon after she filed for divorce to get half of his money. he was tied up in courts for years. i moved not long after, so am not sure what the outcome was. i felt bad for the guy.
was this real? surely it can't be, you have to specifically choose a picture which it then shows you before you upload no? please let this be real :')
hey! thank you for thinking enough of this to pull it out and show people. you've put a smile on my face and a spring in my step.
fuck man that's crazy. i never imagined winning the lottery was like that.
japanese mma fighter doing a pose during one of the fight press conferences before the actual fight. cup o noodles man, a brand by nissin, is paying the mma for advertising space.
i was waiting for it to freeze, turn black and white, and the text "dog running on lake productions" to appear.
probably. he was older, and naive. he was lonely and thought she loved him. i'm not sure if the courts sided with him or not. either way, it sucks to have someone you love divorce you for your money, and tie you up in court so you can't enjoy the money/time you have left.
no kidding. a 3 bed 1 bath one story "fixer upper" (read: no one is looking at the structure because it's being torn down the day the place sells) goes for 2 million on my street
i live in nyc. im just going to ride the bus looking for situations like this everyday now.
this may be the best financial advice for when you accidentally gain a large amount of money.
that's a very cool story! are you still in contact with the girl?
i can't find it but it was an askreddit question about which actor/actress were secretly gay. all answers were *tom cruise*.
i used to do this as a bouncer all the time. it's so easy. "you wanna go? let's take it outside!" i raise my hand in an "after you" type motion, they walk outside and i pull the door shut and latch it. they'd go ape shit, but they'd do it outside while i smiled a big cheesy grin. it seriously even worked right after you were just trying to get them to leave. "you need to leave." "i'm not leaving. make me." "go outside." "fuck you, i can take you." "you wanna go? ok, let's go. outside." "alright!" they walk outside. i shut the door and latch it. it was so easy to sucker these meatheads. i was always amazed that what i was saying would barely change. i'd say "go outside" and they'd say "no". but if i offered to fight them then said "go outside" they totally would. i wasn't even saying "let's fight", i was saying "you wanna go?" and they heard what they wanted to. suckers.
not gonna lie, this helped me explain why i fell for so many of my female friends, even if it's just for a little bit. spot on.
one is the loneliest number! two tickets to paradise! three times the ladies! *fooooooooo*rever young!
can confirm all about whittaker. source: was my neighbor.
if i had anxiety issues i'm pretty sure some of those would give me a panic attack.
yeah, i find that as i become more familiar with any particular girl i just generally find them more attractive over time, even if upon first meeting them i may have thought otherwise.
it would be very easy to determine if it is a decoy snail or not. just walk around it. if it continues to follow you (like it is required to at all times), then you know it is the real snail. if it doesn't then its just a normal snail.
what if the real snail paid the decoy to follow him around?
wait a second... this isn't funny or nsfw but i like it
every so often, i'll wake up with a few dozen notifications and have that, "what did i post before sleeping?!" moment. always nice to see that it's the ulysses bucket list spreading!
i remember that. starts off as a cool guide to making a giant chocolate egg, ends with "i don't know wtf i'm doing."
the idea that he has a bottle of water and a seat is the most amazing thing about this video.
floating in space alone for eternity. not like end of the universe eternity but even when space and time are no longer things you would still be there. where there is i have no idea but that sounds absolutely horrifying. i think i'd keep the snail in an accessible location, absurdly secured but still accessible for when the universe becomes so inhospitable i will want to leave it.
so you're saying use the dog method of "wanna go outside?" to stop meatheads
you know what makes me sad. everyone kept coming up with ways to box the snail in or kill it or trap it. it never says the snail has to kill you, and if it's super intelligent enough to understand me, then i'd sit down at a safe distance with the snail, talk to it and let it know that while i could be an asshole and box it up, i'd rather spend my money investing in giving it the best snail life possible. i mean, it wouldn't even cost that much. snail is happy, i'm happy.
one of those "came here for the funny porn but learned how to make stir fry" kinda threads.
thank you for showing this to me. i had to share this with my so. she's always dwelling on the fact that i wasn't in love with her from the first day we met. i want to remind her that even though the love wasn't immediate, it is eternal.
i am just sharing stuff i found on reddit. i take no credit for writing the comment or the question. the guy that wrote it got 74 months of gold for it so he still has a few years left from just that comment alone, not counting if he got gold from any other comment since then.
eh, it used to be the secure version of reddit when reddit was not https and i just copied these links from an old post.
and i still wonder why they thought it was a good idea to play with a dildo in a playground.
can't wait to upvote this 17 different times later this week.
the mirrored text brought this to a different level.
what. didnt this have like 19000 upvotes? how come its at 7000 now?
leaking? we humans do not leak with our fleshy, organic coating containing any necessary fluids.
as much as i hate him, u/gallowboob is one of the more healthy karma whores for the site. he produces oc.
i like reposts. it's sometimes fun to see a raccoon lose his cotton candy or a kangaroo get punched by an aussie or a comic of a dog finding out he's a good boy.
hey pp, so how does it feel to have the number 1 post on reddit ever? you should do an ama.
stupid question: how are people making the captions float with the movement in the frame? is it a plugin for after effects or something?
it says, "we gotta make him a real redditor!" for anyone wondering.
what's with the 4,000 downvotes in the last few hours
saw this at 20,000 upvotes and now it's at 9,000 :( does anyone know where it peaked?
he's now employed by unilad, which is a company (?) that (mostly) steals reddit content and reposts to facebook. makes perfect sense, really.
i need a ... *god-damn* ... jan michael vincent over here!
there's only enough time for a jan michael vincent to make it to.. a quadrant. he can't be in two quadrants at once.
i was here. and i will be the last one the ever comment on this post!
this is like the 5th post i've seen in a week over 10k. reddit is either bigger than ever, or hive-mindier than ever. or, more likely, both. oh, and don't get me wrong, this is a great post; i upvoted too.
iirc from the comics, its a new groot but he retains all his memories from past groots.
reposts help people who missed the content the first time get a chance to see it. what we need are reposts that give credit to the original posts. give credit where credit is due.
doesn't that mean he might have clones everywhere and not know it?
i'll never be able to see what it is because it never loads for me.
one of the highest i've seen in my 9yrs of redditing. also, what am i doing with my life.
so this wins right? this gif just won reddit. all of it.
this post was well over 10000 upvotes and now it's 5000, so who are the children that downvote? honestly i'm surprised people defend themselves as being reposters this way
great job, op. i can't wait to see how may reposts this gets with your watermark.
in the comics, it's the former. he can regrow from a single twig, and from context (conversations with rocket, mainly) it seems like he maintains all of his former memories when he does this.
someone said it is an algorithm to drop old content off of popular sub
iirc, in the comics, he's basically able to regenerate from a single twig, so it'd be the same one. however in the comics the process is only supposed to take a few hours or so, and it appears to be taking substantially longer in the movie-verse, so it might be more of a sapling sort of situation.
i'm still a bit confused, is baby groot the same groot but a new spawn? or did the og groot die and this is sapling is sort of his son?
water/flying (or did you leave out the /s i honestly dont know)
well that depends. who are you? are you a physical body, a personality and memories, or a combination of both? if you're mind was transferred into a new body would it still be you? i once saw a documentary that dealt with this by robert schneider called "the hot chick." i recommend you check it out. the chick from the notebook is in it.
why are people so hesitant and afraid to give op credit in their reposts anyway? do they think that will reduce their karma somehow?
power points. he can only use fire blast 5 times (or 8 if he used specific drugs)
welp, looks like i found my new series to watch thanks to you two
that's a strange way of doing it when they could just weigh the votes but still keep the "approximately this many people upvoted it" metric somewhat useful.
why does every comment have fucking at least 20 upvotes???
seriously, it's at 19k now?! i'm posting here just to make history.
yeah that's why i'm here lol. wanted to see how high the top post was at now.
i fucking hate karma decay, its a nonsense way of keeping the front page fresh, but if people are still that happy with this post it should not be decayed until people are fucking done with it. doesn't exactly motivate people to contribute to this shit system.
the longer a post is up reddit removes up votes. it's to prevent one post from always being at the top of r/all
eh, do we know for sure that vol 2 takes place more than a few hours after the first one? i haven't seen anything to suggest a significant amount of time has passed.
after reading your comment i watched it like 6 more times and i still don't see it. where is it?
yeah we don't know how long it's been. though i hope they change things for the movie. baby groot is an adorable character, and fans would be bummed if he fully "grew up" pretty early in the film
how'd this go from 22k upvotes down to 15k upvotes??
yeah but 20k? 10k is definitely impressive but 20k is insane.
is reddit where thechive gets its employees as well? content is definitely taken from here.
this has gone from 21000 upvotes, to 17000, now it's at 11000
couldnt remember. thought he was dragon/water due to the fact he looks like the way japanese and other asian cultures detail their dragons as flying snakes
i didn't realize how much i missed groot until now.
dude, you're going to get murdered one of these days. your feel-good story about feeling comfortable there changes nothing. this isn't about prejudice-you have literal crackheads barging into your house. put those bars up or get a gun or something.
i was struggling a few months back with just feeling utterly, cosmically insignificant. i listened to that song on loop for like a week. the lyrics about the rock on top of the mountain and "looking through heaven's eyes" really helped me out. i think i came through the other side quite changed for the positive as a person. :)
anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation. there's not much difference there.
uh, that sounds nice and all, but you sound like a very comedic murder victim.
not sure if you'll read this, but i'm now in the "hood" (though.. it's really not even close to the hood of my city) and i've realized the problems are caused by kids.. not by adults. anyone that's living in their own place or even with roommates has shit to do so they keep to themselves . it's the neighborhood kids with nothing to do out getting into trouble.
i am glad op had such a good experience but much like you, i had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". there was a general rule in the town i lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. they were right. one time i came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. another time, i came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. there were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. when kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. great for op to have had a good experience but i refuse to go through this again so i will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on.
i just spent a year in a bad neighborhood. i am much more frightened now.
it's a numbers game. op just hasn't been there long enough for the shit to hit yet. one night that homeless vagrant wandering into his backyard will be balls deep in a schizo episode with knife in hand. op yelling out will just be a taunt. one night that light above his drive will go out and never be replaced, suddenly making his corner of the street enticing. the 'bad' areas aren't constant doom and gloom, but the doom comes suddenly and without hesitation far more often than it does in the burbs.
it's funny when people think they need to feed cats
this is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. i live cincinnati and just north of downtown in otr is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that i would definitely call safe, but i would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district
dude i live in a big city (~1m people) known for its homeless and very mild weather, and when i'm out running at night and i see anyone who isn't easily identifiable as "not weird", i move to the other side of the street. the fact you're chilling with the homeless is mind boggling to me. like, i don't mean i think it's disgusting, just that i don't think i ever could do it.
sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. that's the difference.
this is a basic, though understandable, misreading of the conservative position. most conservatives won't phrase their position as "fuck the poor." many support private charity initiatives. it's just that (a) they don't trust the government to be the one to help, and (b), they think welfare programs actually trap the poor in a cycle. it's the difference between buying a kid a candy bar and telling him to do some chores for his allowance (of course, this example only works if there are actually chores for him to do).
i think op admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. used to run a pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). when he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him.
this is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs i've heard. desperate people do desperate things. it's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community?
i guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. i'm in a similar situation- i moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! i never have any trouble and i can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. living the dream.
it's not just perspective though, i think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods. op lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. i lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. during those days, anyone who i spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. by the time i moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live. it's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. it's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs.
assuming you are male? wondering if your gf feels any different? when i first moved to la, i lived in a very low income/homeless area. hardly a day went by without being catcalled, followed and talked to wanting my number or money etc., basically i had to be on higher alert of my surroundings at all times. not to mention the van i drove at the time was broken into countless times and was stripped to almost bare bones inside. i now have a spouse (also female) and a kid and need to move. the only thing in our price range takes us back to these types of areas...maybe i need to find something more 'neighborhood-y'? anyways, just curious on your gf's perspective when she would be out and about on her own.
"fuck you i got mine". a lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way.
we moved back to l.a. four years age, and moved into a "bad" neighborhood, and one that is more ethnically diverse than i had lived in before. in the first two and a half years, we had a home invasion and a drive-by shooting that left a 9mm hole in my neighbor's front window and one in the front door of the building, the door that my family used to go in and out of several times a day. also, i had a lot of my belongings in a storage unit because we were short on space. the unit was broken into and all my things were stolen. a house across the street went up in a huge inferno because the people were living in pack rat conditions. on july 4 the neighborhood is like a war zone because of all the m80s. we saved up and moved to a nice neighborhood that is much less diverse and have been much happier since. i tried to like it but it was horrible. i have nightmares about people breaking into my house now.
some homeless people are ok. my friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. they chose the life they lead. others were probably insane. many homeless are veterans with psychological issues. just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why i would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions.
i totally agree. poverty created by serious drug addictions is a lot different than traditionally poor neighborhoods. in the former situation, people are probably roaming around at 3 am because they are dying of withdrawal symptoms and would do anything just to get the money in your pocket. it's sad, but that puts you in a compromising decision. i know a lot of people who have been robbed because they tried to help with something they just couldn't.
i had a bit of the opposite experience - within a year of moving into a low-income section of a new city, i had my car ransacked, my laundry stolen from my apartment complex, and one of my windows smashed in by an angry homeless man while i was driving my car. i had never known this sense of violation and fear before. i'd like to think that i haven't developed paranoia, just better street smarts. all car valuables are well-hidden. i don't walk alone in certain areas anymore. i've got a gas-cap lock, a home motion detector, and pepper spray. i still believe in the goodness of the human spirit, but i've also learned that desperate circumstances drive people to be awful to each other.
could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? for the homeless or the homeowners? legal action like... foreclosure? divorce?
real talk, op doesn't live in the ghetto. listening to the media talk about ferguson, mo like it was compton was infuriating. if you think ferguson is ghetto than martin luther king and north garrison will make your hair stand up.
where i grew up the dude coming through the woods would rob you and the stray cat would have been killed either with boiling water or a pit bull.
i just read through all of this, an i can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome guys.
i found a genuine smile to be one of the most disarming things in the ghetto. as a white guy with an angry face, everyone always expected the worst from me. but if i flash a shit eating grin, i can get most people to smile. that said i also had the fun of moving into an area where i was the white guy who lived in the area. i don't think there was another white person for blocks. but the worst i would ever get is glared at, and only when i was out with my (black) wife. a lot of older black guys still have a real problem with interracial relationships, which was something i didn't realize before hand
i've lived in lower class neighborhoods my whole life. i've recently started a new job and moved to a middle-class suburb, and it's so much nicer here. no more being woken up at 3am by a gang of rowdy skangers coming home from the pub. no more wondering if i'm going to be mugged while walking through the nacker estate. the overall fitness, hygiene, attractiveness, and manners of everyone here is so much higher.
of course the locals aren't robbing/murdering you. you ever heard of the phrase "don't shit on your own doorstep"?
i fucking love that movie. it has an awesome soundtrack.
there is a lyric from the prince of egypt movie (wait wait...stay with me) that goes "when all you've got is nothing g,there's a lot to go around." i've always liked that lyric and i feel it is more or less true. there is a stark difference when hanging out with a bunch of "lower class" people vs. "upper class". it's so prevalent that there are plenty of hollywood movies that touch on this very idea.
that's awesome. that's what we're hoping for. right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. thankfully she doesn't even surgery. it's been as mild as i could have hoped for.
don't know about you, but every poor person i've ever met was poor.
a homeless person didn't "show up at his back door", they were walking through the woods.
honestly the difference between a "good neighborhood" and a "bad neighborhood" is less to do with income and more to do with how vigilant and willing people are when it comes to assisting catching lawbreakers. the neighborhoods people don't mind shooting people in broad daylight, they know they can do so with impunity because snitches get stitches in that area.
they're not puppies. if he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it.
homeless people showing up at my back door at 3am is exactly what i'd refer to as "the bad part of town".
a lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. it gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. i have been mistaken for indian, hispanic, and black, so i frequently feel the side eye.
as someone who adopted oakland as her home...nah, it's amazing here. i wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world. it's amazingly diverse, everyone smokes weed, and there's so much culture and creativity. also, not all parts of oakland are "bad". it is gentrifying rapidly, which is certainly cause for concern, but i absolutely love this city.
same. within 6 months 1. my car was robbed 3 times. 2. my apartment was robbed twice. 3. i had a knife pulled on me. 4. i had a gun pulled on me. 5. people tried to sell me xanax, dope, coke, crack, meth (outside my house) that being said, i still couldn't really give a fuck about any of it. i've got no problem going back to that area because i refuse to let the actions of a few garbage human beings control my life
but it's also true. there's loads of mean rich people, the same way there are rich poor people. i think it comes down to changing your personal circle, becoming someone else to only "better" yourself so that a circle of peers that you deem better than the one you are currently in accepts you. be it money or social status, some people are assholes, and will put others down to get ahead of other people.
i really hope there is some getting used to it. i'v been living in a predominantly upscale suburb for most of my upbringing and now i live in santa ana, ca. the local people seem to be okay but most most wear a mean mug, resting bitch face or stare me down as i smile at them. hopefully i'll get used to it, today is only day 4.
money won't make you happy but a lack of it will really suck ass.
ya.... i've lived in bad parts and ok and really good parts. what op describes is the ok parts that might be next to the bad parts. it is good that this is opening them up, but op might not want to look into other bad parts that might be worse :)
lmao holy shit you're crazy. i'd do it with an elevator... not stairs or a ladder.
yeah, all those stories are quite in keeping with the compton stereotypes i've learned via hollywood. i don't think we have it quite that bad in atlanta.
as someone who has been homeless wealthier neighborhoods are far more dangerous and your far more likely to lose your belongings due to legal actions than you are to get them stolen in a poor neighborhood. of course in wealthier neighborhoods the people that get violent tend to feel they are legally justified to do so, but the danger is still greater. the people in poor neighborhoods are far nicer people to each other and the homeless stranger. though i have had to distance myself from a few places due to theft of my bags of aluminum cans and other belongings, not even the druggies are really dangerous. the rare exceptions are easily identified. mexican neighborhoods, in my experience, are the absolute best in every way. even the kids come running over with cold drinks and asking all sorts of kid questions.
i get that you want to show us how the bad neighborhood isn't really that bad but you included a crack head literally forcing your door open and entering your home. whatever his intentions, that ain't normal. the totally innocent "oops, got the wrong house" doesn't include smashing open the door. i know that you and the crack heads are cool. but keep in mind that sometimes you're dealing with the drug, not the person. when drugs and addiction are involved, people do not always behave rationally or predictably. it doesn't make them bad people, of course. but be careful. "you can turn your back on a person. but never turn your back on a drug." - hst.
sometimes poor people are all other poor people got. also, totally dig the username. i just finished the new season myself. awesome.
there's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the us. i was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood i realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. black, hispanic, or indian. and my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. it's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. economic class is everything.
it's just perspective. i moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. in the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. it's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. everyone i talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. i think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. so i wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. though there are certain areas on the outskirts that i wouldn't want to go late at night.
i've always heard about the rough parts in cali like compton, etc, and i have always assumed the stereotypes are true. but i've got a friend who works for google and he's moving out to silicon valley to work for some new startup. made me wonder - are the rough parts of cali really that rough? or are they just poorer and less white than the extremely rich and gentrified surrounding areas? maybe i'd be singing a different tune if the neighborhood i'm living in were actually bad. maybe the residents of the atlanta area don't otherize one another as strictly as other, less integrated cities. people think that the south is full of racist rednecks, but if you're within 30 miles of atlanta then the only n word you hear a white person call someone is "neighbor," for the most part. i went to high school in a suburb of atlanta fifteen plus years ago. it was absolutely not cool to say racist shit. move thirty miles in any direction and racism is just a matter of course.
tree streets, around here. pine, elm, ceder, etc.
my daughter has a very very mild club foot. when she was born it was all twisted and on its side. broke my heart. we're extremely lucky that we have a shriners hospital here in town, not only that but we know a ton of the doctors there. her foot is getting better and on the fast track to being totally normal. however my point is, if you want or need to readjust your perspective go to children's hospital.
i'm not trying to describe the republican party. i'm trying to describe the actions of the elected republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal republican base tends to exhibit.
so, i'm not really living a neighborhood of absolute squalor. many of my neighbors may have subsidized housing and others might depend on social welfare programs. some of my neighbors smoke crack and others deal it on the side. but these aren't people that are on the verge of homelessness. some actually own their units. they might get the power or water cut off every other month, but they aren't about to be on the street. that probably makes all the difference.
is it not a problem that the homeless people keep coming back every night if you help them once? that's what i would find annoying.
so i have club feet, too. i just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. i had surgeries, i had the casts, and i had the special shoes. i barely remember all of that. as an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. heck, i barely remember myself! it only really comes up when i run too far or swim too much. and even then its only pain like what i imagine arthritis is like. heck, i even ran a half marathon! ...thought i'll never do that again!
it's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". i worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. there is constant crime, people are on the community fb page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, i mean it's insane.
i'm so glad you're doing better! i'm not at all a religious person but i have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community.
yup, that's the prejudice you'll likely face. and if you ever complain about being unfairly judged for your family wealth you can expect to hear very little sympathy. this is not fair. you might not ever live a life wherein you need worry about where your next meal is coming from. but wealth brings about all sorts of other problems that your average person never has to deal with, im sure. in the end, we are all just worm food. the struggle to live a good and useful life is not restricted to the non-wealthy.
i grew up in a bad neighborhood. i've always maintained that its not so bad as long as you know how to protect yourself and your things. things like leaving the tv or the radio on when you leave the house, staying alert while walking in the street while no looking scared; makes all the difference. to this day i never have more then 1 headphone in at a time. the worst thing to happen to me was a kid snatched my phone once. i chased him but fucker was fast and i had on heels.
thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. i see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst i think they're up to is smoking weed. that's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. we were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. lucky no one died.
perhaps. my next door neighbor sells weed. a couple weeks ago i answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. i told them they were looking for sha'niece next door. they thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "oh, i wouldn't, why did you even? what? no. don't worry." i replied. then i realized he only said that because i am white. it was the first time i was a victim of prejudice. i was pretty excited. it was just like when i got my first pimple. i was so stoked to oxycute it.
it has always been my assertion it's not a racial prejudice but a cultural prejudice that plagues humanity.
@altxatu: we just found out, around noon today, via sonogram, that our daughter (my first) might have a club foot. i haven't posted to reddit in years. but i'm writing now, with tears in my eyes, to thank you for your little story, lifting our broken hearts. god bless you!
the thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. you get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go.
the opposite was true for me sadly. :( when i moved to the "bad" neighborhood, i got my car broken into twice, my apartment door lock was forced once, and and i got robbed once someone came in through the window, all this in a two year span. i don't know how old you are, but it sounds very young and naive, i'm guessing you are in your 20s. even on the shittiest town on any western country, most of the people are good people. doesn't mean there are risks and dangers associated with living there.
yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. i think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here.
that's humbling to read. now you've got me blushing. what i said is simply the truth - as i see it. and i can easily and honestly reply that there are too few people like you in this world. take a moment to allow yourself to be self-indulgent and explore the truth in that statement and blush too. there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a pat on the back here and there. sometimes it's the only encouragement you'll ever receive to keep you moving forward. be kind to yourself. it sounds simple, but it's not.
regardless, i'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house.
i'm sorry but if there was a murder at a gas station it is dangerous. you should be a bit more careful. it may be fine to help the homeless but on your property at your house you're inviting trouble. you could get robbed or attacked or end up having your place be the new homeless shelter (unless that's what you want). yes, i agree most people who live in low-income housing shouldn't be judged poorly and may be great people. nevertheless, you should never fuck around with your safety, especially when there are murders in the area.
i know! i don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." the fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me.
as someone who has participated in the planning and tactical side of things, they have to have a plan. rushing a building full of civilians and getting in a call of duty style gun battle would make things infinitely worse. people won't just stay down, you'd have gun fire, people running for cover, running right through the line of fire, the gunman just starts blindly firing, things really go south. 3 hours seems forever, when you armchair qb it, but from initial call, to resolution is an acceptable span of time in my mind.
his parents weren't. media likes controversy, don't forget. next week is going to be really shitty for me -.-
the gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. they didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious.
i wonder what the police tactics were on this one? i hear the gunman took hostages and started executing. i'll be so pissed if it's a repeat of columbine where the police waited outside for hours while those kids were getting executed.
i strongly suspect this is an isis-fan terrorism attack. he probably had no actual ties to isis, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy.
i feel bad for all the nice people who get tangled up in this shit.
i would say he wasn't thinking of the other people. he wanted to keep the shooter away from him.
my brother was club hopping and was on his way there but stopped to get some food with friends, he was five minutes away before it happened but decided to go home instead. it's so fucking crazy how close some things are to being completely different, i'm so grateful.
an off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 am. two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff.
obama sounded tired, defeated and almost numb to this type of situation.
thanks. fwiw we do have "newsworthy" megathreads here time to time, hence the specific flair and purple coloring in the header. robin williams passing was our first "breaking news" megathread, with muhammad ali passing being the most recent. there's also a link in the sidebar allowing you to filter only breaking news stories (along with our other flairs like "serious" and "modposts").
as an american who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. i am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in paris.
"hey man, i know this looks bad but you'll be fine. you just gotta keep your head up."
it breaks my heart that pride month will always have this bleak reminder of how much more we have to fight for. this was a vile homophobic act by a maniac. my heart goes out to the families and friends of those who were murdered, and everyone involved. i hope they find peace amongst the pain.
so like a homing beacon of badassitude and honor. for real, whenever shit hits the fan, standing near brown people with cool hats always seems to be the wise choice.
it's now officially the worst shooting in us history. :(
i'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. you see a lot of shit in 8 years as prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck"
russia got a lot of shit for the (likely) carfentanil / remifentanil gas used in the moscow theater hostage crisis of ~~2012~~ 2002. the gas itself was probably responsible for the deaths of many hostages, but a coordinated response team with naltrexone / medics with bag masks, especially in a young, relatively healthy population (not the food / water deprived hostages in the moscow theater), could become a viable strategy, especially if the assumption is going to be that hostages will die anyway.
can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. i mean when i get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that i think it might be. but as president of the united states oh my god could be anything.
i'm not even trying to be insensitive. as a gay man, this is terrifying to me. it's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend.
should we random acts of pizza the blood donation centers?
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. shame.
unfortunately, it's looks like swat waited outside for over 3 hours while he executed everyone inside. they said it was a hostage situation while people inside were sending out texts that he was rounding up and killing everyone.
according to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. i'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence.
i'm sure amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea
how do you claim your isis mega-reward when you're dead?
i assume the families didn't have to pay the tickets right?
the shooting at pulse is devastating. two of my friend's family members were there and thankfully got out (one of them was shot, but will be ok). if you are in the orlando area, please consider donating blood. they are in desperate need of o positive, o negative, and ab plasma blood donors.
mods started nuking everything once fbi confirmed he was muslim.
throwing out the baby with the bathwater. gays, guns, muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm.
well that was officially the most reluctant upvote i've ever given.
we could always order stuff from amazon prime now for them. get them what they need.
the shooter's father has apparently said that he had become angry after seeing two guys kiss in miami. so yeah, seems like he hates gays and this was a hate killing.
this is something i had never even considered and it gives me chills to think about it
my best friend lives right around the corner from pulse and spent the night hiding in her closet because she was hearing gunfire but didn't know where it was coming from or what was going on. i can't even imagine how terrifying it must have been for everyone there.
i feel like there really is no "right" thing to do in that situation, especially given the fact that you would be in save my ass mode. i don't how i feel about it, but i can definately see rationale.
cookies come to mind. and if you're in the area, you can make those! my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this.
seriously, i first saw this on facebook after being on reddit for 30 minutes. that's never happened before.
i'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism.
sadly, we know too well what you're going through.
they weren't at first. the story was on the front page when it started to come out but as soon as they found out who the shooter was they started censoring the hell out of everything.
i live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, i'm glad your friend is safe.
i think i will. prime now can deliver in 2 hours. even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials. this can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly.
i think the team at orlando regional medical center deserve some recognition here. my hat goes off to anyone working there during the time this tragic event was occurring, especially the nurses and surgeons. it takes a lot of gut to be able to keep cool and perform your duties on people so frightened, while under the stress of knowing that people have already died as a result of the event. stay strong everyone.
it's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency.
was reading about this about 2 hours ago, went to do other things, my friend told me the death toll is up to 50 now, went back on reddit to read about it and had to keep scrolling down and down and down...
i agree 100% r/news is now dead. worst censorship scandal ever.
my guess is that they delete any comment mentioning islam. only a guess, though. can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments.
please make sure your friend knows that there are *many, many* americans -- including in places where he might least expect to find them -- who understand that not all muslims subscribe to the isis interpretation of islam in the same way there are many christians who do not subscribe to the beliefs of those so-called christians who would discriminate against the lgbtq community.
that is a *great* recommendation that i never would have thought of.
i love how the character in the graphic is standing there awkwardly like 'so....yeah'
i'm glad you're safe. something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... i couldn't even imagine.
news said a police officer opened fire on him as he was going into the club at around 3am, they didn't go in after him until 5am because he had hostages. meanwhile accounts are coming out from inside saying during this time he was lining people up killing them anyways. 2 hours wasted while people still being killed.
probably is. how many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? gotta get disheartening
not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. if you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks.
i live about 45 minutes from orlando and have sooooo many friends who frequent this nightclub. i am praying right now. not sure if any of them were there during this, but such a horrible moment...
still unable to locate my friend. i've called the hotline set up and had a friend drive to the hamptons inn where family center is set up and they are still not releasing any information at this time. i've called orlando regional and other hospitals and i get nothing.
while it's too early to tell, i'd lean towards that was part of their mo last night.
angry about two guys kissing in miami? you may as well get angry about the sun shining in miami. what a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch.
i'm sad to say the death toll in this one is probably not finished. the trauma surgeon at ormc said he expects to see that number climb throughout the day; many of the victims transported to the hospital were in very critical condition.
"honestly, if i were two-faced, would i be showing you this one?" - abraham lincoln in response to an accusation by stephen douglas
so i imagine that obama will give a televised speech about this shooting some time today? it would make sense since this shooting is now (unfortunately) historic in its death toll.
he honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. it's something i really admire about him. especially when he spoke about sandy hook, i felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president.
it seems as though every time this event comes up on reddit, i learn of a new thing to bring me to tears, but somehow this did me in worse than anything ever has. the thought of being a firefighter, and knowing what that sound is, standing there and hearing so many of them, and you're totally helpless. i just cannot imagine what that must have felt like.
people will say "you can't blame them." but i am totally blaming them.
thanks for your kindness. we need to stick together.
god that is awful. i'm glad you and your friend are okay. what happened today was terrible, i hope we can one day live in a world where these kinds of tragedies don't occur. i definitely can't relate the kind of fear the victims and their loved ones must have felt, but i hope they can get through this.
for real. i was talking to a sikh guy in my area once, and he told me that sikhs wear turbans and keep small knives (kirpans) as an indicator to those around them that the sikhs are there to help those in need.
for anyone who is in florida and was considering donating blood or plasma, come back on tuesday to your local blood drives since they have already reached the need volume for today. so come back on tuesday when the next round is needed.
correct, i believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time.
apparently he pledged to isis just before this. also, ramadan just started, and isil leaders are proclaiming mega-rewards to anyone who does acts like these during this time.
did [edited to remove name], that dumb fucking son of a bitch, not understand that this is going to make people at large *more* sympathetic to homosexuals and *less* sympathetic to muslims? it's not even the horrific, utterly senseless loss of life, it's that even from his perspective, his actions will have the complete opposite effect of what he set out to do in the longer run. he wasn't just an evil fucking idiot, he was an *incompetent* evil fucking idiot. my sympathies go out to everyone affected by such a horrible tragedy. love yourself and each other.
if you didn't, i sent off a couple emails to amazon linking your comment with the urging that they at least research the possibility of implementing this. i hope you have as well, i feel we aren't the only people who would help.
donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on.
i can see they're actively removing threads for it...
people think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates. when lincoln and douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both.
to be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, i'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake
i literally live 300 feet from the club. went out of town for the weekend to visit my family and woke up to this madness. it's insane.
i remember reading a similar description after the paris attacks, i think. it's inevitable in this age of communication ease & social media and it's so sad how many of those calls and messages will never get an answer.
holy shit. that's so incredibly fucked up of them.
target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in south downtown did the same.
this is incredibly sad. this is the deadliest us mass shooting since virginia tech.
i think it's because he feels so powerless. this is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. he has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. he knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't.
i lived in a commuter town in new jersey for most of my life. after the 9/11 attacks, there were several cars that stayed in the parking lots at the local train station. their tires would get more chalk marks every day as the parking attendants noted their time not moving. tickets would accumulate in the windows. and eventually it became clear that the people who owned those cars weren't ever coming home again. they'd get towed, or claimed by family members or next of kin. eventually, they'd all gone. and i'm not sure which was worse, seeing them there, or seeing the empty lots after.
my girlfriends parents (seniors) heard about this before i saw it on reddit.
i dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated.
yea i can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases.
i heard that since incidences like columbine, the strategy is to rush the shooter(s) with swat asap rather than playing it out.
california pizza kitchen was handing out stacks of personal pizzas to people waiting in line at waterford lakes when i was waiting to donate.
disney world sort of is. they've got an entire land mass bought out, which holds all four parks, security, transportation, emergency response (police/fire/medical), and even water/power facilities.
i don't understand. why are the mods censoring? like, what are they gaining from it? thanks
terrifying and devastating. if you're a member of the lbgt community in central florida, from ocala to tampa to titusville, you've been to pulse at least once. to us this didn't just happen in our backyard, it happened in our living room.
the turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a sikh. so that everyone who see can see that said person is a skih.
well i feel like out of all of the presidents lincoln had more reason than any to look that way.
i live 500 meters from the concert hall called "bataclan" in paris. so i kind of been there. lost friends, got friends badly hurt. i have nothing smart to say. this is absolute horror. i stand with you from paris as you guys were with us when we got hurt. fuck those murderers. love will prevail. damn this is so sad. sorry for not making sense.
it really, really sucks. as someone who has personally lost friends (both muslim and non-muslim) to extremists, to see so many people blame our entire population hurts a lot.
they deserve overwhelming recognition. they were also operating under reports that there might be another shooter or possibly explosives at the hospital itself. i'll piggyback your statement and say orlando fire deserves a lot of credit too. i stayed up listening to their scanner channel and they (as calm as they could) organized triage stations and mobile treatment sites. command was trying to organize all their available emergency rigs and at some point they were throwing victims in police pick up trucks. it was pretty horrifying hearing drivers ask what hospital they could bring victims to as ormc was overcapacity and only accepting red tag trauma alerts.
for some reason, that i can't even explain, when i heard that the orlando mayor declared a state of emergency it really sunk in. it's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. from the things i read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live. it's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy.
these are very hard to read through, i get lost halfway through each page and the graphics are confusing.
fbi seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack
this comment brought tears to my eyes. i'm sorry you had to experience such horrific terror in your lifetime.
that is actually a genius idea. you should submit it to them. no joke. the only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. but i'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this.
i think that lincoln comparison is more to do with camera quality than his own aging. i mean, he did age but the overexposure and poor focus are clearly doing him some favors in the first image and are nonexistent in the second.
amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like red cross and blood donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them.
as someone who witnessed the 26/11 shootings in india, i know what shooting at a crowd in a cramped space feels like. this is the saddest thing i've read today, i stand with with you from mumbai, lots of love.
yes! not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood.
on facebook someone posted a video of a health care worker reading the patients they received through out all of orlando. unfortunately my friend frank is not on that list. my heart is heavy. thank you reddit for your kind words.
every seat in the house of representatives is up for re-election, though
very bad. presidential cabinet positions exist to advise the president. trump did not allow her to see the executive order before issuing it.
they can be struck down by lower federal courts and not just the supreme court. eos don't have nearly the power of laws and can't involve the appropriations of money.
because the government is composed of its subscribers and its editor. that, and infowars perhaps.
more desperately than ever, we need you president underwood.
the same folks who were complaining about obama using eos now want all eos followed to the very letter! the same folks who cry about "activist judges" want a wholly compliant ag willing to burn the constitution. hypocrites. all of them.
as someone who doesn't know what the attorney general does, is this bad?
he's from virginia and was involved with the sentencing of our corrupt republican governor (mcdonnell - "indicted on federal corruption charges for receiving improper gifts and loans from a virginia businessman"). boente stated "no one is above the law... not a high public official, not even the highest public official in [virginia]." interesting pick.
so he appointed someone who under the obama administration set a record for deporting people?
really is. it's like watching a slow train wreck. but the real enemy are the voters who elected this man. they should not be let off the hook.
especially how texas voted in the presidential election, it shows how much people really didn't like trump. and that number is only increasing in parts around the state
yes, but back then the country wasn't nearly as hyper-partisan as it is today. we have people that believe trump when he lies and there's proof on tape or photograph, why would they care if he eliminates everyone who shows a hint of backbone? and in fact, they may see it as a positive sign more of him "draining the swamp."
isn't that a reference to his order on federal regulations for businesses? because i saw a thread on that and didn't fully grasp it. what are federal regulations? how can he legally follow one and disregard two?
it mostly depends on how well trump polls and how closely those senators identify with trump. if he pisses everyone off, and those senators have records of supporting the decisions that pissed everyone off, they could lose their own primary to a challenger from the right who is anti-trump, and then the new person could lose to a dem, or the new person takes over and becomes a trump-dissident on the right. it's unlikely, but it can definitely happen. texas is probably the most likely, depending on how it goes down, because texas has really large liberal blocks in the cities.
the purge has begun. how many more of our best and brightest will lose their jobs now?
ssshh. don't tell the_donald. obama was already deporting more people with criminal records than previous presidents.
executive orders are not laws. only the legislative branch has the power to write laws.
i've always thought it was like mr. burns hiring homer simpson as the nuclear safety inspector. burns knows that since homer knows absolutely nothing about nuclear safety he won't have to pay for any of the costly safety precautions that would otherwise have come up had a competent person been given the job.
he also didn't show his new head of dhs. we thought there was a problem with transparency before? now even the people in charge of enforcing shit are out of the loop.
"doctor, is it cancer?" "aladeen...... i mean, donald "
soon any and all voices of reason will be replaced by yes men. then, presumably, he starts nuking everything.
presumably because he suspected she would react as she did, and didn't want to fire her preemptively.
lol just didn't want that to be the focus of my post. people will tunnel on any little point they disagree with, just to avoid discussing the overall argument.
"you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake, well this could be it sweetheart."
her being fired isn't the takeaway here; her position was temporary and her dismissal inevitable. what should scare the crap out of everyone regardless of your political views is that we're barely 10 days into someone's presidency and we're getting official press releases that sound like a supervillain from 1950s superman comics is delivering them.
it was a leading factor resulting in nixon's resignation though so maybe something positive might come out of this as well.
is it time to start getting a little scared? i mean i'm a white dude and this shit is a little concerning.
the thing that worries me is if we eventually become numb to trumps antics. we all need to be mindful about resting and not binging on information. unplug for a while and don't burn out. we all need to be politically engaged these next 4 years. i'm saying this mostly to myself but i imagine others will agree.
i have this theory that trump will be a kind of societal vaccination - all the trappings of a dictator without any of the competence or discipline to be good at it. usa gets fired up, liberals and conservatives come together, sing kumbayah, and good reigns in the end. or we're screwed...
as of today, "yes" and "no" will be replaced by "donald"
any time you see a simple adjective used twice in the same sentence, or the word "very," odds are trump wrote it. not saying it's bad writing, it's just completely counter to the style used in most pr/political writing.
watching that video, i'm not sure he sounds all that different, actually. i think he was just better at sticking to his talking points.
or because he didnt know he was supposed to because he has no idea how government works. that's the funnier option i guess. and not unlikely.
i can't get over him appointing rick perry. my mind can't wrap around how it could possibly be true. it's just ridiculous to appoint him to that position it's like an snl sketch.
it seems like the entirety of his presidency, length yet undetermined, will be conducted with the same level of insanity as the last week of nixon's tenure.
we should be hearing directly from him, in all his idiocy.
what's terrifying is what he actually thought it would be. i mean to give him credit... if he thought the department was just for marketing oil interests, i can see why he thought it was a waste of money and should be shut down.
until they are struck down by the supreme court, for all practical purposes in people's lives, they are laws.
the statement is almost comical. it really sounds like something written by an angry child. unfortunately, it's really scary that that he's surrounding himself with yes men and those who opposed him in the government were in the minority to begin with.
jesus that's scary when you put it that way. if the country were ever actually in *real* crisis, we could be just a step away from a modern nazi germany.. -people like to hark on the godwin's law, "oh there they go again comparing to literal nazis"; that's the thing, the nazis weren't fictional boogymen dreamt up that no group could possibly live up to, they were *real*. nazi germany was something that actually happened, something that arose from a nation of normal everyday people like you or i. we owe it to ourselves to keep remembering nazi germany, simply so we can remember the sheer capabilities of human nature.
jesus. this is really happening to america isn't it?
wiki changes fast with news, those sections won't be reliable for a few days at least.
not only that, he was a man who didn't even know what the department *did* when he wanted to defund it.
may? aw man. isn't it usually in february? better call saul got pushed back to april too. what am i going to watch (*has 200 shows and movies in netflix and prime queues*)
don't forget about ben carson, a surgeon, for urban development.
yeah i've been freaked by this and my dad just went into a long ramble about the saturday night massacre. i guess i can see it.
she's been fired for upholding the law in defiance of the leader. classic authoritarian move.
obama used eos because of an obstructionist republican congress. trump has the votes in congress and still uses eos.
dana boente is now acting attorney general, hes an obama appointee but apparently he'll defend the ban.
that whole volunteer mars mission where you'd have to leave earth and never be able to return is actually looking pretty awesome right now.
the muslims were bait. now trump has an excuse to replace people who don't agree with him.
there aren't many republican seats in the senate up for reelection that year.
being politically ignorant, i had to look up 'us attorney general' on wikipedia to find out what it means. the article currently says: "the office is currently held by groper-in-chief stooge dana boente, who cowardly assumed the office after the groper fired acting attorney general sally yates for courageously refusing to enforce or defend the groper's unconstitutional, racist muslim ban" that can't be right, can it? i also noticed that dana j. boente hyperlink leads to the wikipedia article for 'anus', and jeff sessions redirects to the fictional marvel character 'red skull'. it's all beyond me, but i thought people may be interested.
yeah, clearly jeff sessions is megatron, not red skull.
don't worry, they'll find a way to victimize themselves one way or another.
nah, megatron's views on race were pretty progressive.
dude it's going to suck in may. this is reality now. this is the new normal.
though after everything we've seen thus far, what makes anyone think trump will leave power peacefully? whether it be through losing in 2020, conviction by impeachment, or even pence and the cabinet utilizing section 4 of the 25th a., have we any evidence that trump & co. will respect those processes and abandon the office?
cheney did it for money. i'm not sure what bannon wants.
why wouldn't he show her? if she is supposed to help advise him, then why hide something like an executive order from her and then fire her?
very smart politics by sally yates. now she is a hero to the left, has 30 years experience and will be running for congress or the senate in 2 years mark my words.
had seen a documentary a few years ago about how political figures who use simple sentence structures end up being seen as more charismatic... and get more votes. i've actually taken that idea on board in my profession (nothing to do with politics) always trying to "dumb down" what i say and write. must say i have seen positive results.
same. barely touched any game for the past few weeks. i'm too fucking tilted and distracted to even have fun anymore. and when i tried again today, i went on a massive loss streak. i feel like i'm wasting my time on games when the country is actively being tramped on.
i'm 30. i was smarter when i was 16. the real world dumbs you down like you wouldn't believe.
alex jones has finally exposed himself as the "controlled opposition" many accused him of over the years. the dude is literally making up news now about how trump's approval ratings are higher than they were 1 week ago, and how everything main stream media is saying are all lies. alex jones is going all fucking in on trump. he's no longer a conspiracy nut, he's a propaganda mouthpiece for trump.
you know it's bad when a 16 year old dumbass on the internet writes more eloquently than the potus.
drain the swamp! then dig it deeper and refill it.
trump's style is very distinct. someone tried to convince me his long mlk day post was written by him when it so clearly wasn't..
if someone really drained a swamp, they would be removing mostly water. the muck, mud, and rot would be left in the swamp. so i guess he's making good on that promise.
has it really been 10 days? i guess time flies when you're...terrified for the future of humanity.
and it tells us he was furious. so furious that he insisted this exact statement be released and wouldn't leave it to his staff.
plot twist: he says tomorrow he won't defend the ban either and gets fired as well.
so i take it that anyone who disagrees with him gets the boot? people who don't fall in line are immediately dismissed and promptly fired... that should scare the shit out of everyone. republican, democrat, doesn't matter. a president should be willing to listen to all of his advisors regardless of what side they are on... he's acting like a true business man and surrounding himself with yes men.
 i'm becoming more and more convinced that you guys are seriously fucked at this point. i'm really worried for you, neighbors. actually, i'm worried for the entire global community. if the us implodes you're going to take the rest of us down with you. -canadian
concentration camps, nah we prefer the term 'focus fairgrounds'. who doesn't love a fair?
probably a good thing house of cards doesn't start until may. if it aired tomorrow it'll probably suck compared to real life.
i'm not sure that trump got the memo that this isn't a tv show
first they came for the... highest positions in federal government???
i'm honestly having a hard time playing video games right now. there is a tremor in the force... something... is happening.
well there it is. we now have a name for getting suicided.
trump doesn't like the word "no" so he's removing anyone who says it.
trumps on a straight path to being impeached. my theory is, is that this is what the gop wants. they'll let him go crazy, get impeached, and then pence will be in office. after trumps craziness everyone won't both the gop too much with their laws because they won't be as crazy as trumps. it's the perfect bamboozle, just a theory though.
reminds me of that old family guy episode where lois just repeats 9/11 to become the mayor of quahog
i've noticed the same thing, normally i'd be balls deep in the overwatch event, cods 2xp week, or grinding it out in destiny. barely done any of that the last 10 days. there's dickery afoot in america.
so you are saying pence is actually palpatine and we just need a patsy jar-jar to call a vote of no confidence to remove trump and the sith will control the senate.
exactly. a trump supporters i'm friends with on facebook lauded this act and trump's executive orders as the beginning of a revolution.... (in a positive sense)
this is tremendously true. people get tremendously wrapped up in the tremendous way trump speaks. they just don't understand how tremendously the man trys to be a tremendous speaker. tremendous tremendous tremendous.
2 years actually if people get out and vote for senate and house elections in 2018.
this season of the apprentice is pretty dramatic.
trump will never resign voluntary. even if they impeach him, i imagine they'll have to drag him out of the white house kicking and screaming.
who cares about the law of the land, and those enforce it? lets just write a law and see what happens.
i left a post of mine open to the public recently and you wouldn't believe the kind of things i'm hearing from trump supporters about "liberal biased news."
wouldn't that be something. all these twists and turns it's like we are living in a political drama on prime time tv.
it's honestly the most worrying part of these last ten days for me.
he had already fired (forced to resign) most of the state department.
dads. not just good for jokes anymore, but also apparently stories about nixon.
you're spot on. it's a pretty quick jump from "betrayal" to "treason" and i'm starting to worry about this administration's growing tendency to offer urban dictionary style alternatives to commonplace definitions.
i was thinking about this for a while last night. he can do this for four years. there is nothing to stop him. it is so fucked.
hey, just in case you haven't seen the rest of the world (literally every continent including two separate protests on antarctica) is with you. toronto and london (and i'm sure others) had protests outside embassies and consulates. this is your fight, but you've got a friend in like....a few billion people around the world. let us know and we'll help.
that is because texas does not really want the wall.
and exit when he tossed the assholes to the curb at the end of the scene.
my last work review essentially told me that i was confusing clients by trying to explain why i was recommending this or that test for their pet. so essentially i got reprimanded for not treating people like idiots. the sad part is that my boss was right. when i act super interested in them as a person and smile a lot and use (to me condescending) language - they love me and don't question a thing. when i try to actually explain the science behind what i'm recommending, well.... they don't love me nearly as much.
i took my civics classes at betsy devoss' bible study and summer school camp. the kool-aid was delicious.
absol-fricken-lutely. actually, the president we really need right now is arnie vinnick. bartlett is great. but vinnick would be able to get shit done.
my first political memory is watergate and the resignation. you aren't wrong here at all.
my god, the comments. so much dumb in so little words
my phd advisor reminds me of trump to a t. the same blustering self-importance, the same speaking style, the same irrational anger and inability to control his words. the same bullying and harassment and need to control (it got bad enough that the university had to intervene to "protect me" from him...and i wasn't the first student in that position with him). and now i can add another thing to the list. my guy also used to be a much more compelling and eloquent communicator. his early research is great, but over the years the quality degraded so much as to be unpublishable (unless it's in the journal he edits, of course). if he wants something to be accepted for publication now, a grad student has to write it.
be very afraid when words like "betrayed" are being used. not far from 3am knocks on your door...
honestly, even when obama made an order that was being obstructed by congress et al, i didn't see anyone wanting complete and utter loyalty to the president, rather that they wished there were less republicans in control to obstruct what obama wanted. i feel as if trump supporters have this ill-informed notion of what exactly liberals as a whole were complaining about and are using that view as a means of "getting their turn", despite the majority of liberals never even wanting a turn.
actually they came for the muslims first, then the government employees who stood up for them.
the house is up for grabs, but there is a near-zero chance of democrats taking back the senate in 2018. to just tie, they would have to keep all of their current seats, and get *both* nevada and arizona. to get a majority, they'll also need one of the following: * mississippi, * nebraska, * tennessee, * texas, * utah, or * wyoming. the incumbents in each of those seats won their last election by more than 15%.
seriously guys, just think of the rest of the world that can't do anything but watch. please fight for us.
who the fuck wants to watch house of cards right now? honestly... i was planning to actually watch that show this year...i feel bad for all the people who worked on it because i might never see it now.
so i take it your dad realized it was not actually a scam?
saw him a couple years ago. his voice is fine. it's odd, because when he talks he sounds like an old man, but when he sings it's only a little bit scratchier than it used to be.
i love billy joel for shit like this...he's still just a dude, a good dude. he didn't set out to be a rock star, he was a college kid with a garage band playing some gigs, then playing opening act for other groups, then people were coming specifically to see the opening act instead of the main act. his career just snowballed into something he didn't plan on, and he seems to have mostly retained his normal dudeship through it all...lots of respect for the dude. edit : fucked up auto correct words
i wish warriors games were like this... only the super rich sit up front and the tickets are so expensive you only see true warriors fans at the viewing parties
a few years ago my aunt had a similar experience, she bought cheap tickets, and she along with her group of young attractive females were given the front row tickets. when they got to their new seats they noticed the front rows were filled with the same demographic. i was hoping to see a comment like this when i read the headline because i was really surprised when she told me the story.
my wife and i saw him and elton john for their face 2 face series. our seats where behind and above the stage because they were cheaper. weird but totally worth it. their pianos spun so when billy joel's spun to see us, he stopped singing and said, "i bet you didn't think these seats would be that good. *wink* "
there are no tickets for the snake pit. they just choose random lucky fans, instead of rich people :)
or you don't go to many concerts. i saw neil diamond last night in detroit and we were 21 rose back for $180 a seat
$45 for a cover band?! i don't even pay that for bands i like. damn.
i bought two tickets to a rockies game the other day online and was charged $6 per ticket for shipping. for e-tickets.
we went to see billy joel and elton john for my dad's birthday as a family like 15 years ago. we had terrible upper deck seats, but we got there super early and were approached by someone who offered to trade us for literal front row tickets. seemed too good to be true and my dad accused them of running a scam. i was an apathetic teenager, felt too cool to be there, but that won me over. one of the most memorable nights of my life.
this is basically how it works in all aspects of life, minus the no rich people part.
they were probably starting to wonder why you were standing back there.
coldplay often does something similar, or at least they did on the viva la vida tour
yup, anyone who has been to a billy joel concert knows it's not "random fans" sitting up front screaming, it's hot women.
so rich people who always get their way don't get the best seats. beautiful people who always get their way do instead. this situation seems slightly less inspiring than it did at first.
billy joel could easily get 300 at a large venue.
i got one of these tickets on new year's eve 1990. my friend and i knew about this tradition and looked for the guys distributing the tickets before the show (we were in the upper deck at the nassau coliseum with my friend's family and some friends). we finally saw them, approached and begged politely for two tickets. we were told they only had two tickets left and they wanted to save them for a couple. without hesitation, my friend and i put our arms around each other's and said, in unison, "we're gay." sat front row center on new year's eve. got a high five from billy before souvenir. great night.
metallica has done this, too. went to one concert and was literally in the very top row. a guy asked if i wanted closer tickets and handed me a pair in the second row
really? cause i've seen him get $1000000000 at even small venues
i'm from long island so i'm required by law to tithe 10% of my income to lord joel. i'm glad to do it.
you weren't kidding, this is some hanna-barbera cartoon level bouffanting.
puffing on a cigar with a spot of dense chest hair peeking from an armani polo
as a frame of reference, i wanted to go to a rhcp concert this year. all available tickets (for the general public) were sold out while i was still at work. the tickets were then being resold for around $300 each. that's when i decided i didn't want to go to their concert.
just serious dumb luck. paul mccartney actually upgraded the girls i was at his concert with and they reluctantly upgraded me and the other male. elton john, well, he might've requested males to be upgraded the front of the stage.
the old, "it's been 10 minutes and i don't feel anything, fuck it let's eat the other two" no regrets
yes, but just how do they determine who is worthy of these front row seats?
did you hear this at a craig finn/hold steady gig? i recently learned of this too, as it was a story finn told between songs.
same, am also from central nj, where the delicious pork product is called pork roll *and* taylor ham.
if your on long island you have a big chance of seeing him for free or cheap. he likes showing up randomly to billy joel tribute bands playing on long island. i also had this happen to me for aerosmith. my wife and i got moved to front row while eating in our paid for seats like an hour before the concert.
33 checking in, i grew up in a house where the piano man album was played daily. billy joel rates as one of my favourite ever gigs, up there with rammstein as far as pure passion is concerned. my mates still have a giggle if he pops up on my spotify account or they hear me singing uptown girl while i hang out the washing, but fuck them. billy joel is the shit.
wow, that's a really interesting story that i'm going to remember. of course he's doing his own thing and following his own less-popular interests, but that he shared it with the crowd is really telling.
the tonight show with jay leno -- they went into the line and pulled pretty girls from it to sit in the front row. i was with my cousin (both female), we weren't mad though, i mean those girls were a lot younger than we were. get it while you can.
i got front row seats at coldplay like this. we were walking around the arena and someone came up to us with a few questions about coldplay, so we answered them and he said, "okay you've just been upgraded. here are your new tickets, best seats in the house" and then he walked us down to our seats. it was so great. then coldplay decided to pick up and move across the arena halfway through the set, so we were back row again for a few songs, but they came back.
live events is my profession. you get there when doors open. me and 30 other guys got to the venue at 6am and have been busting ass for 10hours. people need to get paid.
as someone who just saw a cover band event called "piano man: a billy joel and elton john tribute" selling seats for $35-45 at a crap venue, i'd say that's true. this isn't even billy joel or elton john. just a tribute band playing at a one off venue in far west suburban chicago (aurora).
jeez is 1.5 hours out living in a different city still considered suburban chicago?
i went to a kid rock concert where he wouldn't sell tickets for over $20 and made the venue offer $3 busch light cans. i love kid rock.
are we just saying bigger and bigger numbers? i heard he could get $10000 at a larger venue.
true story: my mother went to one of billy joel's concerts and was approached by i guess somebody who was important at the venue and said, "we'd like to move you up to the front row." when my mother asked why she was told that "billy joel likes to see the front row filled with attractive blondes."
this this similar to the law of springsteen along the jersey shore?
pearl jam did this. they played most of their show with me behind them and then decided to turn it around for a song or two.
like the place long island? thats fun :) oh why do you say on long island rather than in?
i've been upgraded from nose bleeds to second row at both paul mccartney and elton john concerts so i'm guessing a few of the older musicians do this.
anyone want a front row seat to a billy joel concert? i've got a primo one right up the back, only $1000.
i went to one of his concerts last year and i do remember seeing on the jumbotron younger women in the front. i was wondering how these women who looked like they were of the age to be dealing with the serious student loan debt were up front for such an expensive ticket.
i've never seen paul mccartney in concert but i've seen ringo in concert and he was amazing. i can't imagine what it must've been like to see all 4 beatles at once.
try being from central nj, i have to dish out for both.
it's a concert at a major venue. he would play at msg monthly. yes, that's cheap
you sexy beast you. i'm ashamed to say i've never seen sir paul myself. assuming you saw him recently, is his voice still there? that always seems to be the first thing to go when musicians get older.
he just likes hot poor chicks. don't make him out to be anything more than a downtown man.
i'll send you it as a printable pdf, just $5 e-ticket fee
they don't stand up, make noise, sit there with their bouffant haired girlfriend lookin' like a big shot. *you had to be a big shot dincha you had to open up your mouth..*
well, i went downtown ridin' in my '09 toyota camry in my on sale jc penny clothes
one hundred million dollars to whoever gets me to the front row.
not sure about his first wife, but his second wife never sat in the front row, those tickets cost an arm and a leg, and she just couldn't afford to lose another.
this was before digital photography really took off. i'm sure i have some photos back home - but nothing handy where i live now. it was at the carrier dome in 2001. hard to believe that was 16+ years ago. feels like a lifetime.
i wonder if you see the really bad seats sell faster than the mediocre ones.
*rigorously bouffanting* edit. one of my highest, if not the highest upvoted comments is about bouffants in a billy joel thread. what is my life right now. *sighs bouffantingly*
shit i saw billy joel last month. wasn't expensive but wasn't cheap... worth way more than we paid.. he lies.. i'd pay 10x what we paid to see him again.
i saw the face 2 face tour as well. before the show started i was approached by a member of the crew. my friend and i were given a special pass, it was sticky green fabric, and led to a backstage area. when the lights came up, we were on the wings of the stage, not 20 feet from elton and billy. we got to meet them both during and after the show, and it was hands down one of the coolest experiences of my life. we watched the whole show from the stage.
my dad used to see him at the drugstore in huntington all the time. said he'd just say hey billy and hed say hey, was always down to earth and a nice guy. a few years ago, he saw him sitting at a restaurant bar, all by himself, looking disheveled and barely recognizable, and completely wasted. he got his driver to come around and pick him up. i hope he's doing better now. my parents used to play his music on the record player when we were young. another fun story, the house he lived in w christie brinkley was about ten minutes from where my cousins grew up in cold spring harbor. his house sat on a bend in the road and one of my cousin's friends took the corner too hard and hydroplaned through the fence in billy joel's backyard. christie brinkley came running out to see if he was ok. said he thought he died and went to heaven. (i don't know if this is actually true, but it's the story i've been told for years.)
i would do unspeakable things for second row at paul mccartney. i have lawn seats in july and i'll still have a blast i'm sure.
hi ears with feet. i saw 5 billion amos concerts back in the day. met her, went to her meet and greets, the whole bit. never got front rowed. she was always great with her fans though. she didn't even like to call them fans. there were a lot of familiar faces in line when you went to shows in those days. a lot of us went more than once kind of like deadheads. which of her bodyguards was it?
can confirm. i know an attractive blonde who got front rowed at one of his concerts.
09 and pennys? damn, you are rich. i have '02 avalon and i'm wearing a swimsuit from a local convenience store.
did you have to watch the whole concert to get the $40 or could you leave halfway through?
thanks for doing that. i'm a musician and y'all get shat on way too much.
lol that's an amazing burn. but in all serious i thought the show was absolutely incredible. i had no idea what to expect. no opening act. no music, nothing. kanye appeared on a small floating stage suspended by chains, about 20' x 20'. it moved all over the venue, effectively making every row the front row for part of the show. he was rocking so hard and singing his heart out it looked like he was trying to break himself apart with the music. truly was a moving performance.
i like the fact that you got quizzed about coldplay. depending on the questions it can really show who the real fans are. do you remember if they were opinion questions or trivia questions?
yeah, a concert before people started screaming through the whole thing. so much charisma in one spot!
random question but are you and your friend good looking? my friend and her boyfriend went and saw paul mccartney a few years ago and it was the same deal. nosebleed tickets, brought to the front of the show. she told me everyone they brought up (male and female) were suspiciously attractive.
ah c'mon. you'd rather look down from the stage and see someone really enjoying themselves rather than a bunch of sourpusses.
he said he would do an ama for 30 min. that looks like 30 min of answering questions.
i have an 11 year old and a 13 year old child. i currently pay more for them to go to private school for one year than i paid for my entire master's degree. what can you do to heal our very broken public school system (which i want to love)? what can i expect for them when they go to college in a few short years?
i read this, and immediately got a knock on the door. shit myself. found myself eating pizza 2 minutes later.
let's skip the marijuana legalization question that'll show up at least 50 times on this page and get to a related issue: after promising that you wouldn't interfere with individual state decisions on medical use of cannabis, how can you justify utilizing federal funds and agencies to shut down dispensaries and arrest people who are legitimately sick?
is there anything going to be done about the current state of student loans?
win or lose, i'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices.
ladies and gentlemen: the president of the united states of america referencing his meme. good night and god bless.
as a girl about to finish my aerospace engineering degree- please? i promise to spend my life creating the first black hole probe... you know you're curious too.
i'm a total grammar nazi. my favorite joke: knock, knock... who's there? to... to, who? to whom...
as a member of the non-us free world. did my vote get lost in the post?
if you had the ability to automatically enact or repeal only one law without congressional approval, what would you choose and why?
next on fox news: does barack obama neglect his duty as a president, spending his time playing golf in this economic state? stay tuned.
what is the plan for gitmo bay? and for marijuana legislation?
what was the most difficult decision that you had to make during this term?
i was very surprised by this as well! but i bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it...
til roseanne barr and a dude named merlin are both running for president.
it's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that i'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. the big advantage i have is that i live above the store - so i have no commute! so we make sure that when i'm in dc i never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if i have to go back down to the oval for work later in the evening. i do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. speaking of balance, though, i need to get going so i'm back in dc in time for dinner. but i want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. and remember to vote in november - if you need to know how to register, go to gottaregister.com. by the way, if you want to know what i think about this whole reddit experience - not bad!
it's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for obama because he'd never do one.
i'm surprised the username presidentobama was even available. or is the man powerful enough to just take it over anyway? i'd hate to see the leader of the free world reduced to taking a username like therealpresidentobama or potus69 or xx_barackobama_xx or something.
9 minutes and already 200+ comments. good luck, obama. you're going to need it.
so honoured that the president of the united states has responded to a question i asked him.
tell me about it. i haven't gone a day without thinking about it and i have been home for almost three years now.
he should count his blessings. i'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus.
ahaha... i can just see you telling everyone you know tonight "i corrected the president on his grammar today."
if you had to select one non-politician to be the next president, who would be your pick?
"- not bad!" it was at this point, reddit ejaculated in glorious unison.
respectfully, mr. president, this is a non-answer. we've seen over the years what an economic boost having a robust space program can be -- not only does it create jobs, it inspires and gives the country focus on a positive and meaningful goal. the current budget for nasa is a pittance - think what could be done with double, or triple that amount? **frankly, we need another apollo moment, mr. president -- let's plan to get a man on mars by the end of the decade, and show the world that america is the most scientifically advanced and capable nation in the world, and can achieve what it sets out to do.**
you must have enormous balls to admit you do illegal drugs on the one thread that the fbi is definitely monitoring.
president obama, why didn't you close guantanamo bay as you promised you would?
not to mention the site issues. it still took me a while to get to this post hours after it was supposed to have finished.
making sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration is a big priority for my administration. the passing of neil armstrong this week is a reminder of the inspiration and wonder that our space program has provided in the past; the curiosity probe on mars is a reminder of what remains to be discovered. the key is to make sure that we invest in cutting edge research that can take us to the next level - so even as we continue work with the international space station, we are focused on a potential mission to a asteroid as a prelude to a manned mars flight.
what is the first thing you'll do on november 7th, win or lose?
what are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term?
a riveting story... i laughed, i cried, i came. 10/10
if the president says it's a asteroid, it's a asteroid.
i won't believe this unless he takes a picture with a shoe on his head.
would you rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or 1 horse-sized duck?
my question is this: why would you sign the ndaa when it included language that would allow the indefinite detention of americans without due process. i understand that this was the de facto case for awhile. now it's law. this passed by overwhelming bi-partisan support, despite being hated by most citizens. it feels like the government, including the executive branch, no longer work for the citizens that elect them. (by the way, i fully supported your first campaign, but i'm now disillusioned and disappointed.)
if obama made a "nobody cares apostolate" post, i would retire from reddit, realizing that nothing would ever top seeing that.
a grammar nazi's greatest dream... *"an... mr. president... an.."*
it's been stated that your favorite television show is the wire. how do you think the war on drugs has affected america, and would you work to end it?
how in the fuck was presidentobama not already taken?
it's a shame he didn't answer. i'd have liked to see the response.
mr. president, can you stop the nhl lockout? please? **please????**
good luck with an answer for this one. so far the obama administration has skirted this conversation at every turn. it's really the biggest flip-flop obama has committed as president.
i'll take that as "poppin bottles of cristale like it's 1969"
of course this goes unanswered. that really infuriates me. why does everyone in government just avoid this? is there some secret reason they keep it illegal? god dammit that pisses me off to no end.
i'm still waiting for learning cursive to pay off.
the president must be so nervous right now...he just got a comment from shitty_watercolour.
internet freedom is something i know you all care passionately about; i do too. we will fight hard to make sure that the internet remains the open forum for everybody - from those who are expressing an idea to those to want to start a business. and although there will be occasional disagreements on the details of various legislative proposals, i won't stray from that principle - and it will be reflected in the platform.
i was wondering if somehow they gave his username priority access, or whether potus had to hit refresh. "these servers... are getting hammered!"
i'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking reddit.
i'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post...
this is the best grammar nazi-ing he will ever get in his life. correcting the sitting president of the united states. let him live the dream.
why aren't you more actively fighting rnc voter suppression?
mr. president, do you feel that there is a problem with the "revolving door" of congressmen and prominent lobbyists? for an example, i'd point to former senator dodd, now the chief lobbyist for the mpaa. is there anything to be done about it?
let's just be thankful the guy that corrected him didn't have a screenname like i_rape_cats
a lot of us are worried about copyright law. sopa, acta, tpp... and the actions against megaupload. mainly because these laws are excessive and limit rights. what is your stance on that?
that's it. shows over folks. all the grammar nazis can go home now. forever.
"omgomgomgomgomg!!! the shitty_watercolour!" -leader of the free world
this too. this thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. honestly, it's amazing that the president managed to get through enough to post what he did.
thank you for showing the president of the united states how classy us redditors can be.
how do you balance family life and hobbies with, well, being the potus?
that's good. some bus drivers in france did the same thing. they came wearing pencil skirts.
i got my only ever detention from doing something similar in high school. we got a new vice principal and he tried to flex his authority by coming up with a bunch of new, stupid rules. he typed up a bunch of bulletins and posters about them and hung them all over the school. the problem was that this guy was a fucking moron who couldn't write for his life. these things had spelling and grammar errors galore. so one day during study hall i snuck out of the classroom and, with a red sharpie, corrected every damn one of those stupid posters. he called me into his office later that day after looking back at the security camera footage to see who did it. he tried reaming me out, but i just told him, "your posters are an embarrassment to this school. i don't want people who come here thinking that your idiocy represents the rest of us."
the same way they force boys to shave their beards. i love having a goatee but my principal saw it after vacation and told me to shave it off
yeah...if we could go ahead and extend the same courtesy to business attire, that would be great. women can wear formal attire that is sleeveless and/or has a skirt. men must wear button-down shirts and trousers. i'd like the opportunity to adjust my attire also.
good for them! i graduated 17 years ago (holy shit do i feel old typing that) and we had several instances of boys wearing very short skirts when admin cracked down on the dress code for girls. it was hilarious. the dress code said nothing about skirt length on boys, nor did it say anything about boys not being allowed to wear skirts. they got away with it, because it technically didn't violate the dress code. several of us also wore homemade togas and wild outfits that conformed to the standards, which pissed them off, but they couldn't do anything about it. we had our own crack "legal" team who made it their business to research student rights and keep admin in check when they made a new stupid rule, which they did pretty regularly. as a mom and soon to be full time teacher, i fully support kids who want to challenge the rules and push the limits like this. we need to raise people to think outside the box and push back against rules that are made just for the sake of making them.
i can almost guarantee that the school administration was probably on the kids side but either the diocese or the pastor of the church were the ones being sticklers and they're ultimately the real authority since it's their schools. happens a lot in catholic schools, pretty liberal teachers and admins are handcuffed by senile archaic geriatrics in robes. the church needs a new influx of normal nice priests in america badly
that's business formal in bermuda, it began with the royal navy getting permission to cut off their pants at the knee because it was too damn hot.
it's very liberating to be able to think "man, i really don't want to put pants on today," and then just wear a skirt or an even lazier option of a dress instead.
we always talked about doing this but never did. good for them. fight the power, boys, there's more to be fought.
implying it was ever out of style, you even see the odd guy in berwick rocking them and that's south of the border.
ah. britain. i'm assuming no a/c in the school building too? as a girl in texas, i always wore pants to school because the shorts would either be too short (finger-length?) or too long to be fashionable. but, at the very least, all the schools were air conditioned.
where are these kids. i just see a bunch of random wee scotsmen.
what about the girls who are distracting the gay and bisexual girls? i say ban the children.
i bought this in a muggle shop. muggles wear them!
my middle school did this also but with dresses because girls were allowed to wear dresses but guys weren't allowed shorts; it actually worked surprisingly and the next year the whole school district got rid of the rule.
this is truly genius nobody, as far as i know, has more than two legs. most people have two. but because some people have lost a leg or both, the average is less than two. i am finally above average at something. holy shit i have an above average number of arms
if by cop you mean a guy who is about to retire then yes. my high school had about 90% female teachers. if two football players started a fight there was not shit they could do to stop it safely. so the local pd assigned an officer there to assist if that happens. most of the time he was on his phone.
we wear them because we expect people to wear them. ties are a social construct
if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
god forbid a male should allow his face to do something that comes naturally.
can't have students defying authority without punishment
we had the same thing at my elementary school. you had to buy their branded jackets, which were flimsy single-layer wool jumpers, and you weren't allowed to wear any other jacket over it. so you had some kids buying the xxl version and wearing it over their normal winter coats. i'm _sure_ that made us all look like fine intelligent youths to passersby. way to go, school policy.
last week in nyc my sister saw a older woman staring long and hard at a man who had painted his toenails bright pink. after a couple of long moments she reached out to him and said, "i'm so sorry, but where did you get that nail polish?" turns out he had made it himself!
then you know what you have to do. grab a nice dress, some open toed shoes and have at'er. get some co-workers to have a dress day.
in a major metropolitan area, most people _don't_ care. there's a hell of a lot more to worry about in life than the clothes other people wear.
as a nova scotian, kilt wearing is not only acceptable, it will put you at the top of the social ladder at any gathering
as a country that's national weather is drizzle we get very upset when it gets too cold or too hot. we don't get a lot of snow so that causes us to panic, drive like idiots and close schools. when it get's too hot our buildings are just not designed to deal with it. most places don't have ac and are designed to keep the heat in not out. also it has been fairly humid (50%-80% humidity) which means it is harder to cool down even with a fan on.
i want this so bad, but at the same time.. i'm not gonna be the one leading the charge.
it will because it's expected now by people with tech experience. if these companies want to keep talent, they'll stick with the lax dress code rules
agree, i've been seeing so many comments for a while from guys saying they wish they could wear more colourful/patterned clothes like women, that they had more choices beyond which shirt and which trousers, and they wish they could wear dresses for comfort. i really do think this could be a major cultural change in the next 5 years, maybe less. the demand is there.
we were only allowed to wear tights under our skirts, no pants allowed. but we're also in the south, so it was the same here, didn't get that cold that often. still sucked when it did though.
one of the perks of younger industries like tech is that the old dress codes have gone by the way side. i wear shorts every day!
it'd be funny if they put shorts back in but the skirts are so comfortable that they just keep them.
what's this history you speak of? e: til trousers were an age restrict sort of right of passage
trust me, priests are usually pretty laid back about that kind of stuff. it's the parish councils and people in lay positions who are the real psychos.
can confirm, was a "troublemaker" in grade school this is 100% just some administrator fumbling for reasons that might convince this kid to stop what he's doing. i mean yea i was a little bastard here and there, but mostly i just didn't agree with the reasons adults gave me for making me do what i viewed as stupid shit.
i wore shorts will knee socks for my senior year. got kicked out of class but luckily the vp was old fashioned and knew the history of boys wearing shorts + knee socks decades ago. stood out but much less sweaty. 10/10 would knee sock again
"he had been told on wednesday the skirt was too short and his legs too hairy. some of the boys had taken this into account and bought razors to shave their legs. " i love this so much.
that was my immediate reaction, but on further thought dress codes often have restrictions on facial hair. i suppose that is very similar.
seriously. in the south of the us, this policy is fucking insane. when temps reach 90, the humidity making it feel like 110 and you have to wear pants. fuck that noise. of course, i haven't been in school for over 11 years, so the policy may have changed. point still stands though.
it's a sad day when boys are told they can't wear shorts b/c it's too distracting for the girls. like can girls keep their genitals in their pants and sex drive to themselves. it's irritating to think that boys are being discriminated against by forcing them to wear a certain dress code to accommodate the girls in the class. what a sad world we live in.
the tie is a bit much. why the hell do we still wear those ridiculous things?
i wore shorts to school once, in violation of dress code, with a note from the nurse. riding lawn mower gives the sun the perfect angle to **burn**.
at my catholic k-8th school the girls protested not being able to wear pants to school during winter when it was cold. they had to wear skirts. which is obviously ridiculous given the weather... so one week they all came in with pants on and got detention... the school changed their dumb policy.
being a critical thinker made life difficult at school/with parents. logic is thrown out the window sometimes
wait, what? you mean that the us has permanent police officers posted at schools? that's sad man...
welcome to every summers day in australia. blazer long sleeve shirt tie and long pants in winter when its still 26-30 degrees. at least all classrooms have dodgy fans.....
because they make the neckline neat. it's the area you're mostly likely to have people look at, as they're looking at your face; and so you utilize a collar/tie to clean up the lines and frame your head.
uk is having its hottest summer since 1976, the schools are normally closed when the uk gets to the hottest in august for summer holidays so the current temperatures are fairly unusual.
i'm a dude that occasionally wears skirts. they are very, very comfortable. no constrictions on your legs or your junk. nice and cool and airy. in the heat you keep cool, and if it's a bit on the cold side you actually stay a bit warm from the heat distribution. and honestly, the whooosh! of the skirt as you move is kind of bad ass, like a cape. you should try one.
as a kid, you didn't know better, but as an adult looking back, would you have called the police on her for theft? i would have.
on tuesday i wore shorts, the first male in our office to do so since i have worked here (7 years). yesterday i did it again and one of my colleagues followed suit. it is not covered in our dress code but as no one mentioned it if the temperature rises again i expect even more will follow suit so you are right, just do it.
just do it mate. i do. its fucking liberating having a cool breeze caress your knackers while you're out and about.
to make sure us dirty wage-earners aren't stealing shit. (source: i work at a factory)
my highschool once tried to take my cellphone (i wasn't using it in class, i was in the hallway between class). my mom spent about five minutes lecturing the principal on personal property laws. then one day they tried to make me change shirts because it had "smell my face" from a local talk radio show i listened to. my mother informed them that if they called her again because they had confiscated something from me and she had to pick it up, she was going to have her lawyer shove a book so far up their asses that they could pass the bar. we didn't have a lawyer. my mom just worked a lot and didn't have time to come to school over silly matters.
i had a teacher confiscate a portable cd player(yes i just dated myself) and headphones i was listening to while walking to my next class. she told me it was against the rules and that i could pick it up in the office after school. wouldn't you know it when i went to get it she told me it had been stolen and i shouldn't have brought it in the first place. i know that bitch took it home.
makes me wonder when it will become socially-acceptable to wear shorts for office work. here i am at my desk in atlanta, wearing long pants in late june... (it's rainy today so it's not so bad, but it's fucking miserable when its sunny.)
i don't know what it's like in finland but in sweden very few of my peers ever sat through a whole class focused on the material. someone who's not invested in what's going on is going to find something to distract themselves with, chatting with mates, ogling girls or something else. but as usual schools would rather treat the symptoms than the cause.
if you live in a metropolitan area i'm pretty sure nobody cares these days. go for it bro
you can only pull off a utilikilt if you're not wearing a shirt and you're ripped, which means you can pull off any outfit.
i would totally do this, if i was still in school and had legs.
also, code monkey do not code well when they are hot.
people care they're just not allowed to say anything
i've never seen a school with shaved legs as a requirement, sounds like they were grasping for any reason to tell him off
aussie? cause i am and 30c seems like a cool day for summer, long pants, blazer and tie done easy.
and if you have good legs, they're actually very flattering. the dudes in utilikilts get all the pussy at my city's local celtic festival every year.
i'm not sure the article ever states what "our utmost" actually entails. my guess is absolutely nothing, or like, offering cool water.
have you never watched any sort of historical drama? this is the defacto outfit of a young boy on like every historical tv show ever.
right? skirts are great and everyone should be able to wear them tbh.
huge difference. there is literally no schools in the south without air conditioning. in the uk, air conditioning is not common in schools.
the argument in most british schools is that uniform is a leveller. poor children will not be bullied for not having expensive clothes if everyone has to wear the same thing. in senior schools, what often goes unmentioned is that it's supposed to stop boys being distracted by girls in short, tight clothing, which is why school uniform fetishes are definitely not a thing.
maybe give a second look but thats about it. assuming you don't literally mean a skirt of course. a sarong is quite normal (in my culture, not my city) so maybe i'm biased.
i'm not sure my high school principal would have kept her job if she had told a girl her legs were too hairy for a skirt.
i remember in my high school the boys weren't allowed to wear sleeveless shirts of any kind because they 'd be too distracting to the girls.
yeah, my husband and i were out in some heat and humidity the other day, and i was wearing this billowing sleeveless crepe dress (i'm pregnant and it was all i could handle) and he said he really wished they made summer outfits like that for men. i also had an ex who was very into the idea of kilts (which were coming up at the time with a handful of stores.) i think it's a major potential market if the fashion marketing folks can pitch it delicately enough that guys don't feel like it would emasculate them.
the main reason it was implemented at my school was to prevent gang colors being worn. i'm sure some slutty outfits also contributed. to counter your individuality point, poorer students fit in more as noone can wear designer clothes etc. uniforms are generally cheaper than normal clothes too, a lot of local places had special deals. everyone had the same code, khakis and a polo shirt, shorts ok during the summer. i didn't and still don't like uniforms, but they do have pros.
it's more like a faux dick, the bigger tie you have the more respected you will be
so there's no need to worry. let it silently eat their heads while you relax in the heat.
on the contrary, exeter is one of the most southern parts of england, whereas scotland is north of england. you can't get much farther from kilt country, in england, than they are.
an appropriately crass response to such a question i've heard is "lipstick".
the supplier of these coats were probably kicking back a staff party or other petty corruption to keep the teachers personally invested/committed to such a thing. no staff is going to care about such ridiculousness unless their is some petty corruption going on.
"dude i got a call from my little bro in jr high saying he was in trouble and had gotten suspend, for what you ask? someone stole his shoes out his locker because he didnt lock it right. yes someone, not my brother, stole his shoes and he got in trouble because he didn't lock it right... i literally asked the principle if he was serious, and said alright we'll see what my mom thinks about this. boy i bet you coulda heard her car from a mile coming. yea he didn't get in trouble and i bet that fucker was scared." from another response, moms aint nothing to fuck with. p.s. your moms a badass hahaha
at my job (factory), security would routinely inspect men's duffel bags, backpacks etc. when a male employee asked why they never searched women's purses, he was told those are personal and wouldn't be searched. later that week, the same employee wore a skirt to work and a woman's top and carried a purse. when they tried to kick him out for "causing a disruption" they couldn't, as he technically wasn't breaking any rules. he just wanted to point out the double standard. best part was, he asked a couple women from the shop to go to the store to pick out the outfit he was going to wear to work :d they loved the idea.
my husband's mom was an or nurse. he ditched class in high school and was caught. the principal asked my husband which parent to call about it, so he said definitely call my dad, do not call my mom. principal took that as a cue to call mom. my husband had to wait a while for the phone conversation to move past the "no, i'm with the school and i need to speak to [husband]'s mother. it's important." but eventually the principal had my mil on the phone. my husband said he could hear his mom yell at the principal through the phone that she had to be dragged out of a surgery to hear about this bullshit, and that her kid had better be dead if they are going to bother her again. no further calls were ever made about my husband or his sister again.
we had a lot of evidence how people react to the quick change of norms with the release of the male rompers. plenty of women were also against the idea of men in them, specifically. i think it is kind of hilarious that you can wear a kilt and it's quirky, but it better be obvious it's a kilt and not a skirt or else.
me walking outside in the 90's as a teenager was easy enough since each leg of my jeans was twice the size of the waist.
my school had nuns as teachers and principals (not all but most). soooo ya....
by pouring their derisions on everything we did. exposing every weakness however carefully hidden by the kid.
i went to a catholic school where girls had to wear skirts all year long. boys could wear pants in the winter and shorts in the summer, but girls were only allowed skirts. it was miserable in the winter!
year 2067; yet another group of boys protest the 'no shorts' policy. the schools are baffled on how to stop this. i swear to god this is a thing every year, just in a different part of england. if girls have the choice of trousers and skirts, then shorts should not be a problem as an alternative to trousers during summer.
yeah, in any church - catholic or not - lay clergy are the worst. so many twits who think religion can only be done properly with judgmental, damaging attitudes.
i live in georgia (usa) and my workplace makes men wear pants and closed-toes shoes but the women can wear dresses/skirts and open-toes shoes. summer here is hotter'n hell and i cycle to work. that's some bull right there!
what. no coats?! as a canadian that is shocking. who's to say whether or not a child/teenager can wear a coat?! how does that even make sense?! who makes up these rules?!?! although, that being said, at the high school i used to go to they recently stopped allowing students to wear backpacks to class. you were allowed to wear one to and from school and store it in your locker, but you weren't allowed to take one to class because they were deemed to be a hazard. this meant that students had to carry around all their binders, books, change of clothes for pe, lunch, etc. which the students did not take lightly. girls weren't even allowed purses so in protest they started carrying around boxes of tampons to class to make a statement.
sometimes the people silently judging you are the people that decide whether or not you get a raise and a bonus at the end of the year
step 1: get the women at the factory to steal stuff for you. step 2: ?????? step 3: profit
what was the stated purpose of inspecting anyone's shit at a factory?
as long as you keep your legs closed on the bus i'm pretty sure nobody cares about anything beyond their phone screen.
yeah if i saw a guy in a skirt i'd say "yo, that guy is wearing a skirt." and move on with my life.
but now they know if a large enough percentage of students protest together they can bring about change
there have been many civil rights protests that brought about change in the past 70 years. many people were arrested over them.
school policies can be the most bafflingly illogical things in the world. i'm reaching the end of my gcses and at the beginning we were told that study leave would not begin until the second last week of exams which makes little to no sense. on top of that, the time we spent during lessons would not be used to prep for the day's upcoming exams. instead we had to revise for whatever subject we were currently in. then the school cut down on the 40 minutes lunch we had before an afternoon exam to 20 minutes due to 40 minutes being "too long". this is in spite of the fact that if we followed the school's doctrine on revision then that 40 minutes would be all the time we were given to prep for that afternoon exam.
weird. at my school the girls all just wore sweatpants under their skirts on particularly cold days. but i'm in the south so it wasn't that often
my school had 2 armed police officers. i think they brought in dogs at least twice a year while i was there
at first i thought you meant "dodgers fans" and couldn't figure out how that was relevant
rompers are awful on anyone past the diaper stage because all anyone can think when they look at them is that the wearer is going to have to strip down completely to go to the bathroom.
well, i don't think you can treat the cause here really.. nor do we try to in sweden either. it's pretty futile.
get a ultila-kilt. they are dope as shit. pockets and hoops for your gear. usually manly looking colors and styles. i love mine and i wear it during hot summer days when i'm working outside.
exactly. if you're good at what you do, and what you do is important, you don't need to dress up like a waiter.
i used to work at a startup and there were days when we were asked to just look a little more dressed up like if we were having a big wig come by for meetings. even then though, the most the guys would do was wear darker jeans and a tie with their button up shirt. i don't think we ever had anyone show up in a suit.
except for dress code violations in the office. although, my workplace had a shorts day yesterday and a cookout.
by making comments about their hairy legs, isn't the school proving the dress code is social/cultural based? and not logic/fairness based. ------------------------------------- **edit**: to (the many) people replying "well durr", my point was if the school want to enforce the boys being less comfortable than the girls in high heat they have to come up with something rational/explainable. not just "hurr durr boys don't wear skirts and shorts don't look professional enough". it's both unfair, and a particularly poor example to set at a school. what lesson are they teaching the children if they won't budge on this issue? that authority figures are incapable of rational compromise, and should be ignored?
i never got the part where students' attire is distracting. here in finland it's completely normal for girls to wear yoga pants, and jean shorts are popular with both genders. teens are going to ogle each other no matter what they wear.
god, this is so annoying for work too. it's hot as balls and i have to wear trousers where all the female staff are wearing skirts. ask manager why can't men wear shorts ...and her answer was because your men. that's not a reason...
when any kind of institution says "we're doing our best" it's basically the equivalent of "our thoughts and prayers are with the victims". thanks for fucking nothing.
there's metal detectors on the way into some us schools.
i'm not saying they should have a/c. i'm just trying to also point out that the school is most likely very hot on the inside. a/c is standard in texas (and in a lot of states in the u.s.).
i swear that schools do this just so kids can get practice in public protest.
came to the office naked yesterday. that's how it becomes socially acceptable. anyone hiring?
is he a younger teacher? some of the younger teachers i had immediately started trying to connect without establishing positions and from then on they struggled with getting the proper respect. sounds like your friend knows how it be, and how it do.
that's actually nice that the girls had a choice. in my neighborhood some of the catholic school girls would wear sweat pants under their skirts on the walk to school and then take the pants off once they got there.
in my school girls had to do a trouser protest in the 90s to get the option of trousers. glad boys are getting their say too hopefully we can change super strict dress codes. one year my school got funny about kids wearing coats in winter because they made the school look scruffy. didn't last long after a protest
at my catholic school the girls were allowed to wear pants or shorts instead of the skirts in the winter or summer but most chose to just go with the skirts.
personally, i hope males being able to wear skirts and dresses catches on and becomes a normal option. down here in south florida it's so muggy for 8 months out of the year that it would be a welcome relief.
boys used to wear shorts and knee socks. incidentally, "boys in shorts and knee socks" feels like something i should probably not have in my search history.
there are totally classrooms without air conditioning in the south. the portable classrooms that all the poor overcrowded elementary schools used were constantly having their shitty portable ac units break, and they never got fixed.
it's good that they are taking a stand against inequality between boys and girls at their school. boys have a right to be comfortable in the heat too.
they didn't admit they were wrong, they just didn't want to go through the trouble. hard to enforce a rule no one follows.
i'm sure you could find some. most people have an above-average number of legs anyways.
can confirm- i wore a kilt once for halloween and i've never been so sexually harassed by women in all my life.
my teacher friends does it like this: he is really strict at the begining absolutely no leeway is given. then when they accept him as authority he tries to connect withthem on a personal level so they want to do what he says. he said that worked wonders for him and i have no doubt as he manages the worst classes in his schools.
just do it bro. thats how it becomes socially acceptable. when you don't give a fuck.
"what are you wearing under your kilt?" is a line i heard all the time when my brother owned a kilt.
maybe the boys should ask the girls not to shave their legs for a while, just to see what happens.
well lucky for me my parents were the ones who taught me to question things so they could only be so annoyed by my shenanigans
if an adult confiscated my child's coat in the middle of winter, i would be at the school anyway, and on a warpath.
yeah, texan checking in here. 86 is fuckin *niceeeeee*.
i think so too because they let go of the rule pretty much immediately after as if waiting for someone to point out there stupid rule.
that's understandable. my son's last day of school here in texas was june 1. he goes back august 28. it's still above 30 c though during that time. on the other end of the spectrum, texas schools close if ice/snow is on the ground.
when we grew up and went to school, there were certain teacher who'd hurt the children in anyway they could
that guy's pronunciation is pretty awful for someone who's supposed to be knowledeable. like he keeps pronouncing kshatriya as ka-sha instead of ksha. such an egregious mistake, just kind of grating to hear.
what of poles that we can't observe or verify? i believe there are only so many poles we can identify and use, but everything else requires the one capability unique to humans, belief. imho, suspending belief and only assenting to verifiable knowledge will only hinder humanity.
i don't think adamson claims to be an expert about it, which is why he does it in conjunction with ganeri. i guess it doesn't bother me because he's clear enough and at the very least consistent. then again i'm so used to speakers butcher french and german (and english) philosophical terms, so it's hard to get too worked up about it.
feels like a alternative historical account of deleuze and guattari. i've been listening to his indian philosophy "without any gaps" that he does in conjunction with peter adamson and it's quite interesting.
english isn't my native language, and despite being fluent in it, i've had a hard time reading this text, and this passage that you quoted specifically. could you tell me if i am getting it right? from what i've understood, this passage suggests that we should face life with an open mind, and not be dogmatic and think that only one way of seeing things(as science) will be the best. it suggests that we should make use of a practical attitude of living totally in the present, do not judge others people or things (example as to block out any kind of learning that would emerge from such encounter). the part of stasis/flux and causal interconnections is quite unclear to me... anyone care to elucidate? thanks in advance!
really fascinated by this: "a naya is not a proposition but a practical attitude, a strategy or policy that guides enquiry: it is an approach to the problem of producing knowledge, not a proposition about the sources of justification. one such policy might be to attend only to what is immediately present in experience, another might be to enumerate everything one encounters without making any categorical distinctions, another to attend to stasis rather than flux, or to causal interconnections rather than to essential attributes." thank you for sharing this. knowledge is difficult to attain (socrates seems to think it impossible) but strategies like these at coming closer to knowledge are truly a breath of fresh air during times of such chaos.
there is a epistemological framework that state that distinctions are the basis for grasping reality. without tracing distinctions, you can't see anything. it may be an illusion, but it might be a necessary one.
there seems to be a whole lot of stuff hanging off the biblical reference to a tree. first, the "tree of knowlegde" in the bible is not the tree of all knowledge...it is the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. second, among the majority of biblical scholars it is considered purely literary/metaphorical. it does not have an actual species. ok, interesting discussion here otherwise. please carry on.
he does frequently apologize for his weak pronounciation though.
this all sounds a bit like "alienation of labor" from marxism. i could be totally wrong, i went to culinary school and learned all of my philosophy from stoned college kids.
it's going through examples of strategies to gain knowledge (or at least ways of examining the possibility of gaining knowledge). the first two methods as you mentioned are 1) only paying attention to things that are present and around you or 2) examining things as they come without making judgements about them. the first of the other two methods is to only examine things that are in stasis 'stay the same' as opposed to usual methods of examining things in flux 'that are changing'. the second is to examine a things 'causal connections' to other things rather than any specific attribute of the thing itself. by causal connections it mean the way it effects other objects or concepts, what it causes to happen.
you've misinterpreted this piece, it does not make a relativist claim that all ideas are of equal value. it makes the claim that there exists different legitimate approaches to **producing** knowledge, not that all sources of **justification** are legitimate. i would recommend you reread the second and third paragraphs.
treebeard once said: "things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." but that's also what my old roommate would say after a bong rip..
what did your buddy snorting the rails of cocaine use to say? ;)
the tree of knowledge is civilization, totalitarian agriculture, and man taking his life into his own hands. where before we lived in the hands of god as other animals do, we now play god on our own and routinely feel the consequences of the original sin. daniel quinn ishmael
by definition, it is a talent or ability. juggling, cooking, public speaking. it's a specific function that can be exercised, developed and has a tangible, observable outcome. confidence, if you think about it, is faith in yourself and your abilities. it's more of a demeanour (or, as i said, a trait) than anything else.
because confidence isn't a task. you *are* confident. there are skills associated with confidence, but confidence itself is a disposition.
a skill is a skill. social, mechanical, physical or whatever. just because you may not like the particular skill someone is commenting on, doesn't give you the right to ban them or shame them from using iwtl. if you don't like the skill or issue that someone is discussing, don't read it! it really is that simple.
the only way to be confident is to act confident and hope it eventually sticks. i'm not a very confident person and introverted to boot, though fairly sociable. there are a ton of people who think i'm an extrovert based solely on baseless bravado that i throw off as confidence. to be confident, you only need to fake it till you make it.
i agree, but without categorizations, why bother with different subreddits?
the problem i have with soft skills here is that i think their learning processes generally need to be more suited to the actual person. for a hard skill, any procedures or resources can be applicable to pretty much anyone. soft skills are often like: "here's *my* problem, how do *i* go about solving it?" for hard skills it's almost always "how does *one* go about learning this?" and that's why soft skill requests are repeated more often. they're more likely to be about the person than the subject, so more people want to post their own thing instead of searching. basically i think soft skills should be allowed, but people should try to keep both requests and responses general so it's useful for everyone. personal advice is better suited to a different sub.
but you're advocating placing them all in the same pot... there are no "different fields" when everything is in the same field. that's what categorization is for. you need different fields if you are to cross them
i'm trying to figure out what the hell everyone is complaining about.
just because you only know of the one way to do it doesn't make it less of a skill...
very true, but i personally feel that if i'm going to bother someone with a question i should at least take the time to phrase it and work on it a little bit. i know, it isn't going to catch on, but i'll keep trying.
right. so then, when a person comes to you and asks "i want to learn to be confident", then they are asking you what tangible, observable things that they can do in order to develop a sense of confidence. i think that the "observable" part might be where the confusion lies: a feeling of confidence is observable *to the person who experiences the feeling*. but not anyone else. they can look at that persons actions and judge whether or not they seem confident, but cannot observe the persons emotions directly. like i've said though, just because its not something you can do, doesn't make it any less observable. the person performing the act will be able to judge whether or not the strategy they have developed has increased their sense of confidence, and that makes anything that they have done to gain that a skill. it just doesn't seem like it from an outside perspective.
i think you might be a bit of a "bitter dick". i think of this subreddit as a place to learn tips and tricks to becoming better as a person (including the emotional management).
because ideas grow better when you let them cross-germinate in different fields.
if you could improve your height with practice then height would be a skill.
right there in the sidebar: "*iwanttolearn is meant to help people who are looking for help starting a major project or learning a new skill.*" right there with you, this stuff isn't supposed to be here.
if you think critically about the question, you can see that a person isn't actually asking to learn how to confidence, but what things they can do to achieve confidence. those things, taken together, are a skill. all you've presented is a semantic argument.
i'm sort of torn. social skills are still skills. not being awkward around guys/girls isn't exactly learning to play guitar, but it is something to learn nonetheless. maybe it should be upon the mods to push those kinds of questions to the right place. threads like this aren't exactly welcoming to newcomers, and those newcomers may not fully grasp what this sub is to be about. a friendly nudge would probably be sufficient.
using the example "iwtl how to not feel anxiety in social situations", this is a broad and generic skill, and without a much more refined question it cannot bear any real help. a better question would be "iwtl anxiety management techniques" or "iwtl scientific methods to manage anxiety." the broad question can be approached this way, but a more refined question fits this sub better and will more likely yield results for the poster, as these questions ask for a specific skill.
if we're arguing about whether or not something is a skill, that *is* a semantic argument.
i see your point, but what you're referring to is more of a phrasing than the question itself. for example, when i read the op, i disagreed because iwtl is iwtl, not iwtl a specific skill. unfortunately, wanting people to prase things a certain way is really fruitless. if everyone could ask questions about certain things in a clear, concise way that would yield the best results, we'd all be sitting around holding hands and singing kumbaya.
i blame the people who upvote them more than anything.
thats an excellent personal criteria for judging whether or not you vote and comment on a post, but it doesn't work as well when it's a general rule.
but you can practice confidence via different techniques and you learn to become confident. i would say that's a skill. yes some people are more naturally confident, but i know that at times i have learnt to become more confident (although deep down still having no confidence still) and became a better person due to it. blegh, i hope this makes sense... i'm drunk...
yes, and i am stating that you have not presented anything other than that semantic argument. do you have any objections to the ideas themselves?
the only common thing between java and javascript is the name.
hate to bombard you with questions, but...is it possible to make simple rpg/jrpg games with javascript? also, does codeacademy teach java script?
true, but life is much easier if you choose a specialization that has a high opportunity/dreamchasers ratio. becoming an edm dj or freelance photographer? horrible idea, the number of opportunities out there is tiny compared to the masses of people also chasing the same dream. electrical or mechanical engineering? much better. accounting? probably the best, but there's few people who desire to become accountants for a damn good reason. the relatively high and stable pay makes up for it, however.
japanese on duolingo is supposedly very bad and at times, incorrect. just as a warning. duolingo isn't the greatest language learning resource. it's okay for more basic languages.
i've been learning french and japanese on duolingo. it's so easy and accessible. and keeping a daily streak for any habit will help, so keep that in mind.
java: make simple video games. then jump to android (it's actually java). you'll learn an invaluable skill.
people here have the right idea. the world you're going to come out into is going to be heavily dominated by computer programming.
i've heard that, my question was which is better to learn (especially if you want to get into app development)?
specialization is valued in our economy. if computer programming is your thing then go ahead. if its not, then do something else.
if yer a furry then yeah, not hard. well, i guess something might be...
no idea, never had spanish. i do know a bit of french.
you would sound like a perfectly authentic francophone speaking english!
faked british accents aren't cool in my opinion. mostly because i went to school with a really annoying girl who always tried to impress by putting on her most posh stupid accent in class. ugh. hated her. she wasn't even that great at english. usually i don't mind my own accent since i can't hear it too much but sometimes i get self conscious about the fact that it'll stick with me forever, even if i move to an english speaking country. i don't wanna be that foreigner nobody can talk to because while they're speaking english, you have no idea what they're saying because of a heavy accent.
great story, i wonder how these kids (all grown up now) feel about the creation of an independent kurdish state which is closer than ever. the iraqi krg are holding a referendum on a kurdish state/kurdish independence very soon, and the sdf and ypg/ypj have almost a de facto state in the north of syria.
but a porcupine concubine could be a thing ya know ?
how the hell is hmm-mmh supposed to be pronounced? do you mean mmh- hmm?
sure, eliza dushku, who is faith from buffy, her family is from albania. she went a few years back and did some stuff there and got an eagle tattoo.
some were very young when they left. one said that her first memory was the red cross air drops of food while they walked to turkey.
we use both, didn't know british don't use yelling. there's also hollering here.
[](/ppseesyou "hello flair") horses or no horses, that's really not a question when you just want light conversation :p [](/sp) also i feel like geography classes and history classes over the world don't mention much of albania maybe to send the message that it's a boring country ;)
i still worry about using the word "chagrin" because for the longest time i didn't know if the "ch" was hard or soft. (afaik it's soft - "sha-grin")
the word that fucks me up the most, as a native (american) english speaker is jaguar. is it jag-war or jag-u-ar? i only hear people rich enough to own one (the car, not the cat) say it the second way, but i'm not rich enough to own one so idk.
don't worry, i'm 16, live in america, and have no clue what a concubine is
hey, i love dirty jokes. make it anyway. boy can i relate to that last line. sometimes i forget my own accent and switch to an extremely southeastern, extremely irritating accent that i probably picked up from spending so much time with our relatives who live in a southeastern town. i also roll my r's all the time. doesn't help that in my native language the rolled r and the soft r are separate letters.
i've visited tirana, it was mind blowing cause we went in february and it's the farthest south i've been inside europe (am from estonia myself). freaked out lots of people because i refused to wear a coat in something like 15 degrees - we were having -10 at home so i had no interest in giving a fuck.
i wouldn't know. i'm hoping to ditch my accent anyway. i barely use my native language anymore, lol. despite living here still. communication is easier in english.
there isn't really a modern use for it. a man might have a mistress or a 'kept woman' but generally speaking he's not trying to use them for backup kids if his wife can't produce an heir. you could live a perfectly normal life without ever knowing what it meant.
oh god i really hope you didn't refer to morbid things as mormon out loud i would have died of embarrassment
that made me smile lol. thank you. fortunately i'm getting over my stutter bit by bit, and now it's pretty much only there when i'm around strangers or some pretty girl. lmao. also, i love your attitude towards all this stuff. you sound like a fun person to be around.
english is fun like that. like, hy-per-bo-le, not hy-per-bole. why is it "pronunciation" while you "pronounce"? the list is endless!
english is my native language and i've honestly never heard condominium used, like ever. i googled it, they're just flats aren't they?
yeah, she's albanian. also fun fact, the eagle is our national symbol which explains the tattoo. our flag is a two headed eagle too. we're badass as fuck.
i'm definitely going to pronounce it "an-tell-oh-pee" now.
maybe plethora you were getting confused with poinsettia?
it's kind of funny since you know her... but as someone who has similar problems, i would highly encourage you to help her pronounce things correctly. i say a few things oddly/incorrectly (and i can't hear the difference/it sounds right in my head but my mouth doesn't do the right thing) and it makes my coworkers lose respect for me and generally people think i'm less intelligent (when that isn't the case, i received excellent grades in university and excel at work). it's very frustrating and could cause self esteem issues for some people (luckily, i know myself well enough that i can brush it off/get irritated with myself rather than sad). please. do her a favour and *help her learn* to do it right, or she'll have more difficulty as she gets older. don't giggle about it because that type of attention might make her think it's ok to sound dumb and that is something you'll both regret when she's trying to break into a professional setting.
that's why i figured i'd point it out! i know that sort of thing can get lost in translation with second languages
i know and i don't get the logic. the hell do you mean it's not ar-kansas?
points out what? also, if you don't mind me asking, which sounds do you usually make instead of th?
i am dutch. i know a bit of french and german, and english obviously.
mother theresa and john belushi also are albanian!
i used to read the word 'misled' as 'mizzled' and thought it meant something like annoyance or feeling indignation. i was 18 when i found out it was not a word. i still use it sometimes because i like it.
when i was in middle school, saddam was really cracking down on the kurdish population and a lot of them were being given political asylum in the us. i was volunteering with an old teacher with some kids who were upper elementary through early high school. they were fresh off the boat. most had been in refugee camps for years. their english was not so good, but they wanted to learn the language and the customs of the us. one of the best phrases was, "it's too much hot outside." we would go to the beach regularly (which you do in san diego) and they would always yell "we're going to the bitch." pronunciation wasn't where it was supposed to be. they were good kids. i still use the phrase, "it's too much hot outside."
i... have no words. i like you man. hey, i think the little things like "weird" accents and speech impediments make listening to a person talk more fun, though i probably am a huge hypocrite for saying that because i have an awkward stutter and loathe myself very deeply for it. i doubt you sound as silly as you think.
i'm in britain and when i first came here i used to say yelling instead of shouting (yelling is american i learned) and i used to pronounce yogurt - yo(as in the greeting)gu(didnt really pronounce the r correctly)t
i think so too, but i also think everyone is their worst critic. i am by far my worst critic. most people never mention the little quirks that my speech has, really. and don't feel bad about having a stutter. i mean, samuel l. jackson has one and is one of the most beloved actors in the whole film industry! i cannot say that i know the struggle, but anyone who gives you a tough time for something as small as a stutter isn't worth your time anyhow. it's the little things that make us unique!
oh god, it seems like every class has that girl. i'm not a judgamental person but i really don't like those people. accents almost always go away on their own, after enough exposure. my uncle learned english in his 20s, then worked with americans for a good two years, and after that his native accent was inaudible when he spoke english, so that's not something you should worry about too much. i personally don't want to "grow out" of my accent, but that may have to do with the fact that i'm very pathriotic lol
epitome is a fun word. i can never remember the right way to pronounce it so it's a 50/50 chance of me getting it. luckily i don't use it often. as another non native english speaker i feel your pain. i've made myself look silly so many times, although mostly by mispronouncing things. i do tend to research words so i know how to use them, as i come upon them.
well that's one lifetime of doubt solved. thank you! i just don't know whether medicine is said like medi-sayn or medi-sin, or whether direction is said like die-rection or dee-rection. i get this ee vs ay/ey problem quite a lot
i feel you on the epitome thing. fortunately i was told that even native speakers get that wrong a lot too, so you don't have to worry too much about the 50% of the time that you pronounce it wrong. lmao my best friend (he's from england, we know each other through the internet) will never stop making fun of me for pronouncing extremely like ex-trem-ley or pronouncing british like "braytish" for the longest time
when i was young i read *a lot* like and absolute ton of books. so that would often expose me to words that are not often spoken in day to day conversation. one such word was "awry". so fast track to 9th grade and we are reading "of mice and men" and my english teacher (who was awesome) explains the old saying that inspired the title "the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry". when he pronounces awry, i promptly corrected him. he looked at me weirdly and said "that's not how you pronounce it!" so i was pronouncing it like aw-ry (with the ry being pronounced like the ree in reed, it kind of sounded like erie) but the way my teacher was pronouncing it was like the ending sounded like rye. turns out i was completely wrong but because of only ever reading the word in books and never hearing it, i had made up a pronunciation that i, in my infinite wisdom deemed "the only way". i was a complete doofus.
i have a few friends there, they pronounce it ar-can-saw
everyone points it out to me at some point. it's pretty annoying because my ex's best friend would mock me for it every time it happened. at least i know i'm not alone in my inability to pronounce it!
things have changed. it's gotten a lot colder over here, so you'd no longer get weird looks from not wearing a coat in 15 degrees. also tirana may be the capital, but it's not even the best city. the south has plenty of cool places you should check out if you ever visit us again, like butrint or himara.
oh that reminds me, that one of the first things i (repeatedly and increasingly angrily) asked my poor exchange partner in school was "how much watch is it?", being convinced that this is how you ask for the time in english. on a other occasion, i thought it would be a good idea to learn english from books like alice in wonderland. this resulted in a rather awkward oral exam where i used "i beg your indulgence" to ask for permission to speak. (much to the amusement to our teachers)
a lot of people point out my speech impediment when it's on a word that is changed by it. i can't say "three," i say, "free." it gets confusing and people say "free what...?" that's not a big deal, i just clarify that i can't pronounce the word "three" and they understand. but "brother," is my least favorite word in this regard. my ex's friend would always repeat how i say the word as soon as i said it. "so, my bruvver and i were hanging out and-" "ha, bruvver!" it always made me not want to finish the story because it made me so self-conscious of this one thing that i can't pronounce that seemingly everyone else can. she did this a lot and i never stuck up for myself. the "th" sound can be a v, f, d, or t to me. it's super annoying.
if you didn't already know, you might want to add knowing the distinction between "compilation" and "compulation". that one bit me in the butt for a long time.
correct. we like being conveniently close to greece so we can steal their olive oil with ease.
that's fantastic! i am sure you know more russian, german and italian than i -- even if you don't think you do! :) i commend you for learning other languages - that's quite a skill to have and know! :)
jesus that's sad. people forget that iraq wasn't a sunny paradise when saddam and the baathists were in power. did you learn some kurdish from them?
my partner is native english speaker, but because he grew up reading a lot rather than talking to other people, some of his pronunciations are a bit off. bagels are "baag-ells", prius is "pry-uss", and graham is "grey-ham" among other things. if he makes a mistake, he says "my bag" instead of "my bad", because he apparently mis-heard it the first time and then just kept hearing it that way.
yeah, which definitely showed that j. k. rowling doesn't no shit about albania other than that it's eastern and remote and mysterious or something.
i am fluent in english (consider it more my primary than secondary) but most of my vocab comes from reading a lot of books. this means some of those words i never heard out loud and so i would have to make educated guesses. my friend had to tell me i was pronouncing "courtesy" incorrectly. the word "court" is in there, how was i supposed to know it was "curt-esy"? also lingerie was weird. learned how to say it right by a friend in high school. kind of the opposite but the word "cancel" is for warped in my mind so i can never hear it in my head correctly. i can say it out loud just fine though lol.
this is the curse of book worms everywhere! i've lost count of how many words i've pronounced wrong because the spelling is so completely off from how they sound. the most recent one was cliche. i always pronounced it as "click" for some reason until a friend corrected me. i'm 35 and a native english speaker.
okay, so this reminds me of my friend so much i had to comment. my friend calls everyone son, and he is the youngest sibling of his family, so he was talking to his sister when we were going out to eat and he was like "sit down, son!" so she responds with "okay, dad." he freaked out lol! he was like "don't call me that!" it was so hilarious, i think he finally realized how awkward calling his siblings son was haha.
fwiw, there are parts of the south where people pronounce initial "th" as a "d." so they'll say "ovah dei-uh" for "over there."
well we have surrogates now. i guess that's functionally the same. and "mistress"... you mean side chick?? since we're talking about modern words for things lol.
well, she's not wrong with what she knows. i was personally overjoyed when i saw my country mentioned in my most favorite book series ever. 7 year old me was crying so hard.
do you know how to pronounce spanish? use the spanish vowels: puteitou - putaatou tumeitou - tumaatou the u is not quite like the u in spanish though, maybe closer to the french ou?
i thought mormon and morbid were the same until i was 12.
i only visited 2 years ago, has it really changed that much since? didn't get to pick out where i was going since it was school related, but i'll definitely keep it in mind if i happen down there again.
english spelling is just too irregular to be used to explain how to pronounce things haha anyway, the *potato* and *tomato* difference is in the *a* in the middle: drawn out *aa* like in *aah* the interjection, or a short *ay* like the second a in *anyway* ooh i think i managed to explain! ???
i've heard of it, but only because it was mentioned in harry potter.
spanish is my first language but i'm an english teacher, and i still struggle with words like 'order' or 'tartar'. if i can i just pronounce them like i have a british accent
i think foreign accents are really cool, and i am not just saying this because i have one. it's just really cool that you're listening to this person from an entirely different background with a different culture and language communicating with you in a language that you both understand, and the accent is proof of that. that being said, that best friend's ex boyfriend is definitely guilty of bullying me into having a semi-british accent for a full year.
aw, thank you. but i really can't speak italian or german to save my life. i hated having to take italian at school and german just won't get through my head, but i'll see how russian goes. it's a language i actually *want* to learn, so...
english is my first language and i just learned what concubine means
english is my mom's first and only language. i learned a few days ago she's been pronouncing "falcon" wrong. be proud you're able to learn a second language!
albania may be much more well known than you think. don't sell yourself short. your ancestors had guts. they survived the worst of humanity could offer.
tartar is hard because there a two allophonic pronunciations that mean different things. when pronounced tar-t*e*r, it means an pre-modern steppe people, and variety a of mayonnaise-based sauce often served with seafood, which is inexplicably named in their honor when pronounced tar-t*a*r, if refers to potassium bitartrate, a carboxlyic acid that is a common byproduct of wine-making. in short, english orthography is only marginally predictive of a given word's pronunciation.
you should start putting on an irish accent, then you can pronounce all your th's as t's and no one will notice.
english isn't my native language and sometimes i blank out on the basic english words (like dresser) and replace it with the czech equalivent.
much of learning english pronunciation is just about hearing the words in context a lot (because the pronunciation doesn't make sense, you just have to hear it enough to remember it instinctively). you mentioned you were from albania. do you tend to dub movies there? if so, i suggest starting to watch more movies and tv-series with the original english speech. that's a very good way to learn pronunciation. i'm from norway, and here we only tend to dub cartoons. movies and tv-shows just have subtitles. i think that's one of the main reasons that 80-90 % of the population knows english. as for the word "medicine", it is pronounced like "medi-sin" or "med-uh-sin"
i'm 35. learned english since i was 8. living in the uk for 12 years now. working with english people and communicating freely in casual and corporate talk. still can't pronounce 'categories' correctly.
i am a native speaker and i distinctly remember doing exactly that when i was young.
english is my first and only language, for most of my life i thought melee was pronounced meallea.
thanks! i've got it covered - i'm actually a speech therapist (although i will admit that giving "therapy" to your own child is *nothing* like working with a client, and probably less effective.) anyway, i do work with her on difficult words, breaking them down and giving her strategies like choosing another word that means the same thing. but for hallelujah there was just no hope.
i'm a native english speaker and until i was 21 i pronounced the name penelope like penna-lope instead of pin-ell-uh-pee
you're not stupid; you're just a non-native english speaker making a few mistakes with a *super* confusing and jumbled language; i literally can't imagine how hard it is for non-native speakers to nail down the numerous quirks, exceptions, and oddities of the english language.
i just realized i actually pronounce comfortable like comfor table.... had to google the right pronunciation. i feel so silly now
pronuncation is so damn confusing. i'm fluent in english but i still have no idea how to pronounce some every day words, like "library", "medicine" or "direction". i just mumble and pray.
oh god, how did you even word the weed sentence? what did you think you were saying?
same. mine is spanish (i don't know yours) and from spending so much time here i already think in a hybrid english and spanish
mine's albanian. i agree, it's easier to think in a mix of ebery language you know.
some guy at work asked me if i was republican or dominican.
taking a porcupine as a concubine would not, i imagine, be pleasant! thank you for sharing this!
great, you just solidified "albania" as "olive oil stealing thugs". i hope your country's proud! :')
i just recently learned how you pronounce lingerie. took a lot of laughter from my friends though.
i use and read english every day, on reddit, youtube, everywhere, yet sometimes i need to check online for translation of common, everyday words. today for example i had to look up "performance" (which, btw, is a word used here as well) because i didn't remember the translation from my language. one thing i never understood (and am too lazy to do a research about) is the difference between ape, monkey and chimp. we have one word for all "generic monkey-like animal" in my language.
you mean 'copulation'? or 'computation'? seriously, google search for 'compulation' only shows results for misspelled 'compilation'.
one of my best friends in high school used to talk about rowing, like fighting? and all i could think of was, "as in...a boat?"
english is my native language and i only this year finally understood both meanings of the word sorry. i before only understood it to mean i regret doing something like i'm sorry i broke your favorite vase grandma. i would get a bit confused when people would sorry for the death of someone else's loved one. "i'm sorry your uncle burnie died" "why are you sorry did you kill him". in my second language esperanto in such a situation one says kompaton which means compassion to you or mercy to you. comparing these two i finally understand sorry also communicates the same basic idea.
again, thank you. who knows how much potential embarrassment you've saved me. my native tongue is albanian. i swear, if you've ever heard of albania i'm going to be seriously amazed.
it's nothing, son. (don't mind me, i tend to call people son. i even call my dog son.)
oh, chimps are the abbreviation of chimpanzees? then we do have a word for it. so is ape a synonym of primate?
i can't even say! it sounded *nothing* like hallelujah, though! howl-uh-jew-luh how-jew-loo-luh howa-lew-jew-juh she just couldn't get it!
i've always been curious, i'm serbian and our national symbol is also a two-headed eagle. why do you think it's like that? byzantine influences?
aw, that's actually really cute. how did she pronounce hallelujah, if you don't mind me asking?
chimps are chimpanzees and apes are like a grouping of animals like gorrlias and humans and monkeys are apes with tails.
i was going to make a dirty joke, but i don't want to come off as a jerk! for the longest time, i couldn't pronounce melancholy. i didn't realize it was pronounced "melon-collie" and terribly marred it to the point where i can't write how i pronounced it. i also cannot pronounce the "th" sound and roll my r's by accident. i'm a native speaker, i just suck at speaking my native language!
i've heard of albania! i only know one person from there though, skanderbeg! only know it from euiv though, used them to skewer the silly kebab(ottoman empire).
oh don't worry i don't mind at all! i just figured i'd let you know in case it could help in the future
oh! haha, i don't think i've even posted much there. small world, eh?
glad to know i'm not the only one who thought it was pronounced like that!
i'm american and i've heard of albania! it's where voldemort hid in the harry potter series
i was going to say that the only difference between a porcupine and concubine is in whether you give or receive a prick. yeah, i have no idea where the rolled r's come from for me. i live in a rural town in the northeastern us, so you'd think i'd have a really backwoods sounding accent. but no, my r's are rolled, my "th" noise is nonexistent, and i sometimes turn my l-sound into the sound you make when you pronounce the letter y. it's a weird bunch of speech-impediments that make me sound silly.
english is our second language in our country. as a kid, my wife thought "perishable goods" meant something for the parish.
hah i was browsing serious conversation and read one of your comments, and i thought "dang taalnatie is familiar!" now i realize why!
i'm the opposite. i use english so much (on the internet, of course) that sometimes i forget words in my native language and use the english equivalent, but with an atrocious accent and bad pronuncation.
i also used them interchangeably and was never corrected. i wonder why that is.
i learned english mostly from books, games, and paper dictionaries (this was in 90's pre-internet). so i had trouble with words that had double meaning in slang or colloquial language. when i went as exchange student, i remember these: - "date" - had couple of girls to ask me out on a date - i didn't understand what they wanted and i unwittingly turned them down (still feel a little cringely when i think about that) - "mess" - i had couple of people think i shat my pants when i just wanted to say they got a bit muddy because it was raining outside - "weed" - i accidentally had someone send me a dealer because they though i wanted to buy marijuana. it was a bit awkward when a car stopped by me at 10 pm trying to sell me weed and i had no idea what he was talking about.
lol they are very, very different things! this reminds me of a friend's wife. english is not her native language and they were driving by some condominiums. so as they were passing them she told her husband, look at all those condoms!
i used "than" and "then" interchangeably until around 7th or 8th grade. not a single english teacher ever corrected me on my papers ever. english is also not my first language, but i had been going to school in the us since 3rd grade.
i try to avoid saying it unless it's in an obvious joking manner but i do agree that i'm not the best at judging whether it's appropriate to joke around or not. thank you lol
colonel. that word just fucked me up. (it's pronounced like kernel!)
that made me chuckle. i love kids sometimes. and i think it was really nice of you that you volunteered to help refugees and all, too. ah yes, the good old beach vs bitch struggle. i know that too well. there's also the lesser known coke vs cock struggle.
then i guess it varies. maybe your teachers were still very exposed to their native tongue and spoke it constantly?
i live and work in an english speaking environment, and consider myself close to fluent. but my brain refuses to call styrofoam anything but flamingo. hey, where did we put those flamingo boxes? alway get confused looks, and then i get confused, cause my brain just wont accept that styrofoam is not called flamingo in english.
know the feel, haha. i have many friends from england as well and constantly get bullied for how i pronounce pretty much everything. ain't my fault i have an accent, guys :(
well i have my doubts based mainly on my english teacher who was a brit that had lived in my country for 30 years and still had a thick accent. and the russian chemistry teacher in high school who had also been here for like 25+ years..
eminent and imminent being disparate, marginally different, words is irksome to me, for some reason.
i get that too! i only remember that 15 in italian is quindici because i was reading something out loud in italian class and read the number 15 in my mother tongue instead, and everyone rushed to correct me while laughing.
that made me chuckle. that little misunderstanding must've made your life sound pretty interesting until you cleared it up.
so, you heard the word "concubine" and thought of your friend's wife, huh?
"eppitomee" somehow i never had trouble with that one. or most words, really. english pronunciation is a huge inconsistent clusterfuck and i have *no idea* how i can tell how everything is pronounced but i usually can.
i lived on koch lane in america for years. there was no consensus pronunciation of it. i heard cork, coke, cosh, cock, cotch, corsh, but never the actual german pronunciation of koch (like scottish loch). i gave up and just spelled it.
are you *getting* or *catching* crabs while having sex on a crab fishing boat?
i know, like half of their bullshit is actually decent. i just wish that the other half was the old discovery channel. then maybe i'd pay for cable again
so we get smarter everyday, vsauce.... and then... colin furze shows up and the whole cycle seems to be repeating itself.
that's nuts, i feel like that song was *everywhere.*
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i told my wife that tlc stood for "the learning channel," and she absolutely did not believe me. shit's depressing.
that sounds like putting the cart before the horse by my recollection. you *could* download things like that by the time mtv went bad but casual streaming was still a few years away.
i hate when people think bloodhound gang was a one hit wonder band. i own all of their albums and the are all fantastic.
my horrible alcoholic degenerate of a father loved that song, and as bad as our relationship was, air guitaring next to him while getting a lift to school will always be one good memory i keep. oddly, another one is putting my cat down when i was a kid, and having "walk of life" on the muzak at the vet office. finally, romeo and juliet was playing the time my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend in high school. i'm admittedly tepid about dire straits, but i'll be damned if they haven't randomly imprinted into my life more than most bands i listen to constantly.
discovery channel really sucks now. it's all this semi scripted, docu-soap style crap. they need to show more animals having sex.
look at us, making shower thoughts in shower thoughts.
"the bad touch" by the bloodhound gang, just in case you are wondering, haven't read comments to see if someone has said it.
maybe wet dreams are just young guys being raped by ghosts.
it's also very predictable and yet still entertaining. "the crew of the wizard is not having a good day." "keith sucks! this sucks! we've been up 48 hours, we're only getting 10 crab per pot. this is not what i signed up for!" "a hundred twenty six miles northeast, the northwestern comes up on the pots it left to soak before it went to dutch harbor. tensions are still really high." crew member: "fucking sig, man, i can't believe he said that shit in harbor." sig: "oh they're fishermen, fishermen talk shit sometimes. i'm just hoping that these pots are full of crab so people get the fuck over themselves." pot comes up. "holy shit! we got crab!!" sig: "that's what i'm talking about!" crew member: "yeah i still hate what sig said but we're like, a family, you know, and good work is good work."
one of the songs my dad liked. if i hear it i'm blasting it.
as a child i never realised this spells fuck in the military alfabet, the things you miss as a kid..
farouk, farouk, farouk is on fire. we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn. burn motherfucker burn. what did farouk do to piss off the bg?
i mean almost 20 years, id say that's a decent chunk of a lifespan.
cky? yes actually. the singer left the band now though and chad ginsburg(guitarist) does vocals now. it's....odd. i don't know if i like it yet. they're doing warped tour this year
speaking of ghosts and showers; if ghosts are real, they are absolutely touching themselves while watching us in the shower.
they still make some damn good music. still juvenile as they were when i was 13 too
don't forget deron now has a new band, 96 bitter beings. also a bit odd but they have the benefit of having the voice of cky, they still play cky songs live.
brum brwaaah bwumm bra brum bra brow brum, brum brum brum bra brum bra bra
i really wouldn't mind having the crab fishing show* if on the rest of the time i got good science programs. * i actually like the crab show... :(
me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about.
this also applies to the history channel. i think tlc is too far gone to save...
damn, people have some uptight work environments if the word "penis" is nsfw.
i ain't afraid of no **sleep** i ain't afraid of no **bed**
just because you like them doesn't mean they aren't a one hit wonder. they fit the definition pretty well. they had one hit song they are known for.
bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bustin bu-bu-bustin
there's literally an interview with the ceo where he explains that this is the case.
if ghosts are invisible and undetectable, you might be fucking one at this very second
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up
i'm 17 lol. should have specified closer my age than the whole generation of millennial ish age people nobody understood my reference :(
so put your hands down my pants, and i'll bet you feel nuts.
that aint workin...that's the way ya do it you get pregnant at 16 on the mtv
you reading this discovery executives? cause guess why no one is subscribing to cable anymore? we want intelligent programming, not rednecks hamming it up for the camera. wtf is wrong with you?
technically, a band needs to have a top-40 hit on the pop charts to be a "one hit wonder" and the bloodhound gang never had a top-40 song. bad touch, their only charting song, hit 52. and i'm a huge bloodhound gang fan.
i had the same shower thought and there are a few outdated references in that song!
i loved cky. not really a fan of the new stuff. since deron left the sound is different too. i didn't know he made a new band though. til
and coca-cola stock isn't flat, so it's still pretty inclined.
i highly doubt anything would want to touch itself if it sees my naked body
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up.
if they have just one song, it's "fire water burn" though. and this thread is about a totally different song which apparently a lot of people have heard, so that's at least two hits
sad story: i am the oldest person in my band by about 7 years (i'm 31). we were talking about this song, and one of our members, who knows the lyrics, goes "i didn't know this, do you know who sissel and eggert were?" i replied "movie critics" he was amazed that i knew (what he thought was) a very obscure piece of knowledge.
have you heard bloodhound gang's song titled " a lap dance is always better when the stripper is crying"? that some classy shit right there..that song never fails to make me laugh.
i agree that mtv would have a rough time playing just videos now, but they stopped being about music long before online streaming of videos was a thing.
he used the word latest correctly. what is your point?
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you'll feel nuts!
yeah, but the other things used to be good. like liquid television.
and it's not even than long since '99... that's depressing
changing it into "tlc", they would have sex with ghosts, really fat people, gypsies, midgets or totally crazy couponing-people.
i was lonelier than kunta kinte at a merle haggard concert that night i strolled on into uncle limpy's hump palace lookin' for love.
aww man. only now do i actually understand that line after seeing it written out and now i'm sad after realising that both of them are dead now
seriously, they stopped being about music like a decade before the music industry started allowing their music videos on youtube. it's like people don't even realize that the music industry was doing everything they could to kill youtube, until they just gave up.
kari is the hotest chick i have ever seen on a screen. i'm not even into redheads either
mtv started airing lots of reality programming in mid-90's, a decade before youtube was started.
can someone explain the "having sex on a crab fishing boat or with gold miners reference" for me? i googled it but didn't come up with anything as clear as the references.
eminems gotta cuss in his raps to sell records. well me too, so fuck will smith!
oh yeah, discovery channel used to be pretty cool before it was ruined by the ignorant masses who apparently prefer overly dramatic dumbasses fishing for crabs rather than discovering the wonders of the animal kingdom.
yeah, mtv stopped being a music channel when cds were still a thing.
if they didn't offer a discount for bundles, people would complain that they were paying the same amount for each service even though there is a reduced overhead for the company when you have multiple services. it isn't like there is a separate line for each service or separate billing, etc... now i can't say the discounts are necessarily proportionate, but there is at least some reason for bundles to exist that are not ridiculous.
i hope your pinto begins to spin and takes out a disabled vietnam veteran.
at least the part of the song that goes "and we would do it doggy style so we can both watch x-files" is still applicable.
i want you covered, want you smothered, like my waffle house hashbrowns
why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck out of here!
i wasn't aware either. i've had this screen name(not on reddit but various places on the internet) since i was literally 13, i feel like i should be more a super fan and up on this stuff but i'm not. i heard rumors that deron pulled some shady shit and chad booted him out of the band, but i'm glad he's still playing cky songs. they were my absolute favorite back in high school. i was on the street team and handed out stickers for the day infiltrate destroy rebuild was released. it was also hat day at school and i had this awful straw hat i colored with black markers to say "infiltrate. destroy. rebuild." around it
tlc? baaa haa haa. what a flaming pile of shit that channel is. i'm still pissed they have the balls to keep their name. what "learning" goes on there? i did learn about trashy gypsies and what wedding dress not to buy.
can confirm time period from username. this guy 90's.
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you feel nuts
*me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about
i think you're missing a few brums in the first line
fuck off m8 there's plenty of folks under 25 that love 80's and 70's music.
i am no papa, sir thinks a lot. but i am glad you're interested in the type of party where everyone gets shitfaced and evaluates the meaning of life and existence. it's fun :d
it's a great novel that i think everyone would benefit from reading. ishmael by daniel quinn
fun fact: a gorilla's average penis size is 4 inches. source: am science.
supervising others is easier. source: i've managed dozens of people at once, and i'm a single father, but managing myself is a struggle.
there are like 8 billion humans on the planet and like a few thousand gorillas? also, among the gorillas there was only one gorilla of the majesty of harambe. so the question is not "would you", but rather... how many more people would you put on the track to save harambe?
you either die as harambe or live long enough to be just another gorilla.
i cannot speak for you, sir. but my ancestors were not monkeys. they were orangutans. hard working, patriotic orangutans.
i thought smiling and dialin was an american saying. your spelling of center as centre, proves otherwise
it is a great book, and changed the way i approached thinking about civilization and progress. however in the many years since, i've come to realize how overly simplistic, and downright wrong ishmael is about what humans were (probably) like before the agricultural revolution. basically, it doesn't look like there were ever any true leaver cultures. we drastically reshaped and changed (and destroyed) our world long before we started farming. farming just gave us the ability to overpopulate. check out the books 1491 and sapiens, they make compelling arguments. i'd say reading ishmael and then studying anthropology is like learning about bohr-rutherford diagrams and then studying chemistry; a great foundation for the concepts, but in themselves oversimplified and inaccurate.
every time a phone rings, a telemarketer dies a little inside.
according to science, it's the shooter's fault, since they shot the gorilla. but morally, it's less certain. source: am science.
when i'm a billionaire, i plan to do exactly what you're describing with someone, but actually save them and give them a ton of money
i don't know anything about you, but you seem like a good person. - slowly dying in a cubicle farm.
i read the whole thing and i'm glad, even though you lost me at centaurs...
this is my favorite quote from anything, ever. when i have house parties and get a little too drunk i bust out the passage and make everyone reflect on how shitty we are. i'm a really fun host.
he's telling them the story of our lord and savior harambe
how do they each compare to the original, if you don't mind me asking? the first is an absolute favorite but i'm scared the others will mar my impression a bit if they don't hold up as well.
it's much easier to stop everyone else from eating the last doughnut than it is to stop yourself from doing it. to stop yourself you need insane levels of endurance, mental fortitude and self control, to stop everyone else you just need a riot shield and a taser.
only the third comment! if only ishmael was more popular than harambe.
yeah. well my team of 10 people. it was cold calling sales so it was a grinding, difficult, painful job. i'm not in that gig anymore, thankfully.
this is the exact reason why you will never be a billionaire
like if adam sandler died, would chris farley have made jack and jill?
coup was a inside job. civilians can't melt steel tanks.
i can get you out u/stormelemental13 but you must do exactly what i say. the cubicle across from you is empty. go to it. now! when i tell you, go to the office at the end of the hall, and use the scaffolding to get to the roof.
"so this kid falls into my enclosure and i'm like.."
those early autumn winds can bring a chill that kills even the heartiest of office people.
me too, and i'm proud to say harambe didn't even cross my mind.
"what does self actualization mean once we achieve the lesser stages of maslow's proposed hierarchical advance through life?" "covfefe"
"nah nah nah, see. everybody is focusing on the kid or the gun, but you gotta follow the bananas. who put the kid there? who knew what the zoo was forced to do? harambe was assassinated by the powers that be because he hooked up with one of their daughters. she had some big, big titties."
*when i say "dank"* *you say "memes!*" *...dank!*
don't worry, he said "again" implying that his staff were already dead once. he'll just reanimate them once his mp regenerates. plus everybody knows that call center telemarketers are really just an army of the undead.
i'm 22 now and slowly losing my eye sight, when do i get access to my adult super vision?
depending where you live, morning meetings could get a bit frosty. not the most pleasant.
it's worse to have lived and experience death than to never live at all -harambe probably
by daniel quinn, an excellent book that changed the way i thought about human history and our culture when i was a young teen. read it, please.
don't forget my ishmael as well. each book tells the story of a different student of ishmael's.
that itself is very profound. not one of us would have known the name if he had never been killed.
on that note, the story of b is also a great read. if you folks haven't read either of these books, do yourself a favor and read them now.
the original was persians and iranians. i had to replace that for proper context in our post-ape-colonized world.
instructions unclear, now i'm in shridevi's cubicle and he *really* likes his personal space...
why does this exist? this animal should be free. i hate how humans can just think this is okay. this animal deserves freedom just like you and i .
i only wish your username was papashmear. and to be invited to said house party.
that's one of the worst subs i've ever seen, yikes. there goes my last few brain cells.
"...but in this situation, who is the guilty party? the parent, the child, or the shooter? please consider this in your groups and then we'll have an open discussion on the harambe problem."
ha that's actually what i meant. mind explaining in excruciating detail?
"and that is why kids, ever since, we have and always insisted on dicks out."
 in 1930, the republican-controlled house of representatives, in an effort to alleviate the effects of the... anyone? anyone?... the great depression, passed the... anyone? anyone? the tariff bill? the hawley-smoot tariff act? which, anyone? raised or lowered?... raised tariffs, in an effort to collect more revenue for the federal government. did it work? anyone? anyone know the effects? it did not work, and the united states sank deeper into the great depression. today we have a similar debate over this. anyone know what this is? class? anyone? anyone? anyone seen this before? the laffer curve. anyone know what this says? it says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. this is very controversial. does anyone know what vice president bush called this in 1980? anyone? something-d-o-o economics. "voodoo" economics. bueller?... bueller?... bueller?
if a train was heading towards 3 humans tied to the tracks, but you could switch the tracks to hit one endangered gorilla on a separate set of tracks, would you?
 bringing back memories man. i despised that answer as a kid, teach me fuck. just telling me to believe you because you're older or my teacher isn't good enough. thankfully the internet came along just in time.
if you grew up in a religious environment where you were punished for saying "well that doesn't make sense..." then you learn early to suppress logic.
i teach in georgia (state). updated science standards are being rolled out here to specifically try to address this next year. most of the new standards ask the students to "obtain, evaluate and communicate" information, as well as to "plan and carry out an investigation" on various standard threads. the focus will be on students discovering the information themselves through investigation instead of simply being told what they need to know by the teacher. yes, this seems like common sense, especially for a science class, but it's better late than never i guess. it seems like most of my students are so used to information being handed to them that when they are asked to think critically, many just shut down.
memorization is not quite the right word. yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). it is the integration that makes it make sense to you. you can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. that is rote repetition until you can recite it. however you can easily recite it and not understand it. i know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. i think i understand what you were trying to say, i just have issues with the word memorization for it.
decreasing access to resources = less empathy. we're just like any other animal in that way.
glad i just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy.
so what most schools are trying to do is teach all kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own. but this is debatable as far as effectiveness. do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with? will it work with less capable students? there isn't any conclusive answers yet. but it seems to not be any worse so why not try. that said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned.
with common core, i explain its useful application in life. it trips me up that people try to defend the position against any use of common core math. try this the traditional way using mental math: 6,666 - 777 = ? people get confused trying to borrow 10 three times from the next place over. common core logic lets you measure the distance between tge two numbers: it takes 223 to get from 777 to 1,000 6,666 minus 1,000 is 5,666 5,666 plus 223 is 5,889 in expanded form to check the addition part: we know that 5000 + 600 + 200 + 60 + 20 +6 +3 = 5,800 + 80 + 9 = 5,889 but people think that thisis longer somehow. maybe different, but try writing out the traditional method in words similar to what i did. im an accountant and use common core tactics on a regular basis because i dont always have my laptop or even a pen and paper handy when certain things come up on the fly in an important meeting. it's extremely effective when youre trying to listen and make sense of the numbers
the main reason i dislike the hash tag is that, intentional or not, it is very similar to "feel the bern" and because of that many audiences will associate your idea with bernie sanders. for some audiences this may be construed as a positive, but for those audiences who disagree with his ideas will not give your idea the light of day and shun it without any thought.
that's good, though. the same thing is happening, from what i've heard, here in ca with common core in high school. students are butthurt that they have to actually work for the answers, because they were trained to memorize for the test. they're adapting, but it's hard. meanwhile, my mother in law teaches 1st grade, and they are easily picking up math that used to be 2-3rd grade material, where they used to struggle with the basics that she used to be teaching in 1st grade.
so basically teach people to learn how to learn effectively?
same. my initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern then i realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar. it might as well be "#do a smart"
it depends a lot on the area you are living in. i live in a relatively liberal area and columbus was indeed not taught as good. my cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on columbus.
i don't think people should be allowed to vote without photo id.
i disagree. empathy can hamper critical thinking and result in poor decision making. the human empathy response is triggered disproportionately to individuals and can leave the big picture unattended to. it can lock people into empathizing with a particular group at the expense of another. critical & rational thinking can transcend these pitfalls.
and the bread and butter of a stem degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity. if you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. the whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. where as in any la degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation.
if you want more critical thinkers, we as a society need more focus on stem as a whole.
agree with you. feelings aren't arguments. feelings aren't facts. feelings aren't mutually constituted.
i think the tie in is the fact that religious belief is so much more widespread and dominant in american society than it is in other western democracies. more than fifty percent of americans believe in a literal flood, that the earth is 6000 years old and that jesus rode into town on a dinosaur (the last one was sarcasm).
this is the primary basis of common core math. people who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills. and tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems. 7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense.
by teaching. teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts. it's met with resistance, but it's the only way. otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards.
one reason we don't have enough critical thinking is because we allow our teachers to be far too emotional with our children. many students spend more time with their teachers than they do with their families. this should not be allowed but we do it because school is tuition free child care. parents feel better when their child's teacher behaves like a surrogate. this leaves the bulk of a child's education up to the school and many schools are very opinionated. i agree we need more critical thinkers, but that would mean we need children to spend more time at home in order to prevent too much similar thought. everyone's families is a bit different and that is what helps us to inject our society with varied thought.
but wait! we gotta know, are you... or are you not... a professional quote-maker?
the thing is as far as you say something controversal you get scrutinized and labeled by both sides. we need more open minds, but it's hard when everyone lives in his own bubble.
i dunno, i'm taking linear algebra this semester and if you had asked me what 7+8 was randomly on the street i would have had to think about it. the farther i get in math, the more it seems to me like the only time real math uses numbers is to put it in the calculator.
everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine".
ap history is often much better about that than normal history classes, unfortunately.
this is really interesting to me, i never received a formal public education growing up. what you described is how i do math in my head all the time. i've sometimes thought its a backwards way to reach an answer to a problem but i've always found it intuitive to solving thing i'm not familiar with.
i think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. the thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association.
i don't completely agree with this view. the bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers. you learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis. coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking.
i'm the same or so i thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated. when you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort. reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic. i can't say how many times i've done an hour of googling because i saw a til that had me going no way that's true. or women...
i was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions. i started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one i heard be ignored. may be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. ignoring your kids is not ok.
i used to teach math and currently work as and with statisticians. i have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong. **assumptions** the above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. this generalization is purely anecdotal as i have not conducted any formal research. i have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. for ex: people who have the same experiences.
who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? the most educated are not critical thinkers? what?
problem is, majority of the time, kids are more influenced by their parents than their teachers
have degree in maths. yes this is a pervasive issue. my best guess is that it is because they are trying to remember what 7+8 is rather than figure it out. when you can figure it out, you memorise it naturally over time.
what about those who don't think teaching empathy is a worthwhile effort? i think we can all agree that critical thinking is simply a universally valuable skill, but the importance of empathy is relative.
i see critical thinking as common sense. i don't understand how one can just believe something to be true without questioning it or looking into it in further detail.
if they empathize with one group at the expense of another, i don't believe that is having real empathy. if they had true empathy, they would be much more inclined to see things from all other points of view. not just their own, or whatever group they've chosen to use as a display of their good-nature. which, of course, is still for their own benefit.
you're doing well on the test of life, though. that investigation ability is what will let you succeed in the real world
i think you're assuming that there are fewer adults capable of critical thinking today than there have been previously in history, when there is no evidence, beyond the anecdotal, to support that.
i don't want to write anything scathing, so i'll just suggest you're biased because your entry point into the culture is via english, a language that taught entirely through rote memorization in their country. your understanding of the japanese people is extremely superficial if your conclusion is that "teenagers don't even have strong opinions." it's not that they don't have them; it's that they're not used to be asked about them in school. go visit a japanese home and see if the teenagers there are capable of arguing with their parents coherently.
a lot of people are addressing this only in terms of classrooms, but we only spend 1/3 of our time in the classroom during the school year. one of the things we're missing is television that teaches children to think critically. one of the things that sticks with me is the science channel motto "challenge everything." it is short, but it packs in so much because no matter what you hear or where you hear it from, before you pass it on, you should challenge it and decide if you believe/agree with it. blindly following messages and people, no matter what/who they are, is dangerous and leads to misinformation and ignorance.
critical thinking isn't the problem. people on both sides think critically. bias is the problem. at some point we allowed our biases to outweigh reaching a tenable conclusion. a lot of this has to do with the fact that so many people *are* thinking critically. for example: "a" realizes that "b's" argument is 90% sound, but the last 10% can't be proven/is arguable. so, "a" exploits the situation by arguing "a" is right while poking holes in "b's" 10% that cannot be proven. by doing this, both of them end up talking about two different things and both think they are "correct" since neither one of them concedes. i'm not sure we can fix this sort of behavior.
yeah, in america they teach that too. i don't what that dude it talking about with the whole columbus was good and the vietnam war. any class i ever took from middle school through college did not portray columbus in a positive way.
you'd be better if you could. don't buy into the circle jerk of arithmetic not being important
the problem with history as it is currently taught in the classroom is that the textbook publishers will only publish history that fits with the american worldview of "christopher columbus was good, we defeated all the nasty opponents, and we are currently the best society". if someone were to write an alternate view of the vietnam war saying maybe america didn't belong in it and maybe we did more bad than good, it would be immediately stricken out in editing and would never make the final cut. teachers are encouraged to teach from one source, the textbook, and other sources are only brought up by the 5% of teachers that want to give their students both sides of history. this is all a summary of a point from james loewen's "lies my teacher told me" if you are interested in more on the subject.
yeah. i've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. it is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything. this is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - it's sheepishly following instructions. i suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student.
have said this to almost every professor in college. no phones during a test because you need in the real world? i can find every formula in the history of man through this! point being, even they knew it was just memorize and regurgitate. that's our system folks.
the problem with schools is that it is treated very much like a business. the higher up business men don't want the younger generation to question them, only to blindly obey what they say for a paycheck and schools make sure children are shaped into that mold.
yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. the tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity.
(i'm a senior in highschool) there is no creativity involved in any core class. it's all memorization. some teachers are better than others but all i do is study info that i'll forget. every highschool student can memorize pointless knowledge now but if you asked them to come up with their own conclusion philosophically they probably wouldn't even have the ability to think deeply enough. the ability to think abstractly is decreasing.
it always sort of cracks me up a little when people start talking about teaching critical thinking. it's a paradox. if you're teaching them anything, they're not really thinking for themselves. the best you can do is leave people alone and hope people come to it on their own. schooling (which is usually where you hear people talking about "teaching critical thinking") usually actively discourages critical thinking by framing all the questions and leading people through a particular thought process.
hah, i got that response way too many times as a kid. got in trouble so many times because i refused to take that as an answer.
the most educated are the least likely to think critically. you can't *teach* critical thinking. education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink. their research even proves this, but they are unable to *realize* this. you want critical thinking? you want to be able to think for yourself? meditate. remove yourself from your phone, constant engagement of communication, and constant inundation information intake. become more self-aware, and see a *real* objective view of the world. ideally you do this when your brain is developing in childhood.
i would agree that this post-modern era and generation has moved beyond the bounds of reason in many ways and a good emphasis on the classic modernist philosophers could really help us use reason and logic to come to our conclusions and guide our beliefs instead of party platforms and whatever our social group says.
hold on... can you explain what is actually good about common core mathematics? i've tried to make heads or tails of it and it makes absolutely no sense.
i'm from the uk and they teach multiple points of view for history, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers.
it seems that proper skepticism and the ability to distinguish fake from real information is absolutely imperative to future generations' success. our world is saturated with all kinds of bullshit.
i'm a teacher. grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. that's why teachers make their tests like that. also, companies like pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school. state tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles. what we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). we need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day. we also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured.
until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence.
hashtags are meant to be memes. they are something short, rememberable, and easily digestible. the only purpose is to get people to tag their posts with them, so that those posts can be tracked, grouped together, quantified, and evaluated. they are also to make it easier for people to search for posts with the tag. #weneedmorecriticalthinkingandhigherstandardsineducation is a fucking terrible hashtag. it's long, cumbersome, and not exactly easy to remember. no one would use it. you want something short and catchy, which #feelthelearn is. also, hashtags came to popularity on twitter, which *does* have a very small character limit, so you don't want a hashtag taking up more than the absolute minimum number of characters.
i'm currently a student in the international baccalaureate diploma program. we have a class called theory of knowledge (tok). it teaches us to question how we know the things we know and in the process helps develop our critical thinking and investigative skills. i am of the opinion that if this class was taught to all juniors and seniors across the us, provided they had some desire to learn, it would greatly benefit us as a society.
yeah. good luck. everyone will agree with this sentiment, and then fling their feces at any critical thoughts that don't agree with their pre conceived notions.
i feel like great math teachers used to teach critical thinking in all aspects of class. but over the years, the focus became more about getting the problem solved by memorizing an gimmicky algorithm instead of learning why and how different methods work. current:teach distribution. then teach "foil" method. then teach reteach distribution again when dealing with trinomials. better idea: teach distribution. show what that really means. let students utilize their own critical thinking to realize they can do it for any system.
i don't have kids, and i'm not sure if you do. i'm not saying ignoring your kids is ok or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. just remember that they are still children. small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice. a parent has to hear this all day long every day. it is part of social development. as they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated.
also culture, comments seem to suggest the american pov (and considering the article is about educational reform since us education system is about to disemboweled). american culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. both have their pros and cons, but american culture really, really, really doesn't promote social welfare.
you can argue about anything without having a strong opinion. and japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think. and no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom. i've met tons of japanese people and have gotten to know them. they share many of the same qualities. ask a japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you. no matter what. i've had two girlfriends. dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class. it's the same. having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in japanese culture. following the norms is.
ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking. you must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is.
it's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). it will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. it's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting. examples: * in my head i did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one. * in my head i did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one.
on the other hand, i know college kids who can't do simple addition and subtraction, like 7+8=15, reliably. memorization of simple math is a sound basis for learning other math.
21 years old here, did the school thing a bit more recently. i wouldn't disagree that there are teachers that want their students to develop critical thinking. you're right, it's not a new concept. it's just not taught effectively at the moment. students resist the extra effort required to think critically and teachers resist the extra effort required to enforce it on them. i would say we absolutely need to revolutionize our education system if it focuses on critical thinking, yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking. how can you be okay with the current state of our education system given the adult population it's produced?
it's not parents, so to speak, but rather our american culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn. there's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture.
something worth saying is worth saying simply. the middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia.
doing simple math is more than memorization. it's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. so you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. you just need to understand the core concept that drives addition. granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. this works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but i think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster.
personally i've found empathy comes as a biproduct of greater education as a whole. the more one knows his history, philosophy, and law the greater one understands the consequences certain actions, legislation, or ideologies can have. i personally agree though with a focus within education that incorporates more of the traditional goals of liberal arts based education, which is the production of well rounded critical thinking citizens. surely there is a balance between the equally as valuable skills of the stem fields, and that of the liberal arts such as philosophy or criminology for example.
most parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically. "why is the sky blue?" "who cares". why does the sun change colors at sunset "i dont know its not important"
but that's stupid. it's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the english language. (if y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) people are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" english as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags. hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. what's important is the message. do you know what the language in question is trying to say? has it communicated this clearly? cool. now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. sheesh.
one of the problems is that i'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests i'm given are all data points, so i'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests.
nah. critical thinking refers to logical analysis of arguments and other presented information. investigation is more than that, and includes things like reaching beyond the logical breakdown of information/arguments, to research root causes, context, related information, examination of sources, etc. someone else called it journalism, and that is sort of true, in that ideally journalism is a form of investigation. a big part of it, though, is learning to come to understand a system, how the system interacts with other systems, and how parts of the system interact with the whole.
i think it is due to the massive (and still growing) wealth inequality. if i can hardly pay the mortgage, and have to struggle every week to feed the family, i promise you i am not going to be concerned with anyone else.
i worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo. i was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. i think that's what got in my craw so i answered the kids questions. it's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions. how's that for compromise?
"yeah, but teaching ethics, metaphysics, epistemology, and so on doesn't produce profit for overpaid ceo's or cheap commodities for us all to consume, so therefore it's worthless to pursue education in. philosophy is interesting, but it just doesn't '''''produce''''' anything, therefore it's not valuable"
that's one huge problem i see: you shouldn't perform simple math like that through memorization. then you won't grasp truly how it works, and your ability to do it will fade with memory. rather you shorten the problem and memorize easier routes to get to it, such as by building tens. you see 7 and know that the sortof opposite of it in base ten (what you'd need to add to it to get ten) is 3. you pop 3 out of 8 and get 5. so you built a 10 and had 5 left over? 15. the way i was taught in school is such that i do this every single time someone asks me to add the numbers, it's a lot faster than my memory would be in most cases.
you're fighting directly against modern culture. "conspiracy theories" and that whole side of investigating things has become uncool and out-group behavior. people unironically use the "tinfoil hat" meme to scare off those who are saying things that make them uncomfortable. how do you even begin fighting back against that? whole generations have been ruined by these attitudes that are only getting worse. people want their safe spaces in this increasingly chaotic world to make sense of things. critical thinking is terrifying to people now because it means they have to face reality. really, how do you fix that?
wi-phi? i thought you guys where dead. i use your vids to help me teach my friends and family about philosophy, i love your stuff. thanks for this!
personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. i mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago i'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction.
wait a minute, "feel the learn"? really? while i'll agree wholeheartedly that the us education system (and likely education systems in basically every other country) need drastic overhauls, i find myself not wanting to side with someone who thinks "#feelthelearn" was a good idea.
i am actually jealous of how kids of the future will learn and understand the world, compared to my no child left behind school experience.
educating oneself it's difficult. being spoon fed is easy. most people don't know that they're being spoon fed. i'm cursed with the knowledge that i can tell the difference, but still too lazy to make an effort.
i agree with the idea of teaching and encouraging people to develop critical thinking skills. however, i think it won't be enough and i get your point and agree especially on the role of emotions part. i think that more than emotions alone, it is related to *cognitive biases* and how we, as humans are prone to making certain mistakes, even if we know the facts about a topic and have the information and can recognize some decisions as irrational, we might still make them, inadvertently. it happens even with scientists and knowledgeable and experienced people, sometimes; that's why there's the saying that "science advances one coffin at a time", which unfortunately has some truth to it (sometimes).
all the more reason to try to teach them actual critical thought. reddit is full of pseudo-critical thought. i go around challenging it, getting downvoted, then occasionally something breaks through. it's been that way for 8 years now and the truth is you just have to keep plugging away. that's how things get done.
the idea of common sense is mostly nonsense. the closest it comes to a consistent definition is a sort of intuitive sense of what is right, and what "makes sense". ur usually the "common sense" answer is also the simplest answer, which means it's wrong more often than right, because literally everything is complex.
funny you should mention that... i was actually put on a team to write new common assessment questions that better align with the new standards. they will not always be simple restating of facts (depth of knowledge level 1) but rather involve more critical thinking and reasoning (depth of knowledge levels 2-4).
i agree, this is how i've always done math in my head. i just think the problem isn't with the teaching standards - common core sounds like it has it's heart in the right place (with math at least - i've seen examples of literature being used to push political agendas). the problem, as usual, is with the teachers. the "teaching revolution" doesn't come from improving methodology for current classrooms, it comes from replacing classrooms entirely. our teachers suck - we are in an era where through internet learning, everyone in the country can be taught by *the best* math teacher, or possibly the 10 best for varying learning styles. until we give up on the current in-person classroom models, we won't see the benefit that modern technology promises for learning.
i am trying to get a job in a city and a country 3000 miles away(where i am originally from). at this point i am pretty sure my resume gets trash binned as soon as my address is seen. one imagines your clients encounter this and other similar problems as well, advice?
his answer from above essentially said to be very open about why you took the break. put it on your resume and and mention it in your cover email.
my last job search i exclusively used the linkedin jobs app. it's separate and standalone from the linkedin app, and it was phenomenal. i just saved two custom searches, sorted by new every morning, and would click my way down the list (so many one-click applications too where you essentially just send the recruiter your linkedin profile and maybe attach a formal resume). found a new job in a matter of weeks. would definitely recommend!
hey, good to know that other people are me too! are you a (ex)teacher too? what's your plan?
cover letters -- how important or not important are these actually? i'm sure it varies greatly by industry and maybe even by geographical location, but in general what are your thoughts on writing them, and ideal length?
so do company's actually use that linkedin site to find employees??
 lie. or do what i do. i'm bad at lying so i tell the truth, i just change it from me to a family member. then i justify that by telling myself that i belong to a family and i have to be a member to belong so i am in fact a family member. not a lie. not the whole truth but not a lie.
i would be very careful with this. our hr department came across several of our own employees who had that setting active and i was told this by my boss so the message was certainly passed on from hr to management.
so how do you get in front of the hiring managers in the software world starting out? i've applied to hundreds of jobs, talked with dozens of hr people and recruiters, done a handful of code challenges, but not a single in person interview. i don't mind getting passed up after being interviewed as long as i can come away with something to improved upon, but i can't even talk with the hiring managers to get an inteview.
hey, thanks for doing this ama! i am curious, i am a former call centre worker who was unfortunately affected by redundancy. i am using this to move to another state closer to family before deciding where i want to go into again. while i do have good references, i feel like with no higher education i will be stuck in the same field and i do not really want to study now as i am in my late 20s. is there choices for branching out to othet fields for someone that's only done the one job for most of their employment history such as call centre work? and what are the best options or advice for pursuing a new career choice when you come from a different industry?
hello my name is jose palacios i am a labor consultant based out los angeles, ca. i been self employed for over two years now. i notice that i am able to receive more phone calls from cold calling whenever i use the name joe palace. what would suggest for brownies like my self in order to stand out and not be stereotyped?
is there a common mistake that a lot of people make when looking for a new job?
software engineer here. it's hard to break into the software industry without a degree. your friend either needs to either get a computer science degree or keep on taking the courses until they are competent enough to create a few projects. if you can link a public github repo, or a website you made, an app, etc, you just don't have much credibility and most likely will get ignored when you apply. i've interviewed a lot of folks who tought themselves how to code, but the fact is that if you don't have any project work to talk about in an interview it's just not gonna happen. tldr: work on personal projects and make them public and attach them to your resume or get a degree.
in places like tech startups, would you consider directly emailing the ceo with your resume as a smart move or not?
i'm just a linkedin user, but i can say my feed and experience there have been nothing llike this. in fact the recruiters adding me has become quite a nuisance in the last year! i think it depends entirely on your connections - like any other social network, if your connections post crap you see crap, and the larger the network the more stuff you see. i do share your complaint about group activity on the feed though.
i have huge gaps in my education and employment history due to illness. do i need to describe my health problems or will employers just accept a blanket "i was sick and couldn't work" without needing medical details or documentation?
well i would think you would definitely get passed over in favor of someone else for a promotion.
how do i explain that i lost my job because of cancer treatment, but have since completed a ba and my husband works away, so i haven't been in work for 9 years? i just don't seem to be able to get an interview, i graduated with a distinction average (79%) in children's literature and minor in history and am completing honours in film, writing a web series.
as someone who manages national recruiting for a fortune 50, at least at a big company and probably in general, no one reads your cover letter and the average time a recruiter looks at a resume as they scan through them is 6 seconds.
take a career aptitude test to give you some ideas?
how important are photos on your linkedin profile? i don't have one. a few folks i know tell me how important they actually are to have. and if they are important, does it need to be suit and tie? casual (but work appropriate)? anything showing personality? i'm not actively looking for a new job, but i enjoy keeping my profile up to date in case any opportunities present themselves.
my mom has been unemployed for more than a year, and simply can't seem to find a job. she sends out applications all day, gets interviews, and has been a final candidate on several occasions, but she still hasn't landed a job. she's 58 years old with many years of journalism/communication experience, and has won multiple awards for her writing, so her resume is quite impressive. she and i both believe that there may be some ageism at hand, though of course we can't be sure. what are some things she may be able to do when applying and interviewing for jobs that could help her stand out amongst younger candidates with similar resumes?
how difficult is it for someone to get hired in their field again if they're coming off of a year "sabbatical" or similar? does it change by experience level? i have 3 years of experience in my field, and would really like to do some traveling...
yeah i'd love to get and answer to this. i get calls from recruiters all the time. i have the issues of the step where they say "i'll submit your info to the hiring manager" and it ends up dying there. not sure where that disconnect is
what resume advice can you give someone who has little to no work experience trying to find a job in a field where job experience is highly sought after? in my case, i've only worked a basic retail job and am looking to move into accounting (specifically audit). i have all the education requirements, degrees, etc but my resume could basically fit on a post-it note without trying to stretch it out with extraneous information.
what if you know you don't want any of the jobs your family/friends have? what if you come from a background where everyone you know has minimum wage jobs?
that sounds like the cover letter just moved to the body of the email instead of being an attachment.
a big mistake is not doing sufficient research on the new company/position that they are looking to fill. this can cause blunders during the interview if you're asked specific questions about the position and the mission of the company, i.e. "why do you want to work here?" and it could also lead to regret if you aren't really sure what you are getting yourself into when making a transition into a new job.
this is an excellent question and response that i plan to use for my next interview.
data analytics is a pretty broad term, and one reason why its hiring is because technology now knows how to save and use data for various reasons so data analyst come in and help manage the data for large companies. its not as hot as people assume, but its definitely a new and growing field. the average salary is $60,000 to $70,000. if you have any questions let me know.
i wouldn't say "was able to land a position". sounds like one was actively job hunting. "was offered a position..." is more ambiguous.
what the heck is a cover email and how do i write a good one?
recruiters can't see it when they work at the same company as the employee. however, they could see it if they worked for a subsidiary that had a different name on linkedin. i only saw a couple profiles of our employees that had the feature enabled. they worked for one of our smaller companies and i didn't flag it to hr. the group was going through a rough patch, there was a massive change in senior leadership and people were bailing. if i ever were to tell hr i suspected someone might be looking, it wouldn't be punitive. it would be more of a "this person is great and i'm surprised they're looking. what's going on that is making them want to leave, is there something we should know or be doing differently" kind of conversation.
i'm an older worker (60) who has spent most of his life as a janitor or janitor supervisor. i have other skills, but i feel most jobs won't even consider me due to my age or because i'm a janitor. is there something i could put on my resume so a company would at least give me an interview?
i save that question as one of the final ones before you leave the interview, and i couch it like this: is there anything i've said that makes you question my ability to do this job? if so, i'd like to address that before i leave.
as someone with a background in customer service and no college education, i've found it all but impossible to make it out of the entry-level cycle and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to get by on what someone like me makes. is there an option to break out of this without having to set aside two-plus years to go to school in the middle of my thirties?
it's definitely not impossible for older job seekers to make career changes and find something new with their experience. make sure you are current - create a linkedin profile if you don't already have one and take the time to fill it out and put in a nice, professional headshot. you have a lot of work experience that can be relevant to other fields, so research the positions that you'd like to work in and emphasize how your background will help you to fulfill the requirements of the position. be prepared to be flexible in terms of payment, don't undersell yourself but realize that if you come off as an expensive hire, you may be passed over for a younger worker willing to settle for less money. finally, tap into your network, talk to friends/past colleagues or anyone you know working in the industry you're looking to change into. this can be a great help in landing a new position.
i usually just put my cover letter in the body of the email and attach my resume/other materials. is that acceptable?
hello, i'm a public health professional that just started a b school mba program. i was tired of working 60 hours a week and getting poorly paid for 40. do you have advice as two when i could/should start marketing myself to other fields? i am surrounded by pharma companies so those are the low hanging fruit. are they other avenues i should also be looking at?
i'm also 27 and in a similar situation. i don't dislike my field, but i don't want to feel limited to it. i have about 5 years experience in finance which includes both retail banking and backshop operations. i often fantasize about working for new, modern businesses or companies that i love. the problem is that i feel my resume will be tossed in the trash when they see my experience is primarily in finance. how do i get noticed when i don't have a degree and the company isn't looking for a financial background?
i don't think i am too old. its more a position i cannot afford to dedicate myself to study for a long period of time. i'll lose income plus the costs as well and i am just not at a point where i can do that freely.
how do you reach out into a network you don't have because no one anywhere close to you does what you do? i do programming in the midwest, and not the easy webdev kind either... oh, and i'm self taught... yeah, basically the trifecta for having a hell of a time getting a job.
reaching out to your network can be a great way to break into your industry, and it can be useful when trying to overcome the hurdle of a lack of experience from not being able to find a relevant job. if you are still acquiring skills in your unrelated job that could be relevant to a position in a different industry, talk about that. reach out to people on linkedin. talk about your career goals in your summary. a lack of work experience is definitely a big obstacle but it isn't the nail in the coffin of your job search - you'll just have to find creative and more direct ways around it, like direct outreach.
i am not a hiring manager or interviewer, so take the following with a grain of salt: a recruiter for a large tech company once told me to leave me address off of my resume for this exact reason. you may want to try it for yourself.
i am a recent graduate too. i have a b.s. in neurobiology and several minors in chemistry, and microbiology with 3 years of campus research experience. i have been turned down for 40+ jobs. you are not alone, i feel your pain.
if you ever decide to pursue a job in the field, i suggest looking in the academic it world. that shit does not fly at most universities. half of my co-workers, including my vp, are women.
wow, this makes me so sad. no one should have to wallpaper over their heritage to find honest work. this country, ugh
software engineer (ie code monkey) here. very happy to ride your coattails ;)
fyi: i'm a hiring manager (not recruiter) at a fortune 500. recruiters are just scanning quickly and sending me whoever looks halfway decent and gets past the filters like years of experience or salary expectation. once i get the candidate, i do look at any cover letters attached to the online app. a well written cover letter makes some difference to me. (i'm in marketing.) it can make someone stand out over other candidates who are essentially equal.
what if the gap is because i couldn't find anyone to even give me an interview for 5 years? i have ~7 year gap because i couldn't find work after i finished graduate school.
that's really good to know. it's so nice that someone is reading the things we spend hours writing, instead of just throwing them out.
i work at a 2-yr old internet business and i'm employee number 1. there's no guarantee of any equity but the job is satisfactory for now. my goal in the next 2-3 years is to get our own house. i need advice on whether i should stay (and hope for that equity windfall?) or find another work that lets me earn enough to pay off a home loan. thanks!
so what would hr do under this situation? fire you instead of letting you quit and then have to look for a replacement, and train a new person?
im 28 years old and still dont know what to do for a career. ive never been to college and started working full time out of high school. ive done alright for myself but feel i lack a specific skill/trade. are there any tools or tests out there to help me find a career i'd be good at?
i actually know about this! volunteering. say you want to work in the film industry, the best way to start is by working on student films. they most likely won't be the best jobs you take, but they're for experience and networking. working for charities is seen highly to some employers, not all though. but it does show that you're genuinely passionate about something, if you're willing to work without pay.
this is a tricky question to tackle broadly since every industry has different norms and perspectives on tenure. for example, a 12-24 month tenure in some industries (consulting, early-level investment banking & private equity, large tech) is perceived as normal, while it would be shockingly short in pharmaceuticals. our advice is generally you want to be testing your market value and opportunities for promotion constantly, but be sensitive to your industry's norms. the standard answer that does not raise eyebrows during an interview is along the lines of "i was able to land a position that offered more responsibility, opportunity and career development."
how important would you say things like the kerning and typeface are to a cv? are there letter forms (aside from obvious ones like comic sans) which you would say are a no go, compared to definite 'winners'?
any tips for a 30 something currently finishing an undergraduate in engineering to land internships?
any advice on doing a skype interview from across the world?
linkedin now has a "career interests" section that you can turn on to let recruiters know that you're not happy with your current company and are looking elsewhere. supposedly this is only available for recruiters on linkedin. in that area there is a 300 character limit to what you want recruiters to know about you... as a recruiter, what would you want to know about someone in 300 characters or less?
what career opportunities are there for a doctor (adult internal medicine) that has decided that they are fed up with the whole screwed up healthcare system?
what industry are you in? i'm in finance, and have an advanced designation, and only ever hear from recruiters looking for retail sales people. that said, my geographic region is still recovering from the oil crash. but that's not my point. lnkd isn't good for anything i used to use it for - sharing knowledge, networking. everyone on my feed seems to agree, yet it gets worse and worse.
one exercise we go through with candidates is identifying different family friends within your network. what professions do the people around you have? aunts, uncles, friends of your parents, older alumni from your high school or college, etc. grab a coffee or a beer with them and really pick their brain. you'd be surprised by how much people love to give advice and guidance for someone interested in their field. don't be too shy to reach out!
that's quite unfortunate, some of the best developers i've worked with have been women. at the end of the day i don't give a flying !#@!$@ if you identify as an apache helicopter. if the code compiles & passes the unit tests and you're not an asshole - i want you on my team
as a hiring manager, i look for a quality and personalized cover letter, resume and references. nothing too long or too short. many applicants just use the same cl over and over and don't customize it at all for a particular position or a particular company. many of those get round filed. people who take the time to mention the company and what they do, and how they can solve some common problems for the company, go to the top of the pile.
"i was dealing with a health issue, but i've consulted my doctor, and he/she agrees that i'm ready to get back to work."
this question itself is complex enough it could become it's own reddit thread =) i'll offer another perspective: with the average job posting receiving over 300 applications, companies have convoluted requirements on purpose -- to filter candidates. yes, it's frustrating -- but unfortunately, companies are incentivized to make it difficult to apply to a position.
linkedin employee here. photos are **very** important. recruiters and hiring mangers are 7x more likely to look at profiles with photos than those without.
i use it also, and it's not a paid service. it works swell.
bingo. almost every serious newspaper journalist i know past 55 got offered a buyout (in lieu of a layoff) years ago when the papers could no longer afford the salaries commensurate to their experience.
what are your thoughts on staffing firms? as the director of sales for a small staffing firm, i find that the majority of candidates are oblivious to the disconnect between the recruiter they are speaking to and the actual job they are being submitted to. i believe that the traditional staffing company model is dying. there will always be a niche for executive search and specialized hire firms, but the robert half and k-force types are far less useful. why would a hiring manager pay a 20% fee to k-force when their internal recruiting team has the same toolkit as the amateurs at k-force? what is your veiw on big-box staffing firms and how relevant do you think they will be over the next few years?
joining a shrinking industry is definitely a challenge. media & journalism has been disrupted heavily, and since we're in an age where no one is accustomed to paying for writing, i completely sympathize. if she's been a career journalist, then she'll have to rely on recommendations rather than cold applications to get through the final round. we've seen folks pivot their media backgrounds into successful careers as marketing directors, b2b communications & strategy roles, and (more sales-y) account manager roles. pr is tricky since it involves maintaining your network, which at 58 may be too late to try. i would recommend she start branching out to companies that have a core enterprise business model (ie sells things to large companies) where they value a more experienced voice in the conference room. best of luck!
decide what it is that you want to accomplish in order to reach this feeling of fulfillment. once you have a clear understanding of what it is you need to work for, you can start to figure out which positions and companies could help you fulfill this. some people are born to be entrepreneurs and the only way to fulfill their career goals is to break out on their own and start a business. other people get a great sense of achievement from working on a team and accomplishing a lot for a greater cause like a big company. it all depends on the individual. once you have a clear idea of specifically what you need to accomplish in order to get this boost of confidence, happiness, and sense of internal growth, you can start to find positions that will help you get there. make a list of your career goals. research different companies and their missions and see which ones have values that align with your own. this is a great way to start and hopefully, you'll figure it all out a lot faster.
i did it and got nothing but enthusiasm and questions when i interviewed coming back. it was a good ice breaker. i had more experience and was well networked though ... my resume wasn't going to hr people to filter.
having worked in this field: start with a corporate retail company on a buying/merchandising desk. work your way up through merchandising and planing/supply chain into product development. some places will start you in assistant product development, but usually only for those with a fashion/merchandising degree. nobody wants to hire the typical rachel green type who knows nothing other than that she likes pretty clothes.
i thought this was a joke back in college, but it's completely real in the midwest. i have many friends that were programming novices that get their start at midwestern banks.
yes but those "easy one click" applications typically fill up with dozens of applications. kind of a "spray and pray" technique.
obviously not op here but i manage recruitment for a relatively large organization. having the same text in the email and cover letter is honestly fine and it's preferred to have a "transportable" copy (e.g. pdf, word, whatever) in addition to the email cover, as opposed to assuming the email language will suffice, as the recruiter will often need to share the cover letter with the hiring manager, and only having the "email version" is a pain.
why is it that the united states marines can take a high school educated 19-year-old son of a farmer and train him to drive an $8 million tank in combat, but the average middle management corporate douchebag claims someone with a four-year degree and six years of professional experience isn't quite what they are looking for? while we're at it, why is it the college graduate is immediately eligible to be an **officer in the united states marine corps** while if they choose the cubicle job they will never be promoted or earn a raise? what do the armed forces know that the douchebags don't?
are there any online resources that can help people get experience for data analyst jobs? online courses for sql or any other things like that.
ironically, having a hispanic name in the la area for government jobs would actually help you
i went to school and got my sociology: youth studies bachelor of science degree. ideally i'd want to work with kids (maybe a counselor) but no one wants to give me experience. i did work with youth for about 6 months but employers seem to want at least 1+ year of youth experience. thank you for respond!! i've decided that i will start by redoing my resume from scratch and try to sound less desperate!!
brownie here, and i had the same problem. but instead of putting a different name on my resume, i received some great advice from a couple career service people. they said to put "u.s. citizen" in quotes under my name. after i did that, i noticed a significant increase in callbacks for jobs i applied to afterwards. of course that only works if you're a us citizen.
how does one tailor their resume to get past hr and in front of a hiring manager?
any suggestions for linked in profiles? i am trying to find a new job that is more than a lateral move. i get a few inquiries through it every month but want to make it more effective
how have you helped fresh grads overcome the barrier of entering the job market which demand xx number years of experience in the field when they have little to none?
i'm a hiring manager and i look at everything in the resumes, including the cover letter, job gaps, length of employment. cover letters are great, but if your cover letter is just about: "i'm a quick learner, work well with the team..." you've just written the most inane letter ever that says nothing about you to me except that you can write adjectives. everyone can be a random list of adjectives. tell me why you want to work for me, why you would be a good hire for the position, give me examples of what you've done to bring value.
cover email is the mail you send with your resume. i'm guessing the point is selling yourself in the email copy is more important nowadays than writing a separate letter.
white here, as well. i wanted to give my first daughter a family name (polish) but changed it to an americanized version at the last minute, specifically so her future resume wouldn't be passed over. my second daughter was to be named a "responsible" sounding name but i lost that battle, so it's her middle name. i've told her she will likely have better luck if she uses it as her first name on resumes.
should you do that even if the numbers aren't super impressive? for example, in one of my roles i trained about seven or eight employees. i currently have written 'trained several staff and interns in x y z' because seven doesn't seem to make the point any more noteworthy. what would you recommend?
a little bit of insight on how recruiters at companies think: typically jobs available for will be broken into a variation on three categories: entry (students), experienced hires, and executives. if you're a fresh grad, you are looking for entry-level positions where ideally the work experience range is 0-3 years. there is some leeway around applying to roles that are 3-5 years of experience required if you have reputable internship experience, and the years of experience are typically not a hard-and-fast rule for human reviewers, but we encourage you not to waste your time applying to the wrong job. talent acquisition staff will look for a few core things in a recent graduate's resume: skillset (education or self-learned), leadership experience, and related industry experience (extracurriculars or interests). best of luck!
why quotes if you don't mind me asking? i've been doing it for a few years now and i still get asked if i need a visa. first line is my name, second line is contact info and the words us citizen.
extracurriculars are a little 'childish' according to my dad who has been hiring people in the medical field for over 25 years. unless it directly relates to your job in tech or whatever.
may not be the most appropriate forum for this question but, let me posit this: you are otherwise happy with your job, enjoy your coworkers, etc. but you are having difficulty seeing the long-term viability of the company -- when should you start working on an exit strategy should things go pear-shaped?
good heavens, you're only in your late 20's and you already think you're too old for education? given the current state of medicine, if you take care of yourself you probably have 70-80 more years of life left.
when someone is trying to convey that they have managed high dollar budgets, is it appropriate to say a dollar amount, or is it better to just describe the resources you were responsible for? i.e. 10 fleet vehicles, or 30 employees payroll, 900 computers, etc.
how should i respond if they ask me about job jumping (i.e. switching jobs every few years)? companies aren't loyal to you anymore but expect you to be, and the only way to move up is by leveraging your current position to land a better one elsewhere. is it appropriate to ask an interviewer for feedback to improve myself for the future?
i'm probably the biggest failure i know. i wish i could do personal development because despite personal failure i've probably helped every person i've had as a friend go on to succeed. a buddy does rafting and hiking and climbing while working a very physical job, another is a psychiatrist that in his residency has been chosen to represent his region in washington and la twice a year. at a retail job i got a coworker to apply to the private college i dropped out of, berea, to get himself out of that situation and do what he loves. i wrestle with depression, genuinely enjoying it when i help these folks succeed, but have huge gaps in employment, an unfinished computer science degree, and a wife whose supported me but i feel so awful about not being able to help her. talk about lost.
to echo what bravo said: the downside of the fashion industry is that it is a serious grind. we started our company in nyc and have colleagues in the industry go through fashion week 2x a year. the norm is for interns and entry-level positions to be unpaid, and if you're aiming to break in to the design side, the best thing to do is to go through the fit/parsons (school) pipeline. and as bravo mentioned, you could start as a buyer at a company like abercrombie, j crew, etc. just know that you will be valued for the business acumen, not the design skills.
i feel trapped in a career i don't like, at 27 i want to find something i can enjoy more and feel confident and happy growing within. how do i start and what steps do i need to take to get there?
go to your local temp agency. they'll gladly help you find something to keep busy and employed. it'll also get to some experience in something
can't tell if viral linkedin marketing...was this a paid service?
this can be a problem due to applicant tracking systems (ats) but there are ways around it. in your summary, you should make it clear that you are looking to relocate. also make a point of mentioning your desire to relocate in any cover letters.
we work with many clients who are returning to the workforce or have gaps in their work experience. it is important to mention the reasoning for any of these in both the cover letter and any warm introductory emails you send during your job search. if the gap is less than 6 months, it is fairly normal and most hiring managers will not mention it in an interview. given there are non-competes, garden leaves, and other common reasons for a gap, you'll only really need to go in depth if you are not working for over a year.
unrelated: * is lnkd going to do anything about the absolute drivel that fills my news feed? copy pasta, selfies of made-up women being liked by creepy old dudes, dumb math puzzles. * why doesn't the latest activity from my groups show in the news feed? * why do i see an article that says it's "trending in my industry," but it's totally unrelated to my industry (more likely it's about some hollywood jackass), and all the comments are from people from other industries saying it's inexplicably "trending in *their* industry." * finally, even though my profile is up to date and i've been adding new credentials, classes, etc. over time, why are my profile views down from 5+ per day two years ago to 1-2 per week now? is lnkd secretly losing page views?
the more simple, the better. using standard fonts and formats is really important, especially nowadays with picky ats (applicant tracking systems) that throw out resumes with strange fonts or weird formatting. unless you are a graphic designer and your resume is a way to showcase your artistic talents, keep it boring. a typeface like times new roman or arial are the best options and don't use special characters or strange bullet formats.
not a recruiter but i was off work for 18 months and on disability for some mental illness related issues. i was asked about the gap and replied with a vague: "on disability during that time, worked on my health and have been cleared by my doctor(s) to return to work with no limitations"
thanks for doing this again! i'm in the process of reworking my resume and it's a struggle. how do i illustrate that i want a company that's willing to teach and train me in my industry, without sounding like i'm incompetent?
great question! we've worked with over a dozen career counselors here in the bay area and maintain a large network of recruiters -- the direction the hiring industry is moving towards is placing more emphasis on customizing covering emails -- cover letters are seen as a prerequisite and are often unread. nevertheless, it's good to include one as it passes a minimum bar -- we recommend 2-3 paragraphs and a density of roughly 75% of one full page. mirror the header that you use in your resume.
a friend of mine is trying to get out of retail and into software (maybe web design, maybe data analysis, and i know she's thought about project management in the past). the problem is, a full blown boot camp or degree program is more expensive than a retail paycheck can handle. she's been doing free and cheap online courses, but is there anything else she can do to get out of the job that's actively sucking her soul? additional detail: she does have a bachelor's degree, it's just in a field that needs a master's before jobs open up.
just breaking into animation industry has proved daunting. how to get that second interview?
got two interviews this week. practicing this question right now. thanks!
how do i tell them that when i say self taught, i mean i've written multiple (c, not javascript) libraries, and not "i can html a bit"?
it's expensive to do. your internal hr team might have access to seeing it, but unless you're applying for internal positions they probably have no reason to come across your profile.
how long should i keep putting eagle scout on my resume before it begins to seem old/childish?
how does one get around a college degree requirement? my friend has almost 20 years experience in his field and in management but has trouble being considered for positions outside his current company because he doesn't have a degree.
i went for a job where i did that but was told that it was 'impersonal' and didn't seem like i put any effort into writing on to show specifically why i wanted to work for that business and what i thought i would specifically be able to bring.
hi sgtkiwii, don't give up! companies like ours were started to help jobseekers because the system is. just. so. broken. what degree did you study, and more importantly, what are your strengths and interests (which can become skills down the line)? hopefully you aren't advertising yourself as willing to do anything -- remember that this process is more similar to dating than college applications. don't forget *you're* also interviewing the company and coworkers.
holy shit. as a 31 year old with the same problem, i hope this gets answered!
i really dislike most social media and never made a linkedin/haven't used facebook in years. am i hurting my job prospects by not submitting a linkedin profile to employers that ask for a link?
i've heard that asking questions like "do you have any concerns about anything on my cv" are good, opens up you to explain it and then you know what you might want to edit for later. plus it's something they don't hear very often and you're genuinely interested in their reply so you're more memorable.
yeah, there's a reason i have a cs degree and don't work in the field. i think my final straw was sitting in an interview and being asked, "how easily offended are you? we've never had a woman in this department. sometimes the guys say some off-color things and we don't want any hr problems." i'm actually not really easily offended (i have 5 brothers), but are you kidding? saying that in an interview is an hr problem in and of itself, and further, the person being hired is not the hr problem. the employees who refuse to conduct themselves even remotely professionally are the problem. the it field can be tough for women. i felt like i was constantly having to prove myself in ways my male coworkers never had to; no one ever assumed they didn't have the knowledge or skills.
are you looking for something you just think you'd be good at, or something you can feel passionate about? i'm 30 and just started getting into personal development. i'm invested in the life purpose course from actualized.org but the creator of that site has thousands of free videos and there's tons of free content out there from other life coach type people. i know some people have a mental block about the whole "self-help" thing, but i'm feeling more inspired and hopeful about my life than i have since i was a kid. good luck!
my friend tried to tell me he was a "field engineer". he goes out to client sites and maintains/fixes a specific piece of equipment. i had to explain to him that he is a technician, not an engineer.
is data analysis really the hottest job of 21st century?
i'm 99% sure my decision to ask this question, and my response to their concerns, landed me my dream job. i can't endorse this enough.
more likely a mark goes on your employee file that disqualifies you from getting promotions or raises, and when layoffs come you're at the top of the list.
stay open minded, there are many opportunities out there that could seem like they are unrelated to what you want in a career, but could lead to incredible options later down the road. be prepared to work hard and show that you are interested in staying in the position for awhile - because, with the current job-hopping trend, many employers are hesitant to hire millennials if they are suspicious that they will leave within a year or two of employment. reach out to your network, this is one of the most valuable tools you have as a young job-seeker looking to break into an industry. focus on how you can make a big impact at your first employer right away - the more you can achieve in a short time, the better for making moves either up the ladder or into different, better positions.
i'm in seattle, and there is a lot of work available and there are a number of staffing companies, especially in it. however, there seems to be a real disconnect between what recruiters think a job entails, and what the hiring manager is looking for. here are some questions related to that issue: * why do businesses generate such long and convoluted requirements for their positions, when they are really just looking for someone who can quickly adapt, onboard in a convenient timeframe and operate semi-autonomously? * what is the most common x-factor omitted by managers and applicants? * are jobs morphing to match human requirements, or are humans compensating to meet job requirements? can big-data assist in niche-matching position requirements with not only profiles, but personalities?
if the gap is a yr plus due to depression then obviously one shouldn't reveal that i imagine.. what is a believable cover story that won't enable prejudice?
wouldn't it essentially be the same text in the cover letter and emails?
manager here, i'll always assume that "few" and "several" mean 3-4 at most, otherwise you'd have used a number or stronger language. so yes, use the actual numbers.
don't give up! i'm a (fairly) recent college grad and it took me 9 months to find a job in my field. sent out god knows how many applications, had 9 interviews (three with my current employer), and it was demoralizing as hell. making it to the final cut and getting passed over several times was a huge hit to my ego. several times i wondered why i even bothered to go to college. i worked (sometimes two jobs) all through college, did research, made okay grades, did activities and volunteered some. but i felt like it wasn't good enough. i had been a cashier, hostess, and server just trying to make it until i landed a job in my field. please don't give up. it's exhausting, but don't give up.
what is the best tip you can give me for writing a resume?
i'm turning 30 soon and despite having a degreee in hospitality management i've never been above minimum wage. am i already doomed to fail?
what kind of advice can you offer this up and coming generation (millennials) that are trying to break into this job market for the first time?
"i took some time off to look after someone in my family with a medical issue, which thankfully has resolved."
you joke, but as a professional engineer i really wish the word "engineer" was regulated in the same way "doctor" or "lawyer" is.
ugh, that's depressing, i spend hours writing a good cover letter and adapting it to each potential job. i have a really non-linear background, so my cover letter is generally my selling point... what would you say is the best thing one can do to grab your attention during those 6 seconds?
this is risky, isnt it? everyone can create a profile as recruiter i guess. so any boss can search for his own employees regularly
i'm a 3d artist looking for my first professional studio job, there are no jobs in my state, as the industry is very state oriented (california). i want to secure a job, and am willing to move, but i think not being in the same location will hold be back. how can i overcome this?
hello, what is the best tips for letter writing to get a job? i usually don't bother, but some insist
are eastern european names really that much of a handicap? it seems that every other dentist/ police officer/ fdny in new york has a polish sounding surname with a -inski.
i was in a similar position a few years ago--ended up getting a leadership volunteer gig in my field with a nonprofit and worked mornings and evenings/weekends in food service. sucked awful, and tbh i was completely exhausted for the 11 months i was there, but i was able to get a huge amount of experience and had a great resume line that opened the next door for me. it did really suck to be doing work for free that i new my peers were being paid for, and i had no social life, but i was desperate. in the end i will say that not only did i get the experience needed (and keep my resume from bleeding experience), but i actually got to do more than someone in a normal beginner role in my field would--it was real sink or swim lol. if you're struggling, i do suggest that route. not ideal, but it works.
hi luckyducky, your explanation for the work gap is very acceptable! however, to break through to get an interview, you'll have to rely on your writing skills to personalize outreach. to get in front of a real person: 1) after locating a role you like, research the company and potential hiring managers you can email. 2) set up a multi-touchpoint email campaign that follows up with the person every 3 days. you have to capture them at the right moment when they are thinking about the role. we've had success placing a stay-at-home mom absent from the workforce for 10 years. ultimately what led her to land the job was the hiring managers thought she would have a more compassionate understanding of the clientele they deal with versus the younger candidates. best of luck!
how do you advise handling a large (1.5 years) gap in your resume?
i need a change of career, but i have no idea what i want to do, just that i want to do *something* else. what's your advice on seeking out a new career?
the problem with that, and the mandatory unpaid internships, is that they're gradually replacing entry routes and becoming a dead end where you volunteer/intern until you need money too badly and have to stop and then they pick up a new one. if you're lucky someone in a paid position leaves and they look at the volunteer pool, but it's not that likely.
can confirm this is a problem. i'm white, but my first name sounds mexican. during a stint of job-hunting, i applied for the same job i had previously with no response and used "sara" as my first name. resume and cover letter were identical. they emailed me about four days later to set up an interview. i told them what they did and for that reason, i would not be entertaining their interview request. bastards.
they don't care nor pay attention. yesterday i overheard 3 guys at a restaurant talking about how much hillary sucked so trump had to be better no matter what. then someone mentioned that mccain guy and they couldn't remember who he was exactly... until one of them said he's the guy that ran against obama... still having no real idea of who john mccain is. none of them. there's your 37%
and when they do, they'll call everything a "leak"
anti flag is also in the studio finishing or just finished a new album
which is doubly funny because the us military uses metric units for things like distance
they want to be able to deny saying what they are saying and try to paint the press as untruthful. the downside is being caught in another lie with hidden recorders.
maybe by wapo and cnn on a good day, but fox will probably be happy to do as told by the supreme leader.
i have an honest question, why is the white house even having a press briefing if reporters can't report it?
no, you know what *really* scares me? what scares me is how complicit around 37% of america is to dump the first amendment because "its muh prez!" and "librul tears!". you can stand by the bullshit policies trump wants to implement but what *no one* should be tolerating is the blatant disregard of ethical behavior from a sitting potus and a blatant disregard for the first amendment that this whole fucking administration has.
or basically a map at figuring out what areas of the country haven't progressed since 1882.
but maybe if we kick out enough immigrants we will all become millionaires. i don't know about you, but the only thing between me and a million dollar a year salary is some illegal immigrant. /s
the journalists can report the content of the press briefings, but they're not supposed to film or record it. basically, they're all taking notes and writing from that, which probably means direct quotes are out (who can write that quickly, beyond a couple of words?)...this way, the white house can continue to say that they *are* granting access to journalists, that they *are not* depriving anyone of their first amendment rights (freedom of press) and if they don't like what is asked/written, they can say that the journalists abbreviated quotes or took them out of context...basically, they can say: the administration opens their doors to everyone--even those filthy enemies from the fake news--and lets them ask anything they want and then write anything they want! it's completely and totally fair!!!...even though it's not.
they just want to be able to yell slurs without catching a side eye or a broken nose. they have little concept of what the 1st amendment actually is and what it protects.
and an entire political party, with all of its power and interconnections is going along with it
actually it might have been russian collusion too. especially if they purged voter registrations. you can't blame it all on one single thing. hrc's loss was a perfect shit storm.
gop during 2016 election: it's the content of the leaks that matter, not who leaked them! gop after 2016 election: it's about time to start prosecuting leakers as traitors to america, who gives a shit what the leaks contain, its all fake news from libruhl tears mainstream media anyway!
on bullets 3 and 5, can i know more? if i search for near things i'll be flooded with 1,3,&4
honest questions will not be answered at this time.
when trump was elected, i turned to my girlfriend and said, "it's time to be worried about this country. this is the first time in my 40 year life i'm actually scared." i had no idea it could get this bad. i've been finding ways to be more of an activist, a voice against the direction this country is going. i had no idea this would happen so damn fast.
we were ready on paper, but people always make profits off the margins of our fear. what better margin than the physical margins of facebook ad space? i'm a big believer in marshall mcluhan's ideas about human communication. the medium is the message and all that jazz. any method of communication we create is a two way street informed by our biological underpinnings, and at the same time, we can find ourselves with changed thought processes without even knowing it. the internet is that concept on an exponential scale of time, like an event horizon. there's no way to account for it.
they also gave him free publicity when he began campaigning. the 4th estate gave us trump in the race for ratings. they may not be kissing his ass now. but they did it quite often before now.
that's a really good point. it's why i think it's so important to rally people who aren't involved in politics and don't vote. that 30ish percent will never abandon trump, but i'm still holding out hope that this administration will force politically apathetic people out of the shadows to stand up for democratic values.
funny how it's the likes of trump supporters who always whine about free speech and freedom of the press. now they have they biggest anti-press president and the biggest anti-free speech subreddit.
it isn't quite that yet, it's incompetence and autocratic idiocy.
this is what saddens me the most - even if somehow our protections against fascism ultimately work, despite republicans doing everything in their power to undermine them, and trump and co are pulled from office, there's over 60 million americans who either supported this or were too blind to see it for what it is. i don't know how that pandora's box can ever be closed.
twitter is a garbage service run by a garbage company headed by garbage people that creates garbage culture.
the strange thing is that according to an economist on npr one of the ways trump could get his 3% gdp increase promise is by influxing a shit ton of immigrants.
honest question, what the hell can the wh do to enforce this? there's no classified intel. unless they start revoking credentials, which i don't even think they need a reason to do, this is pointless.
i would settle for an end to fox news and propaganda media.
at least there's somewhat of a system in place to keep things in check (downvoting).
pretty much all my friends who identified as libertarians were on the trump train even before he was considered to have a reasonable chance to win the primary. no, it doesn't make sense to me either.
jeremy corbyn, leader of the uk's labour party is going to introduce run the jewels at glastonbury today. killer mile was also involved with bernie sanders campaign, he's got a some interviews with bernie and also phone banked for him
how far off from journalists disappearing in the night so you think we really are. i wouldn't blame them for being scared.
a traitor has high-jacked the executive branch in order to install a kleptocratic authoritarian oligarchy.
the correct answer. fascism is blooming... and this is terrifying. what's worse, americans are betraying their country because they feel they aren't the millionaires they should be - and giving up freedoms will somehow make their lives better.
they were just talking about this on npr this morning. they also said a more realistic (and most optimistic) growth would be around a 2% increase over 10 years.
correction: their alternative reality crowd at rallies.
that's the sickest part. this country will need a whole new set of laws surrounding the presidency, congress, senate, media, scientific agencies, foreign advisors, cabinet appointees, and so on after this fiasco is over to prevent them from ever doing this again. this whole thing is disgusting and every day it gets worse.
i think there is a hell of a difference between a report that is innacurate but was at least reported in good faith and "fake news"
what comey said was true: no votes were changed. but voter rolls were manipulated.
a press briefing where the press isn't "allowed" to distribute what they've been briefed on. what a fucked up world we now live in.
why are they even holding press conferences at this point?
i remember watching with awed horror at turkey's turn last summer. just how quickly a (somewhat) democratic country could fall into a fascist dictatorship. didn't expect to go from watching it to living it quite so fast.
just waiting for the day trump says on camera he doesn't work for the american people. and some goobers actually agree with him and stand up for it.
and yet the gop keeps winning elections. it's not just that i'm disappointed in my country, it's that my country is becoming something much less than what it was. many of my fellow citizens applaud it, it seems to be what we want to become. less. this is not america anymore, it's america.
it made me sick last week watching how many people immediately jumped on the conclusion that the left fosters violence by calling these people fascists. the tide has turned, and the fascists are winning.
it would seem so... just imagine what will happen in the aftermath of trump's reichstag.
i don't think so, they were still reeling from wwi, looking for direction and hitler provided that, i think. i'm the farthest from a history person though.
my only response i get from trump supporting family is "but obama...". i don't give a shit what a obama did!! live in the fucking now!
**benedict donald's entrance music:** fascist! (turn to the left) fascist! (turn to the right) ooooooooooooh **fascist!**
i was really happy to see how vocal mike was in support of bernie. so free artists put their time and name into something positive after their criticisms.
he's basically just been taking money, filing bankruptcy, and using said money to start a new bad idea. i don't get how people can think that's a successful business man. no, that's a successful scumbag.
those same 37% would be up in arms (literally) if obama had done just one of the things that trump has done. the hypocrisy is astounding.
what's even scarier is that half of the country is supporting it adamantly... or just in denial? i know people who think trump is doing great things for this country and i can't believe anyone can look at the things that are going on and then, "yeah, this is good!" i'm astounded and frankly terrified.
gaslighting and information control. test the waters, who to trust with the national agenda doctrine all that shit
right? i don't give a fuck about clinton's emails, but even if i did, what does it have to do with our president being a national embaressment?
europe here, born in the 70s. my generation grew up with the rule of thumb that every trend from the us would reach europe within a few years. i really hope that this rule does not apply anymore...
this should scare the shit out of everyone. we're just getting into this administration and look how far we have drifted away from the core democratic practices of the united states.
fast is part of the plan. by the time you realize shit is really and truly fucked it's too late.
it's all over that sub-genre of rap. it can either be a stylistic choice to fit in with the culture or actually come from deep personal homophobia. some rappers dropped it over time as they became aware of how ignorant it is.
someone is really confused about the first amendment and the role of the press.
i think that's still pretty far off. this isn't russia(or is it...?). if journalists start turning up dead after reporting on certain things, it's gonna raise too many questions and will surely expose the white house. those journalists who'd die would be regarded as heroes long after their death. hopefully it never comes to that though.
and apparently all they had to was convince people liberals are engaged in a vast conspiracy to undermine conservatives. now they want the protection of big daddy trump.
so why are they even there then? is the trump base really so simple that they don't see right through this stuff?
this is the part that blows my mind the most. well, the combination of this, and 70 year old boomers, who previously yelled things like 'better dead than red!', who are now all pro-trump (and supposedly russia-ambivalent).
churches need to be taxed when we regain control - you hear me reasonable people? they are businesses with political interests, it is against the interest of the country to let them be tax-havens.
i'm starting a petition to make our armed forces use freedom units moving forward, why use a base-10 numeric system when you can use a "no fucking idea how any of this converts" numeric system?
damnit, freedom ain't free or some stupid shit like that.
and america's downfall continues as the powers that be make one greedy, short-sighted decision after another.
in hindsight, it was a mistake to make the president above the law.
it's happening. a reichstag is inbound at some point.
it seems to be working. none of the trump voters i know show any sign of buyers remorse and still speak of him with a level of reverent rapturous ecstasy usually reserved for children meeting a costumed mickey mouse for the first time.
it also keeps his base in line and feeling like they are winning. they are pep rallies.
agreed, for the moment. sadly, the majority of brits' voters already fell for the populists' bs beforehand.
i mean... what in the actual fuck is going on in this country?
i have plenty family that feels the way you describe. it's a mix of apathy and hating facts they don't agree with, like climate change, or things trump has been recorded saying. when i start listing sources, all i get in response is just "but the lawyers or scientists could be lying!" and other excuses. i've given up on convincing others, they'll see how dumb they were soon enough.
from an outsider's perspective, this would be a good time to hit the quickload button and start all over. but in reality, that will never happen. mostly because of the change in society - a considerable portion of your fellow muricans believe in conspiracy theories (alex jones = gospel of the truth), are not able to think in a rational way (everything trump says = good; msm = evil) and just want to watch the world burn. in my country that's maybe ~10%, so these people have no power. but in yours they're all over the place. you fucked up somewhere in the past few years/decades... in education, for starters...
gotta love the fourth estate. they're not here to kiss trump's ass.
judging by the results of the french and british elections, it seems that you guys are more apt to go to the other end of the spectrum in disgust over what happened here in the us.
the aftermath of this is, if nothing changes, people with the means (well educated, in demand careers, etc.) will leave the united states.
the loss was most certainly a shitstorm. but the media's complicity in that affair is easily forgotten. sure they're fighting the good fight now, but a year ago they were giving this orange turd free press. so much so that his underfunded campaign got free boosts that people like bernie never benefited from. they didn't start the dumpster fire, but they did toss in their old newspapers.
it's absolutely neofascism. while people are outraged and fussing over one neofascist policy, the neofascists are working behind the scenes to erode democracy in order to ram through more neofascist policies.
i mean, at that point could you not kick everyone out, lock the door, put up a "press briefin' brb" sign, throw on a 3 hour marathon of animaniacs, and call it a day?
it's literally on the first page of the rule book for 612d backgammon
trying to "rattle" a witness about to testify? sounds like witness tampering to me.
nope. they're entitled. we should be honored to be paying their salary, regardless of the job they do. i hate the gop.
how many warnings and sign posts along the way do americans need to recognize what is happening here? none of the behavior from this white house is proper or right. you're going to be in trouble soon and you're sitting by letting it happen... watching it even; for sport.
i wonder if this is what a lot of germans felt like watching hitler rise to power.
ok then i need to start my own religion.... only we don't believe in god and don't pay taxes. actually hasn't the right been accusing science of being a religion? shouldn't everyone who performs an expierement be a pastor?
- 3 - newt acknowledged that there are no tapes, and trump was trying to 'rattle' comey.
what a day for republicans: * wh exposed for trying to gag the press * congressional gop can't figure out how to write an aca repeal that anyone likes * trump admitted to being a lying, manipulative pos * revelations confirming that trump asked intel chiefs to refute collusion claims * more revelations that not only were voter rolls hacked before the election, but they were altered, specifically targeting democrats
it's hilarious that trump is *still* holding maga rallies. as if that does fuck all aside from reassuring to himself that he's well-liked.
yet still exceptionally successful. this is very likely unrecoverable
two very hot topics today: 1) a wh administration that doesn't want the american public seeing their press updates 2) a republican senate that doesn't want the american public seeing what's going into a major healthcare bill this is the disease we fight wars to prevent spreading around the world and it is happening in our own front yard.
the us political system was in shambles *before* trump, he (and his advisors and possible accessories) just took advantage of this trash fire.
they're already losing $400 million dollars a year, it's not clear to me the ads can get much more worthless either way.
that's a useful map figuring out what is an interesting place to visit and what is uninhabited dirt
he's only above the law as long as congress and the senate condone his crimes. every day that goes by republicans in congress and the senate are just as guilty as trump, flynn, and others.
thats why he does these things every few weeks. he thrives on the adulation.
twitter is a fucking blight upon this nation's discourse and i hope biz stone gets colorectal cancer.
people in texas keep their yard signs up after an election? fuck, that's dedicated. i mean, you have to move that shit every time you mow your lawn.
well cnn did that just before the press conference. should have told them ahead of time. wolf blitzer was pissed going over it. in actuality, what the fuck is going on? as a tax payer, i pay spicer and huckabees salary to tell us what is going on. are they too chicken?
his son already said that donald works for the real americans and all his critics aren't really people anyway... so that's a start...
the fourth branch by immortal technique gets me fucking amped to say "fuck the opinion forming apparatus of america!" however, in terrifying times like these, we need this institution now more than ever for simple self-preservation. my hope is that this gauntlet will restore some dignity to america's media outlets as they begin to abandon "if it bleeds, it leads, 24 hour news/entertainment" and get back to more thorough, substantive investigative journalism.
the nazis in germany continued to hold elections for a while after they got power. it placated the masses that things were still "normal" while the nazis consolidated power. apologies for going full godwin's law here...
isn't saying he wanted to "rattle" comey an exact admission to obstruction of justice?
social media in general is a blight. facebook isn't any better nor is reddit (i say this hypocritically, posting here). i personally feel we're not ready for it as a society in numerous ways.
they have to have a story. that's the 24-hour cycle. believe it or not, foxites still channel-flip, if only to "keep an eye on the enemy" (my dad and gma, lib and con respectively, admit to doing this). if they don't at least vomit up with another butterymales story, their daily score goes down along with management's frown.
twitter refuses to do anything about the bot issue and i don't understand why.
what is heartening is that the fascists can't seem to tie their shoes. the greatest blessing of trump is he's a fucking idiot.
more of an honorable fascism award. or fascism participation. let's be real. out of all fascists and dictators. trump would be the worst of them. rookie of the year for fascism / dictator is probably going to the philippines.
americans are beginning to understand what it's like to live in a country they would previously have exported democracytm to.
its darkest just before the dawn. i choose to believe trump will be the wake up call that reforms american politics.
"white house warns reporters not to report" where are my patriotic libertarians fighting against this tyranny of the man trampling free press and free speech?
how people cannot see the absolute hypocrisy on this and still vote for them is astounding!
propagandhi finished recording a new album recently. i expect it to be *angry.*
so they have something to do, i guess? it's like they're perpetually running behind and playing catch up to their own ridiculous decisions.
people stopped questioning authority and instead worship it.
i still see transparently fake traffic on facebook, youtube and spotify that they do nothing about. they're complicit, and sooner or later that will come back to bite them.
as it turns out, the internet didn't usher in an era of hyper-informed individuals who use all the knowledge at their fingertips to better themselves. social media in particular serves only to amplify ones personality. smart people use the web to educate themselves and be more efficient. dumb people see their idiocy reinforced, and are rewarded by whatever vote/like/share currency they participate in. you would think 20+ years into the modern internet age, people would have an idea of what's real and what's bullshit, but i guess we need more time. or it'll never happen. i don't know.
shut the fuck up. pastor bill speaks for jesus on sundays, and jetskis for jesus on bright summer days. jesus needs his jetski.
we're losing yard signs and bumper stickers around me in texas.
marking anything not reportable is a surefire way of getting it reported asap.
it's been kind of eye opening finding out how many of the "laws" governing the conduct of the president turned out to be a collection of suggestions and tradition.
i love how with obama we had millions of people screaming "martial law!", and now they welcome their "god emperor" with open arms.
terrifying times. i've also noticed that many white house reporters are having their twitter accounts blown up by bots defending this move.
they are embarrassed because they misplaced their wallets.
no. knowing this country this is what will happen: there will be a ton load of republicans claiming to be 'not trump' and hence win elections. they'll claim that trump was just an insane aberration.
oh come on. there are dozens of quaint little villages in the red areas. think of the antiquing you could do!
except immortal technique prides himself on being more "educated" and better overall than just about all rappers. from what i gather he wants to be so different from modern rappers yet needs to rap like a homophobe to mesh with the same scene?
although not every leak is true and lots of news is fake, i just assume that anyone the white house accuses of being a "leaker" or call "fake news" is probably telling the truth.
as an outsider it's hard not to laugh though. i'm so sorry guys
cameras don't lie, the wh wants you to think reporters do.
was kinda wondering where he's been, that and punk bands. "trump youth" should of been a name by now
so, what i see is that the same people who vote republican, also don't like to live near people.
except these incompetent fascists are laying the groundwork for competent ones to come along and finish the job.
i keep trying to tell people that trump (while horrid) isn't the problem. he is merely a symptom of the problem. the problem is the gop, and the right-wing talking heads. he is literally everything they've been yelling about for years. he wasn't elected in a vacuum, he didn't just show up out of nowhere. :-/ people looked at him, listened to the drivel that he spewed, and thought "that's who i want to lead the country" -_-
anddddd you just problematized one of my remaining rap heroes.
reminds me of a joke. so joe is condemned to hell. the devil offers joe a choice of two rooms for eternity. one room was a burning furnace with everyone screaming in pain. the other room was people standing around in shit up to their waist. joe tell's the devil that the choice is easy, the room standing in shit. so he gets in there and he's thinking this is great in comparison. then he hears a voice over a speaker, okay break time is over back to standing on your heads.
mike and jaime aren't pulling any punches with this admin.
what's even worse for me was finding out that the laws and protections i thought existed to keep this from happening are being used as toilet paper and half the country doesn't even care. hope is hard to come by these days personally.
ive seen other platforms crack down on bots because it made the ads more worthless. people just haven't leaned on twitter enough for them to start shaving off the worthless clickholes.
luckily, nascent fascism trying to be implimented by idiots.
if this is a joke, it's not the least bit funny. if it's not a joke, it's not the least bit funny.
twitter threads are complete garbage and vitriol, beginning to rival youtube
their story will be how disloyal fake news outlets like ny times, wapo, msnbc, and cnn are leaking information garnered at press briefings.
a friend of mine signed up on tinder and didn't get any matches. thought, his expectations are probably way too high. i took his phone and swiped right for every woman. he still didn't get any matches... :(
i like to come up with weird random questions to ask, like if they like burritos as much as i do. or what their favorite thai place is. or if they like ice skating. really i've tried just about anything i can think of to start a conversation. 3 girls out of like 85 have bothered talking to me. but why the fuck would you match with someone you have no interest in talking to?
sorry, dude. :( you can have a month of my time. i'm not using it very well.
like most say.. all openings don't seem to work so i tried something different, i just put in my profile "i don't message first but if i liked you, there is a reason for that, feel free to message me". i figured if a girl likes me enough to want to talk to me, she will just message me herself and i put that comment in there incase they are afraid to do, worked well. i started getting a bunch of girls asking me why i don't message first, met 4 women from tinder because of it. one of which is my current girlfriend :d 6months going strong :) extra pro dating tip: just fucking ask her out, give her something to look forward to, take it out the realm of the internet, if you just keep chatting bullshit together online you will both die out because you are both just text on a phone and not something real.
ever switch the genders to see what you're up against? that's when i uninstalled tinder...
or you could post a picture of you in your sport car. i'm pretty sure most girls would swipe right for a guy in a ferrari.
if men all agreed to withhold dick like a cartel, we could even the playing field by artificially deflating its supply and raising its price. give it a year and i guarantee we could be getting red lobster out the ass for free!
it reminds me of the sign that says "make $5,000-$6,000 a month working from home" only good looking hookers on backpage can do that.
once got dumped on a tinder date, because she found a hotter single during our dinner conversation.
girls everywhere want to be fed and taken places, it's human nature, but some of us will suck your cock before we go.
i honestly am very tempted to believe all those men saying they get tinder dates are professional bulshitters paid by tinder to promote the service because i've never met any male first hand that has told me he had success with the app. regardless of looks.
a friend of mine got liked and then when the woman realized who he was irl (they are both in the same industry) she wasn't interested. that didn't do a lot for his self-esteem.
results dependent on attractiveness. step 1: don't be ugly.
i tried using tinder and everyone was so... boring. i'm a man and i don't actually expect any lady to go on a date with a guy they matched with on a free app, but i was at least hoping to have some interesting conversation out of it.
don't sell yourself short. i bet there's like two singles in your area that might be interested.
women on tinder are judgemental as fuck. they want the best of the best profile that has matched her. it's all about gaming the picture game, and girls are good at that shit. it's really limited for what it can offer: good pictures and clever profile bio/conversations. if you are on top for both, then it should be no problem. if you don't, then you probably will do better in real life as long as you aren't handicapped by your own self-esteem.
i thought it was nsafinder, msybe the bots vary by location?
so, basically most guys problem? swiping right on the super hottie when they, themselves, are a super nottie.
oh. this chick was just creeped out at me, i'm probably not as good looking as you.
"i just say 'hi.' it works everytime," says ryan gosling.
i once asked my grandmother if she thought i was handsome. she said i was funny. :/
try "if you were a potato, what kind of potato would you be?"
this is good to hear. i've been very worried with professional athletes getting any action at all.
holy shit - self-immolation coupled with a direct insult.
"where's your girlfriend?" "oh, she can't make it. well, shall we?"
ask a totally out of left field question that catches thier attention. lots of people won't go for it, but i get way more replies with something ridiculous than with a "hey" or "how's it going?" my go to if i can't think of something based on thier profile is, "who is your favorite little rascal, alfalfa or spanky?" (of course this a trick question because the correct answer is buckwheat)
you can be unattractive. you just need wealth, humor, and a big cock
**wrong wrong wrong** he's completely ruining the d.e.n.n.i.s. system!
times like this i'm glad i'm 43 and dated in the pre-internet real world. you kids have no idea how much better it was then and how awful all of this sounds.
tinder helps you realize how shallow you are, i reckon.
what were the rules again? * be attractive * don't be unattractive
this post has given me new perspective. approach it as a numbers game, don't take things personally, and be patient. yeah that's not gonna happen
try grinder. it's a totaly different ball game over there.
ya because someone can tell you have a giant dick by looking at your selfies
it's terrible to get girl advice from gay guys because what works for them totally doesn't work for straight guys
i think my standards are low, so i swipe right a lot. i mean, at that stage you're only asking yourself "would you have sex with her for a prolonged period of time?" (assuming you're not after one night stands). never get replies even from the women on the lower end of the point system. :|
it made me realize i had more types than i previously thought. it also made me tired of blonde girls who are foodies and travel.
i'll say it was more like 15 seconds, but i'll be sure to double-check with her.
can someone explain the purpose of tinder bots to me? what do they do? what's their goal in getting you to click some random link? virus? ad money?
holy shit, technology does improve fast. my mom had to wait 9 months for her disappointment.
nope. i work with very expensive cars and drive them often. i had a picture of me driving a very expensive sports car on my tinder profile. girls thought i saw it at a car show. i think ideally you just have your picture be the deed to your house and the registration for a lamborghini at that address. i think that would work.
grinder is interesting. i try to imagine how tinder would be if girls behaved like guys do on grinder. sometimes i see the advice "just be yourself", on grinder, guys are themselves, and it works. you want to fuck someone, just tell them, nobody will call you a creep or play hard to get. also, in my experience people usually do want to have sex with you regardless of your profession, income, height, etc unless there's something about you they specifically dislike.
all the girls on tinder in my area want to be fed and love adventuring. they just want someone to buy them food and take them places. which they'd have if they had a relationship with their parents
i was actually fairly surprised by the number of attractive women on tinder. i'd say i swipe right 80% of the time. though i don't get much love back. eh, at least it's not a time sink like okcupid for the same result. seems like if there is a match on tinder i'm more likely to at least get a "hey there" type message back. and only one bot so far. but for that one there was no doubt even before i swiped.
"not looking for a hookup" she is, but if she says she wants a hookup, out come the weirdos like me.
tinder is practically porn for guys who get off on the disapproval of women.
"repeated disappointment as fast as you can swipe!"
you don't know how many times i get messages from dudes saying him and his girlfriend/wife are looking for a partner to have "fun" with.
you did so many things right in that last scenario: 1. refusing to "play the game" and flipping the script made you stand out from the other guys competing for her affection. 2. doing so in a humorous manner probably made her smile/laugh. 3. doing so in a mildly self-deprecating manner made you likeable. 4. and finally, even saying that there was one other girl who messaged you back increased your perceived value in her eyes, without coming across as bragging.
i realize this is a joke comment, but my husband found one of those the other day, turns out that it can be erased by holding a flame to the paper, too! we felt like magicians...
yah, basically same here. i have self-esteem though. got 30 matches. zero replies. then i got discouraged and stopped.
'my name is tiffany, and my minge is like opening a grillled cheese.'
hey, everybody is probably going to hate me for this, but i actually met my wife on tinder. flash forward to the present, we've been happily married for 3 years and still going strong.
getting matches doesn't seem to be hard. had a ton of matches when i still had tinder. but no one wants to talk. its just stupid. why match with people you aren't interested in? i get why guys do it cause if they didn't we wouldn't get any matches at all. but then women are just ignoring all their matches anyway? whats the point.
are you trying to talk to girl-people or boy-people? because if it's girl-people then our theory is intact. if it's boy-people we must question everything we know about tinder.
whatever type was responsible for the great famine
no, for tinder especially you kinda need to be attractive first. it's difficult to express wealth, humor and big cock through a selfie. unless you just make your pic a dick pic? will that get you banned? if you want wealth to carry you, you probably need to sign up for seekingarrangement.com and just flat out pay a girl to see you. (but they're not prostitutes! they promise!)
too real? no, sir, 50% real, 50% girls from fwbworld, where ass eating is always on the menu.
her okcupid profile is in her post history. judging by that, i'd guess she's looking at guys out of her league. i guarantee she's getting swiped right, she just doesn't like the matches she gets.
the term is unicorn. i'm poly and married. lots of married couples want to share a young, attractive, bisexual woman. there aren't many young, attractive bisexual women looking for couples. so everyone is searching for a unicorn, but they're almost impossible to find.
you gotta hit em with the big guns, my guy. name puns usually get a response, the cornier, the better. her name is maggie? easy-hit her with the "what's your favorite food? mine is mag 'n cheese." got a lisa on your hands? fire off a "i don't message a lot on here, but i'm hoping you'll give me at lisa response" or, open with a really corny joke, but keep it clean. you can find them on r/dadjokes, and they're money. also, be really physically attractive. that helps too.
instead of going out to clubs to meet and have some fun with girls, nba players are using tinder to meet up with people and have one night stands. so basically if you want tons of tinder success, just become an nba player.
i'm pretty unique, i personally love to laugh. seriously, when i see this in a profile i imagine someone just sitting there in a room alone. "well, time to start laughing. ha. ha ha. ahahahahaha!"
they're not singles if you count the kids they already have.
it's probably more likely that pmme-your-tits-girl just knows how to talk to women.
i'm married now but i used to do online dating. i'd start with something like "i really enjoyed reading your profile and you seem like someone i'd like to get to know. maybe we could chat here and go out to dinner or something if you feel comfortable." got like a 60% response rate. but you find out most of the time they all have one or two word answers and don't really care to ask about you. those are the chicks that want a free meal and/or some penis. the ones that engage with you are actually interested.
the way to get girls is to not try at all. - ridiculously handsome guy
i used to write "your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter."
"tons of hot singles are ready to ignore you! click here!"
i frequently delete tinder, because i never get matched with girls i'm actually attracted to (serial right-swiper, sue me). but every once in a while, i'll know of a genuine tinder success story and it keeps that little flame of hope - just barely - alive.
i dont quite qualify for a whole month of their time...
was a guy on tinder. self-esteem and ego skyrocketed. but i mean, there's only one way for it to go when it's at rock bottom already.
nah, i mean my birth, not the time you slept with her.
always swipe right for people you want to bang, not marry. you will never get matches if you only swipe right for the unicorns.
do you like having conversations that go nowhere? enjoy racking your brain thinking of interesting shit to say for it to ultimately fail every time? welcome to tinder!
probably a balance between having enough bots to boost your revenue but not so many bots that people give up on your service completely. guess every business does this: how much can we piss off our customers without losing them. looking at you, arlines.
i've done this, click like as fast as i can until it runs out just to see who i'm matching with. turns out fat chicks and old ladies are pretty into me.
or it's an open marriage and the dude wants to watch.
tinder actually got me in a situation like that, writing that i'm a bi girl in my profile attracted those kind of people a lot.
being dishonest in any dating scenario (through an app or otherwise) doesn't work in the long run. if someone is only interested in you for your money and they realize you have none, then how long do you think that relationship is going to last? dishonesty in dating is just wasting everyone's time. if you want to find someone who is truly interested in you, then you're really being self-defeating when you pretend to be someone else.
don't forget that unlike most human beings, they also love to have a good time!
no son, you can hit the bottom and start digging deeper.
are you hitting them with the 'hey' if so, that's why
to be serious for a second (as i do get matches), i think i'm alright looking. however, my bio and pics are probably shit.
no he's not! he's just demonstrating his value to her. that's the d in dennis.
road teams have actually been playing better in the last few years. there's a theory that one of the reasons for it is because tinder made finding a hookup much faster so now players can get some action and still get a lot of sleep.
lol i did that too and found out she super liked me back. not a bad ego boost but the whole "super like" thing is v. weird
do you have a photo of yourself hugging a tiger? or a photo of you doing yoga in front of a sunset on a beach? no? no wonder they aren't interested in you..
it's some good adviiiiiiiiiiice that you just didn't take
and apparently you absorb a little bit of bpa each time you handle that thermal paper
i hope the collapse quickly, they are toxic, just like several other groups
usually you pre pay by card if it's a chain or through a delivery service, but in my experience little mom and pop places have the option to pay cash the door. even some delivery services you can choose to pay cash. whenever people pull tricks like that though it's just the little restaurants that suffer. the recipient would just turn them away and say they didn't order it and the restaurant would have to eat the cost of good and time.
purely anecdotal, but we passed them in hollywood one time. they approached me, i gave a polite no as soon as guy stopped talking. i told my mom in spanish to keep walking. guy immediately approaches my mom and gives his pitch in perfect spanish. my no that time was a little harsher.
was kind of dismayed when i saw the harlem church of scientology. they really are targeting the poor. it was getting remodeled when i saw it too. looked very nice, and expensive
i watched a documentary on anonymous one time. it turns out they they are just a bunch of 4chan hacktivists who (for the most part) are unaffiliated with each other. it seems to me that there's not really a way to join anonymous. you just hack and then say you are part of it.
i once 'hacked' one of those radio voting contests for a friend by using proxies to change my ip everytime i cast a vote in their favour. is that cool enough for anonymous?
most of us know it's bad but are still surprised that a lot of celebrities here joined them. every time i'm in hollywood and walk by the cos, i'm pretty disgusted by it, i'm sure others here are to.
the big new one in north hollywood? i drive by it at least once a week. what was extra bizzare about it was that when they were doing the final landscaping touches, all of the work was being done exclusively at night. and not by landscapers either. so i'd be driving by at 9 pm and see 2 women and a man wearing formal sea org-esque gear trying to plant a palm tree.
clearwater is a very nice city in florida near tampa and st. pete that cos, unfortunately, took over a while back. cos owns something like half the real estate in the city and i think it's considered the cos hq outside of the seaorg.
clearwater, florida is home to the scientology headquarters. there are anecdotes of scientologists having completely penetrated the local government, including law enforcement.
yeah after they lost all that money on ink anyway
i don't think people are that mad anymore i think at first they thought it was gonna be about the kkk or some shit.
and that's what i like about anonymous. they're actually helpful.
i worked at domino's last year, you could pay in cash
most receipts today are printed on thermal paper. that's why they fade.
that...doesn't sound like how you meant it...probably.
well, sure. landscapers need to be paid. cult members don't. so after their 9-5 jobs in the real world, they go to the cos and do their menial labor.
it's a free riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide when you've already paid
both. george lucas joined the church in the early '90s
and the birth of a new scientology division! we'll call it... scientonerology!
operation chanology. probably the nail in the coffin for old anonymous as they split between "moralfags" and "oldfags" originally it was for the lulz, but some of them grew a heart during this. then they became hactivists.
i got a friend that went to the chiropractor for like 2 years and his posture went from "meh" to greek statue.
nah, it's all by credit card through an app or by phone. you can tip at the door, but even tipping a guy for hundreds of pizzas seemed like a fair trade in exchange for, you know, getting hundreds of pizzas. :p
as a former person who logics, they probably didn't send hundreds of pizzas across europe from a single shop.
as a waco resident... that's a solid joke, how have i not heard that?
"and why is this fax different from all other faxes?"
well yeah every form of harassment they did was illegal, that's why they did it anonymously but yes in this case an innocent bystander was the victim.
i still find it astounding how something like scientology can still be running today.
you have to admit their buildings are, although empty, beautiful. i've always wanted to take a tour to see the inside, but although i would never join, they scare me. cults are no joke.
then when you come home you notice that you forgot to switch the default printer and the entire house is smeared with black ink and thousands of paper sheets. that is the exact same moment someone rings your doorbell and you open it, hearing the words: "hi, we're from scientology. we would like to have a little talk about how we can improve your life!"
nah, 125th and 2(?)nd either 2nd or first. it's right by the bridge to randall's island
if you're referring to the one on 125th and 5th ave, i believe they recently closed it down and moved out.
they've taken down lots of child pornography sites.
ugh, i remember those. they came by my university during finals week and tested to see if we had any stress.
clearwater, fl. the public headquarters of the cult. the flag organization is where most of the "high-level" (high cost) courses and services are provided. downtown clearwater has been dominated by scientology, only now the city has taken steps to regain it
this is just the level of pettiness that i strive for every day.
do you mean to say xenu's overlordship isn't a glorious culture?
you know they don't pay for the pizza right? that's the point
/b/ era anonymous use to do good. you know in between ex-gf nude threads, loli threads, and cp. but they also trolled scientology and ddossed a site so thats cool, i guess?
that seems natural, to have infiltrators in the gov. jesus, man.
how that doesnt constitute conspiracy to kidnap and enslavement is just beyond me.
as a former pizza guy, that store was probably out of dough for a day or two and pissed about it.
these fuckers put me through hell a couple years ago when i made several suggestions online about where their money goes...they have a new mega-center in israel. they nearly ruined my life, had me put away somewhere presumably until i died but luckily i escaped. they will harass you online and once it begins it's a nightmare. i'm still scared because there's a big org less than a mile from my house.
so is this like a once-a-year re-post? is there a list i can get on to get a turn for this free karma next year?
i'd dig it if they could release trump's tax return
the operation was a massive success, significantly impairing their ability to receive legitimate faxes for several days.
every bad press event. it is called the streisand effect, where asking people to not talk about something makes people want to talk about it.
all it would take is for one person to step forward and claim they were coerced, no? how can the system allow for such a blind spot?
really? you can't order a pizza and pay with cash at your door? that kind of sucks.
undermining a local government is not a minor threat, as that gives (the ideologues) an official, state-sanctioned proxy arm to seriously fuck with anyone in that municipality who disagrees with them... it gives them a real court system- with full force of law- to fuck with **anyone, anywhere** who disagrees with them if they can articulate jurisdiction and haul it into that venue. the perversion of government by ideological operatives is incredibly dangerous, since it gives ideologues control over the mechanisms of government that exist with the idea that exactly those people not be in charge of that authority. a lot of special interests realized that getting federal laws passed was too hard, so they'd buy off state senates and have state laws passed to suit their interests, then try cases there, including against people who live in other places. not fun getting a summons notifying you that you're being sued in florida when you live in wyoming.
you're way off base and it's pretty clear you're not familiar with non-profits. 'non-profit' does not mean the organization can't take in more money than they spend. it means they can't pass that 'profit' on to owners, it's supposed to stay in the organization for pursuit of that organization's mission. they don't have to spend a bunch of money just to avoid a 'profit'. additionally, as far as i'm aware the church of scientology qualifies as a religion. most of their money comes from donations/dues, right?
yeah i bet they have their a+ game around the hollywood offices. fucking vultures. we've got enough religions. at least the others can claim a heritage and culture and not the ravings of a bad sci fi writer.
bit harsh on the poor pizza delivery guys. bet they converted the lot.
i find it astounding that people still have fax machines, too
ex mormon here, i never felt that way tbh. think it depends on local culture.
ugh - someone try and touch me is going to have a hard time walking afterwards. that's gross.
the ink was supposed to run out but instead lasted 8 days printing black pages.
the stories from what happens in their buildings are insane, crazy to think that it's done in the us.
are those street names real? "very very" right next to "unemployed"...
maxim #29: "the enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. no more, no less."
have anonymous actually done anything useful or do they just make edgy videos still?
didn't the city recently buy up some property so the cos wouldn't get their hands on it? we used to vacation in clearwater and my dad lives there now. i love the city and i'm glad they're actively standing up to scientologists trying to take over.
and it's stupid aren't ppl of color seen as less to them. the founder was racist.
too bad people who do nothing claim to be part of it to sound cool, and anyone who actually does something cool would never say they were part of anonymous because it would diminish their achievements
ah, that's the part i was missing. i don't order pizza a whole lot, but all the places i've ordered from require you to pay in advance.
hellloooo my names nnnniiiiiinnnnnnooooooo (im sorry)
sooo why are their facilities still operational? cults committing felonies should probably not be around
aren't they in hemet, ca? i just drove past it a few weeks ago, and it was pointed out as the headquarters.
surely i'm not the only person who thinks that sending "hundreds of pizzas" isn't so much an aggressive tactic as an invitation to party? is anonymous trying to say that american scientologists are evil, but european scientologists are actually pretty neat fellows who deserve some polite recognition?
there really isn't an anonymous group. whenever a group gets together they can decide to use the name anonymous. the whole thing is that it's not an actual group, but an idea, or movement, the whole "you can't kill an idea." stuff.
anonymous attacking scientology in defense of gawker. freedom of speech makes strange allies
i could be wrong, but i haven't seen any outrage about far cry 5. i don't think anyone aligns themselves with the people in that game.
i'm a member of anonymous. i quit anonymous. that was fun.
they force people to confess that they're undergoing the kidnapping and near slavery voluntarily therefore the church cannot get in legal trouble.
if they come at you again online, screenshot it and post to a heavily trafficked sub. i bet you get thousands of people that would help you, some of which actually would know how.
probably similar to the prosperity gospel stuff they pull in some mega churches. in my home state of ga there is a man, creflo dollar, who heads a mega church in college park. in 2014 they estimated ~39% of the population lived in poverty. that didn't stop creflo from asking his congregation to pay for his 60 million dollar gulfstream jet. he was asking his followers to donate $300 or more so he could own a new jet. some people are really shitty.
here hold these magic nunchucks and let me give you a pop quiz
oh god that's hilarious. rocking chair and quikstop, i can understand those, somewhat. but very very and unemployed, those are head scratchers.
the truly ironic thing is that none of alanis' examples are actually ironic. the song, itself, provides the irony. it's brilliant, if you stop to think about it.
they could be the gen ix remakes of pokemon black and white.
the enemy of my enemy dies next. in the mean time they might be useful.
when my mother worked at nasa in the 80's someone got the idea that they could send spam with fax machines and they started spamming hers and other folks offices. the faxes of the day rolled the pages through. the nasa engineers took black paper, taped a few together into a loop and would just fax away. iirc faxes used a special paper back then that was fairly expensive, or it may have been the ink. they stopped receiving spam faxes pretty shortly thereafter.
like most other scientology"orgs", sf valley is a ghost town every day. they've sunk millions into empty buildings. they've made some small inroads with the (also swiftly shrinking) 'nation of islam', but their penetration into latin demographics is astoundingly slow compared to islam, mormonism, or smaller nrms. the "church"is on its last legs for membership. we're already on the downslope of it's inevitable crash. since they've built up a lot of capital, the rtc leadership will likely continue to exist for a few decades, but membership is already much smaller than they advertise.
you'd find astounding that hubbard mandated everything done by telex. so they *still* use telex
and the prequels will always exist. the christmas special cannot be undone. they will never go away.
from what i've heard from people wayyyyy more interested in cs than i, this is unlikely.
sorry brian but you know the rules. those pizzas come out of your wage.
they either have their multi-lingual members work the hollywood branch, or they just train their hollywood branch staffers to speak multiple languages. i was there recently, and had a guy speak to me in perfect hebrew. i jokingly told him something to the effect of "oh wow, you must speak every language" to which he replied (seriously) "nah, i only know nine, but i'm working on another two".
i wish there was something i could do like this with my local scientology church. they are offering free personality and stress tests and keep trying to me to take them and i have to walk past them multiple times a day for work. they know who i am and smile as they offer me it and once a dude put his arm round my shoulder to usher me in. no thank you.
also, on big orders, they would generally require payment in advance.
the internet has completely destroyed my ability to distinguish satire
oh my, i used to live in tampa; i had to go through clearwater on a near daily basis. i can confirm that there are scientologists *everywhere*. i honestly felt uncomfortable; i started feeling uncomfortable going to the beach 'cause of that.
just to clarify, the reason they have so many empty buildings is because non-profits -- as their name suggests -- are not allowed to make significant profits. they buy empty buildings as a way to get around this requirement and retain their wealth. they never have any plans for most of them beyond that.
and people are mad that far cry 5 is about killing religious nuts, because "that doesn't happen in the usa at all". it's truly freaky that an organisation like that can find enough roots to plant its tree.
just tape a bunch of pages together and watch them go around in a loop on the fax machine. roflmao
i remember a quote about anonymous in my local newspaper: "anyone can become a member of anonymous just by saying they are" says the ex anonymous member henry."
the mayor went to one of their events? not surprising, but kinda still surprising. how do people in la in general feel toward the cos?
then what if they miss that deal to fly to hawaii for $99?
wait wait, he *told* them that he wanted the money to buy himself a new jet?!
sorry we're closed, we sent out brian with 340 pizzas and he's not going to get back until sunday night.
unfortunately, the church of scientology is very real
hard to report people working on visas to immigration
unfortunately they're sitting on millions in property alone. possibly billions in total. it's going to be a slow burn.
funny story. back in the day my grandpa owned an almond orchard and lived in northern california. big migrant worker county. he had mexican workers for him every summer and he was of the opinion that to speak spanish all you had to do was put an "a" or "o" at the end of english words. to pull down almonds the method was to shake trees and branches with ropes, hit branches with sticks, etc. he would tell them to "pull down the ropa! get the ropa!" but he didn't know he was telling them to get the clothes out of the trees and they were very confused.
they'll bury their head in the sand or tell you that he's the president so he can share what he wants.
isn't that what we thought after nixon? i quoted obama's faith in the american people during the last election. now i'm quoting george carlin (originally h.l. mencken, thanks everyone), that no one has ever gone broke betting against the intelligence of the american people.
 as much as i want him to be impeached, i see comments like this every day to the point that i just can't get my hopes up anymore. i hope to high hell that one day i'm proven wrong.
the *washington post* newsroom is filled with patriots. the trump white house is not.
legally he's in the clear for this, and that's the argument trump supporters are going to stick with. would they say that if hillary had done this? oh fuck no, they'd be shitting themselves.
fucking hell, there really is a tweet for everything.
does no one ever learn? you cannot win a land war in asia, and you cannot win a trade war with canada!
"dangerously insane man acts dangerously insane. people shocked."
trump has ruined being a republican honestly. neutral, voting whomever is better each election has been fantastic so far for me. to be fair, has been all dems and libs so far for me.
buzzfeed's serious news has been good for a long time, the clickbait shit is basically designed to fund the reporting
seriously. have you read buzzfeed news recently? it's... weirdly respectable and competent.
the washington post and pbs have always done a good job. cnn has really stepped up its game (literally from *not being journalism at all* a year ago to having a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed). since the election, i've had ample reason to be angry at the nyt. i actually am more pleased with the wsj's journalism right now.
yea, i'm gonna go ahead and need every republican congressman to watch replays of them bitching and moaning over the dangers of hillary's emails, then go ahead and have them explain why this shit is ok.
he's literally using being the president of the united states to *look* powerful. because that's who he is, and who he's always been: obsessed with looking rich, with not just being successful but being *seen* as successful, and then, after going bankrupt, with being seen as the greatest businessman ever in the make-believe world of reality tv. he has no concept of using power for good, or even using power for anything other than making sure other people know he has power. that's the actual, real president of the united states; a guy who leaks secrets because they're worthless to him. because even when he has something as valuable as classified information, it doesn't matter to him unless other people know he has it.
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "nothing"
we don't want a trade war! just stop being all crazy!
anyone wondering if the tass photog was in the room for this portion?
this getting out *is* the ic revolt. it had to come from the people at the cia and nsa doing damage control.
i keep hearing "politics as usual" from people. it drives me nuts, i'm as jaded and cynical as the next person, but i know this shit is pretty unprecedented. or at the very least it's unprecedented that they blundered so fucking bad that they're getting caught red-handed.
this news on friday: wow and we thought monday was crazy!
from reading the article it appears he mentioned all this just to brag about what kind of great intel he gets. he may have ruined our relationship with key middle east allies just to look cool. i'm honestly not sure which is scarier. if he did it on purpose or just to show off.
the world is playing chess while donnie has connect 4.
i never got the, 'let's wait him out and pass what we can in the meantime' mentality the gop seems to have. it's like they could not give any type of shit about our national security. shit could go way wrong real fast, the type of shit that won't only effect the poor or brown people either. the type of bad shit that hurts people indiscriminately.
a blue tidal wave in 2018. that is what it will take.
with a side of "fake news anonymous sources wapo is lamestream liberal media and also the real story here is how did this leak?"
i have never met someone so deeply disturbed into inaction as mccain.
friday news in this administration has been pretty exciting in the sense that nuclear war would be exciting in a certain light.
it's a national security issue. he quite possibly just got our intelligence community cut off from our allies in sharing information.
and the russians are like "i don't believe you. why don't you tell us?"
by far the funniest thing snl has had in months.. and of course it's completely fucking true
is this it? did we get him? oh right, nothing matters anymore.
well, they were already cutting trump's admin off from info, or at least thinking about it...this just confirms that they should. jesus.
can you guys please invade... like seriously, i'll even start liking hockey
~~newton's third law: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.~~ trump's first law: for every action, statement, or tweet, there is an equal and opposite tweet.
they have proof.... and they are exercising more restrain about keeping the details secret than our own president...
president* trump has gone ~~1~~ 0 days without committing an impeachable offense.
up north. not much we can do outside our milk embargo for now, but we all wish you the best of luck. america is a lovely country.
i continue to wonder why the gop risk their careers for this clown when pence would sign every shit bill they lay on his desk.
step 1: get democrats elected to congress. step 2: impeach. can't do step 2 without step 1. mcconnell and ryan have made that perfectly clear. at best, about 30 gop reps would need to go along with the house dems to bring a motion to the floor to do anything. and that's as likely as seeing 3 gop senators vote to make schumer the senate leader.
if mcmaster is covering for trump it is hugely disappointing.
i am a life long republican. i decided about 50 days ago to change parties. i have totally had it with the republican party. i did not vote for trump. he is a dangerous person that is doing this country deep harm. someone needs to do something before he does irreversible harm. and the party is just letting this all happen. it is a disgrace and completely shameful.
probably more like this: trump: "i get great intel." kislyak: "psshh. that's not what obama said, he said you have tiny hands and your intel sucks." trump: "what?! i've got the best intel, believe me. i just can't reveal--" kislyak: "yeah obama said you'd say that. he said you're a little pussy that acts like he has good intel." trump: "that motherfucker!" *proceeds to reveal classified information*
this motherfucker could steal the krabby patty formula and actually get away with it.
i think this might just make the war hawks flip their shit.
don't worry, he's going after canada on softwood, a battle america has lost over and over. but russia is a true friend!
i'd bet you are right on the second guess. he just wants to be loved so much that he would give away the nuclear codes if he got a pat on the back and a "good boy".
reading that trump nuked north korean would actually surprise me **less** at this point.
and you know what? trump will continue to get intelligence reports for the rest of his life as all former presidents do. **he could keep doing this shit for the next 10-15 years if he should live so long.**
i honestly don't know what the tipping point is anymore. he fires comey, then meets with the russians in the oval office, at the request of putin, with one of the guys at the fucking center of the investigation. then trump admits he fired comey regardless of whatever the recommendation from the deputy ag/ag were (not counting that sessions recused himself) because he wanted the investigation into russia to stop. he then threatens comey about "tapes", and now it comes out that he leaked classified info to the fucking russians that we don't share with our allies. what. the. fuck. what else has to happen for the republicans to act?
trump is definitive proof that the government is not involved with bigfoot, ufos, time travel, killing jfk or 9/11. otherwise he'd tell all of us the first chance he got.
hopefully this forces the intelligence agencies into rapid action to get trump the fuck out of the oval office. if they know that the global network of information sharing that they've been developing for the last century is at risk they might look to speed things up a bit.
liberals are finally waking up to what conservatives have known for years; no amount of good argumentation matters if you don't have political power. there's no beautifully written and logically sound essay that's going to take down trump. if you don't vote in every election from dog-catcher to senator, nothing you retweet matters. if he openly and flagrantly breaks the law, but republicans still control all the apparatus it would take to remove him, it doesn't matter. there's nothing he can say, nothing he can do, nothing the damn russia investigation could turn up that will remove him. it takes political power.
wow. i know it isn't illegal, per se, since he as president has the final say on classificiation, but this is huge. i'd give 50/50 odds that this was intentional vs. him being so fucking thick and vain that lavrov charmed it out of him, too.
i imagine lewis black will have decent material soon.
it was a liberal baby with pre-existing conditions.
anxiously awaiting the inevitable "failing washington post" tweet from trump any minute now.
thomas paine was an incredible american. died shunned because he was way before his time in his confrontation with religion.
spicer could quit anytime he wants, and no reasonable person would blame him. every time he steps up to the podium, he's choosing to do this to himself.
john mccain's actions as of lately i haven't been impressed with. though many people forget how much of a hero he is for having gone through this hardship. i really hope he acts responsibly with his reaction to this news.
he'd probably get impeached. but i am dead certain that unless it was an innocent (white) baby on its way back from baptism, a solid ~20% of voters would start making excuses for him.
there's this weird attempt to separate islam from christianity by claiming that even though they're both the god of abraham that islam was actually coopted by a mother religion that worshiped the moon, and that's why they use the crescent moon iconography
this is insanity. not only does he have no clue how bad the russia thing is, he thought it was no big deal just to blab state secrets to a foreign ambassador. i don't know what the technical definition of treason is but this bullshit is more than enough for my standard.
i know you were being sarcastic, but clinton didn't even share classified info. people discussed things that were retroactively labeled classified, but there's no evidence that any of it was hacked or shared with people who weren't supposed to have access to it.
russia is the ally. (in trump's world). our real allies are now second class friends.
thanks. those two statements are clearly irreconcilable. if the unredacted transcript is not published then you know which one is true.
the thing is, there isn't (yet) any indication that this was done *on purpose*. which makes it all the more breath-taking. how on earth can this man be entrusted with our national security if he makes these gob-smackingly amateurish mistakes?
my guess is that buzzfeed news is full of young reporters who are hungry and have nothing to lose. big firms may be still playing the "access journalism" game and don't push too hard.
trump's logic: "you know what i should do to make me look more innocent during a fbi investigation? give classified information to russia"
i could break my own legs with a baseball bat if i want, that doesn't mean it's a good idea.
i doubt it. this is probably a "big move" that they will praise him for
man, trump might be a total disaster and we now probably have a schism where 30% of our country is basically impossible to politically reintegrate into our national fabric, but the one silver lining here is that journalism has stepped up its game 200 fold from just 2 years ago.
well ya see, hillary didn't mean to share classified info but she did, which reveals incompetence. trump *meant* to share classified info, which shows real boldness. /s
seriously. can you imagine if obama did this? or if hillary got elected and immediately leaked information to the russians? they would have been impeached within 24 hours. but republicans don't have standards i guess.
us politics have entered a new chapter in the past year or so that could be titled: **nothing matters anymore**. like you said, trump fires comey, meets with the russians, etc. he brags about sexual assault and his penis size, breaks every rule in the book of presidential campaigns, refuses to disclose his tax returns, and thousands of other things i won't bother with, and he still gets away with it. he has yet to receive punishment. decency? honesty? the constitution? nothing matters anymore. us politics has become *trivial*, a game of pure partisan savagery where scoring points for your team and bending the rules to your benefits are all that matters. the greater good? forget about it. politics has become the hunger games.
no way - he pissed off a gypsy and no matter where he falls asleep he wakes up in virginia 30 minutes before a briefing.
way worse. he just compromised an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation. voluntarily.
i'm not an expert, but this seems to be worse than having an email server that nobody ever appears to have hacked, right?
lifelong liberal here, but i have lots of family that i always considered to be thoughtful, responsible republicans. we could actually have civil discussions and disagreements. i miss republicans like that, and sincerely believe that our democracy is strengthened when there are different viewpoints that have to be sorted out via our electoral process. but the current incarnation of the republican party is just surreal to me. they seem rabidly hateful, dishonest, irrational, fanatic...all really terrifying qualities. i honestly can't understand why or how they got to this place and why they'd allow someone like trump to represent their principles and collective voice. it's caused me to lose a lot of faith in many of my fellow americans. your post cheered me up a tiny bit. best wishes to you
they use their click bait bullshit to pull in money to pay for their news arm they poach serious journalist to build credibility.
un-fucking-real. when are his supporters going to drop this 4d chess bullshit? it sounds like he can't even read... "u.s. officials said that the national security council continues to prepare multi-page briefings for trump to guide him through conversations with foreign leaders but that he has insisted that the guidance be distilled to a single page of bullet points, and often ignores those." really?
it will take a few hours for them to circle the wagons. my prediction is something along the lines of, "the president determines what information is classified, and is allowed to share information with other countries as he sees fit."
what else would you expect from a guy who thinks the human body is like a battery with a finite amount of energy, and when you work out, you are using up that energy and causing yourself to die early.
we are losing the faith of our allies by the hour. hopefully the intelligence community revolts from within.
and he didn't even need to be tortured! fun fact: john mccain is incapable of raising his arms above his head because of the brutal torture he received as a pow. they broke both his arms and didn't set them right.
yes, let's hang up on the pm of australia and refuse to shake merkel's hand, but cozy up to turkey, egypt, and the philippines. i don't want my country's foreign policy dictated by a man who has a hard-on for authoritarians.
a warning issued for saying he disagrees? this is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears, and going "la, la, i'm not listening!"
no need to wait on "soon." i saw lewis black live last month. he's already amassed a treasure trove of material from this shit. i laughed. i cried. i left more disgruntled than ever. good times.
trump *can* declassify anything he wants. it's just the context here makes him **extremely fucking incompetent**.
but every trump supporter will still say "but where's the proof?"
it's really sad that a newspaper has higher respect for classified information than our president does.
we will be fine. this isn't russia, the stakeholders in government won't be murdered. the arms of the government are dealing with this, and while it's going slower than any of us would like, it's actually moving very rapidly. he will destroy himself and the gop is going to get annihilated for years to come over this.
so let me get this right. putin made a special request that trump meet the ambassador, and trump complied. all us media was shut out, but russian media was allowed. and he gave them classified information. ... *sigh*
trump could literally be caught taking a wad of cash from putin in exchange for policy decisions and republicans in congress won't see "reason to investigate." they're all corrupt; they're all craven. vote them out.
the only way to get him to do something is to insist it's the opposite of what obama would do. someone telling him that "obama would be tweeting about this nonstop" would mean a quiet 45. except when it comes to golfing, i guess. seems 45 was just jealous of obama's golf trips and decided that he had to golf ten times harder just to prove superiority.
"a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed" what a world we live in.
yep. he's the only guy in the world who becomes president of the fucking united states of america and is still so insecure he has to brag about the perks of the job.
did..did his advisors and lawyers get him to shut the fuck up and not draw attention to a forthcoming wapo piece?
his approval rating with the republican base has to get so catastrophically low enough that cooperating with him hurts their chances of passing their agenda of tax cuts for the wealthy and eliminating social programs and the epa. it's still in the upper 80s. even when nixon resigned (under pressure by a democratic congress) his approval rating among republicans was still ~55.
the democrats need to come out and say that they are basically going to keep a list of every single piece of legislation that the gop passed before they decided to turn on trump, and that when the democrats retake control of congress and the white house, they are going to repeal every single last piece of legislation the gop passed.
same here. i was hoping to quit this addiction after hillary wins election and life goes to normal. several treasons later i'm still here
this news in 1997: holy shit! this news in 2002: world war is coming. this news in 2012: potus is killing america. this news in 2017: i guess it's monday.
despite the bunch of comments below saying they don't like trudeau. i think he's already done a lot of good things and overall like the way he's taking our country. i didn't vote for him, and he's made some decisions i disagree with but i think he's doing a really good job compared to either of the alternatives at the moment. if there were another election today, trudeau would probably win again.
he had been awfully quiet given the ongoing bad headlines. i was expecting daily tweetstorms. wonder if this was why spicey was so subdued today.
yeah. right before the end of humanity they put on a nice flourish!
well put. this was probably israel or jordan, but at this point, who on earth would share sources/methods with us intelligence, knowing trump might compromise them.
guys, help. i'm full-on addicted to american politics and i'm not even from your country. wapo might as well be crack with a subscription service.
people were saying this shit during the campaign. that he's totally unstable and cannot be trusted with information like that. but whatever, emails, i guess.
"allowed" starts to lose it's meaning when talking about clandestine foreign affairs of sovereign countries. allowed or not, however, there will certainly be consequences to the united states for doing this.
i'm a canadian living here. it's... quite the experience. i feel like i'm on a plane slowly divebombing into the ocean and i'm looking at my passport like it's a goddamn eject seat going "now? do i wait? how late is too late before i get the fuck out?"
i wonder what carlin would say if he were still around to witness all this. i know that it would be hysterical, if nothing else.
and here's the kicker; it was entirely unprompted. lavrov was probably standing there, mouth agape, at what this blithering idiot offered up totally on his own.
if this is true and not mischaracterized. lets be real. any trump supporter that is not saying "lock him up" - cares more about their party winning than the country.
i don't know where you're from but help us, please.
i actually don't know what it's gonna take anymore.
my favorite from the soccer sketch is: "that man's nose must be *absolutely* devastated! it's gonna look like a witch that flew her broom into her nose and then crashed into a hammer!"
i swear the commentators make these sketches so much funnier. the soccer one is great too.
to be honest, i'll keep the snail locked up but accessible if i want it. what if i ever get bored of living? i need a way out.
this is what i thought as well. this isn't a downer ending, the entire film is a fricking downer
i'm sorry but garlic and onions are *not* fucking "optional".
i got fired from my families nathans for telling an old lady i'd punch her in the face if she spit at me. we rented space at a wal-mart and the district manager heard the half of the conversation where i threatened an old lady. he called my dad who owned it and told him his half of the story and that they needed to fire that employee or they'd break the lease. that was a bad day.
there's this scene in hot fuzz where someone slips and falls with his chin on a miniature church. when grosses out by the scene, my father casually mentioned he once saw his neighbour slip and fell with her chin on one of these iron fences.
the thing is, you've probably seen a hundred videos of dancers who are a lot more skilled. dancers doing utterly baffling moves. but none of them has the style of mj. he was magical.
yeah man, surviving heat death is a major problem. as smart as that presumably malevolent snail is, it can't communicate. having it tossed into a reasonably sized metal ball that you secretly keep with you at all times means it isn't likely to be opened without your consent. since it's with you, you don't risk losing it and accidentally surviving eternity. dying early because the snail found a way out sucks, sure, but floating in space alone sucks way more.
i thought that was the point of slice-of-life anime.
"he's like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot." is my personal favourite.
i worked at a grocery store when i was young and heard something very similar. guy behind be customer service counter yelled "i don't make enough to keep me on this side of the counter!" at this super bitchy woman, things got very heated after that. lots of yelling back and forth while the whole store just stopped and watched.
on top of that, if the snail is so smart, why can't it be reasoned with? it is sentient after all, and i'm sure the snail doesn't want to be thrown into a black hole...
ok jesus christ, even after knowing how it's done from the op, i still can't read his feet movements. i believe he was magical... period...
right? also, i could totally see that getting made into a movie, that is crazy that he found her again.
i swear i had a guy imitating him at work the other day. i went up to a table and asked for their order and he asked for ribs. i asked what kind of potato he wanted and he goes "potato?" so i explain (because a lot of people don't know the ribs come with a potato) and he's still confused so i say "you know... baked, fries, or even rice." and that's when the realization hits.
i have blueberry, raspberry, ginseng, sleepy time, green tea, green tea with lemon, green tea with lemon and honey, liver disaster, ginger with honey, ginger without honey, vanilla almond, white truffel, blueberry chamomile, vanilla walnut, constant comment and earl grey. ... i'll just make some sleepy time
sounds like what he needed was to gtfo the town he was in.
i am not familiar with us laws, but how would a pre-nup work in this case? could he have protected most of his assets?
yea but they couldn't give it pants? they had to go all check out my cup of balls and this cup of noodles.
why do they all go to pay.reddit? what is pay.reddit?
my neighbor won 18 million. he was older, and his wife had died years previously. he was a very low key millionaire. he lived in a modest, unkempt house. the only thing i saw him buy was a new truck. he was lonely, and married a waitress at his favorite diner. soon after she filed for divorce to get half of his money. he was tied up in courts for years. i moved not long after, so am not sure what the outcome was. i felt bad for the guy.
was this real? surely it can't be, you have to specifically choose a picture which it then shows you before you upload no? please let this be real :')
hey! thank you for thinking enough of this to pull it out and show people. you've put a smile on my face and a spring in my step.
fuck man that's crazy. i never imagined winning the lottery was like that.
japanese mma fighter doing a pose during one of the fight press conferences before the actual fight. cup o noodles man, a brand by nissin, is paying the mma for advertising space.
i was waiting for it to freeze, turn black and white, and the text "dog running on lake productions" to appear.
probably. he was older, and naive. he was lonely and thought she loved him. i'm not sure if the courts sided with him or not. either way, it sucks to have someone you love divorce you for your money, and tie you up in court so you can't enjoy the money/time you have left.
no kidding. a 3 bed 1 bath one story "fixer upper" (read: no one is looking at the structure because it's being torn down the day the place sells) goes for 2 million on my street
i live in nyc. im just going to ride the bus looking for situations like this everyday now.
this may be the best financial advice for when you accidentally gain a large amount of money.
that's a very cool story! are you still in contact with the girl?
i can't find it but it was an askreddit question about which actor/actress were secretly gay. all answers were *tom cruise*.
i used to do this as a bouncer all the time. it's so easy. "you wanna go? let's take it outside!" i raise my hand in an "after you" type motion, they walk outside and i pull the door shut and latch it. they'd go ape shit, but they'd do it outside while i smiled a big cheesy grin. it seriously even worked right after you were just trying to get them to leave. "you need to leave." "i'm not leaving. make me." "go outside." "fuck you, i can take you." "you wanna go? ok, let's go. outside." "alright!" they walk outside. i shut the door and latch it. it was so easy to sucker these meatheads. i was always amazed that what i was saying would barely change. i'd say "go outside" and they'd say "no". but if i offered to fight them then said "go outside" they totally would. i wasn't even saying "let's fight", i was saying "you wanna go?" and they heard what they wanted to. suckers.
not gonna lie, this helped me explain why i fell for so many of my female friends, even if it's just for a little bit. spot on.
one is the loneliest number! two tickets to paradise! three times the ladies! *fooooooooo*rever young!
can confirm all about whittaker. source: was my neighbor.
if i had anxiety issues i'm pretty sure some of those would give me a panic attack.
yeah, i find that as i become more familiar with any particular girl i just generally find them more attractive over time, even if upon first meeting them i may have thought otherwise.
it would be very easy to determine if it is a decoy snail or not. just walk around it. if it continues to follow you (like it is required to at all times), then you know it is the real snail. if it doesn't then its just a normal snail.
what if the real snail paid the decoy to follow him around?
wait a second... this isn't funny or nsfw but i like it
every so often, i'll wake up with a few dozen notifications and have that, "what did i post before sleeping?!" moment. always nice to see that it's the ulysses bucket list spreading!
i remember that. starts off as a cool guide to making a giant chocolate egg, ends with "i don't know wtf i'm doing."
the idea that he has a bottle of water and a seat is the most amazing thing about this video.
floating in space alone for eternity. not like end of the universe eternity but even when space and time are no longer things you would still be there. where there is i have no idea but that sounds absolutely horrifying. i think i'd keep the snail in an accessible location, absurdly secured but still accessible for when the universe becomes so inhospitable i will want to leave it.
so you're saying use the dog method of "wanna go outside?" to stop meatheads
you know what makes me sad. everyone kept coming up with ways to box the snail in or kill it or trap it. it never says the snail has to kill you, and if it's super intelligent enough to understand me, then i'd sit down at a safe distance with the snail, talk to it and let it know that while i could be an asshole and box it up, i'd rather spend my money investing in giving it the best snail life possible. i mean, it wouldn't even cost that much. snail is happy, i'm happy.
one of those "came here for the funny porn but learned how to make stir fry" kinda threads.
thank you for showing this to me. i had to share this with my so. she's always dwelling on the fact that i wasn't in love with her from the first day we met. i want to remind her that even though the love wasn't immediate, it is eternal.
i am just sharing stuff i found on reddit. i take no credit for writing the comment or the question. the guy that wrote it got 74 months of gold for it so he still has a few years left from just that comment alone, not counting if he got gold from any other comment since then.
eh, it used to be the secure version of reddit when reddit was not https and i just copied these links from an old post.
and i still wonder why they thought it was a good idea to play with a dildo in a playground.
can't wait to upvote this 17 different times later this week.
the mirrored text brought this to a different level.
what. didnt this have like 19000 upvotes? how come its at 7000 now?
leaking? we humans do not leak with our fleshy, organic coating containing any necessary fluids.
as much as i hate him, u/gallowboob is one of the more healthy karma whores for the site. he produces oc.
i like reposts. it's sometimes fun to see a raccoon lose his cotton candy or a kangaroo get punched by an aussie or a comic of a dog finding out he's a good boy.
hey pp, so how does it feel to have the number 1 post on reddit ever? you should do an ama.
stupid question: how are people making the captions float with the movement in the frame? is it a plugin for after effects or something?
it says, "we gotta make him a real redditor!" for anyone wondering.
what's with the 4,000 downvotes in the last few hours
saw this at 20,000 upvotes and now it's at 9,000 :( does anyone know where it peaked?
he's now employed by unilad, which is a company (?) that (mostly) steals reddit content and reposts to facebook. makes perfect sense, really.
i need a ... *god-damn* ... jan michael vincent over here!
there's only enough time for a jan michael vincent to make it to.. a quadrant. he can't be in two quadrants at once.
i was here. and i will be the last one the ever comment on this post!
this is like the 5th post i've seen in a week over 10k. reddit is either bigger than ever, or hive-mindier than ever. or, more likely, both. oh, and don't get me wrong, this is a great post; i upvoted too.
iirc from the comics, its a new groot but he retains all his memories from past groots.
reposts help people who missed the content the first time get a chance to see it. what we need are reposts that give credit to the original posts. give credit where credit is due.
doesn't that mean he might have clones everywhere and not know it?
i'll never be able to see what it is because it never loads for me.
one of the highest i've seen in my 9yrs of redditing. also, what am i doing with my life.
so this wins right? this gif just won reddit. all of it.
this post was well over 10000 upvotes and now it's 5000, so who are the children that downvote? honestly i'm surprised people defend themselves as being reposters this way
great job, op. i can't wait to see how may reposts this gets with your watermark.
in the comics, it's the former. he can regrow from a single twig, and from context (conversations with rocket, mainly) it seems like he maintains all of his former memories when he does this.
someone said it is an algorithm to drop old content off of popular sub
iirc, in the comics, he's basically able to regenerate from a single twig, so it'd be the same one. however in the comics the process is only supposed to take a few hours or so, and it appears to be taking substantially longer in the movie-verse, so it might be more of a sapling sort of situation.
i'm still a bit confused, is baby groot the same groot but a new spawn? or did the og groot die and this is sapling is sort of his son?
water/flying (or did you leave out the /s i honestly dont know)
well that depends. who are you? are you a physical body, a personality and memories, or a combination of both? if you're mind was transferred into a new body would it still be you? i once saw a documentary that dealt with this by robert schneider called "the hot chick." i recommend you check it out. the chick from the notebook is in it.
why are people so hesitant and afraid to give op credit in their reposts anyway? do they think that will reduce their karma somehow?
power points. he can only use fire blast 5 times (or 8 if he used specific drugs)
welp, looks like i found my new series to watch thanks to you two
that's a strange way of doing it when they could just weigh the votes but still keep the "approximately this many people upvoted it" metric somewhat useful.
why does every comment have fucking at least 20 upvotes???
seriously, it's at 19k now?! i'm posting here just to make history.
yeah that's why i'm here lol. wanted to see how high the top post was at now.
i fucking hate karma decay, its a nonsense way of keeping the front page fresh, but if people are still that happy with this post it should not be decayed until people are fucking done with it. doesn't exactly motivate people to contribute to this shit system.
the longer a post is up reddit removes up votes. it's to prevent one post from always being at the top of r/all
eh, do we know for sure that vol 2 takes place more than a few hours after the first one? i haven't seen anything to suggest a significant amount of time has passed.
after reading your comment i watched it like 6 more times and i still don't see it. where is it?
yeah we don't know how long it's been. though i hope they change things for the movie. baby groot is an adorable character, and fans would be bummed if he fully "grew up" pretty early in the film
how'd this go from 22k upvotes down to 15k upvotes??
yeah but 20k? 10k is definitely impressive but 20k is insane.
is reddit where thechive gets its employees as well? content is definitely taken from here.
this has gone from 21000 upvotes, to 17000, now it's at 11000
couldnt remember. thought he was dragon/water due to the fact he looks like the way japanese and other asian cultures detail their dragons as flying snakes
i didn't realize how much i missed groot until now.
dude, you're going to get murdered one of these days. your feel-good story about feeling comfortable there changes nothing. this isn't about prejudice-you have literal crackheads barging into your house. put those bars up or get a gun or something.
i was struggling a few months back with just feeling utterly, cosmically insignificant. i listened to that song on loop for like a week. the lyrics about the rock on top of the mountain and "looking through heaven's eyes" really helped me out. i think i came through the other side quite changed for the positive as a person. :)
anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation. there's not much difference there.
uh, that sounds nice and all, but you sound like a very comedic murder victim.
not sure if you'll read this, but i'm now in the "hood" (though.. it's really not even close to the hood of my city) and i've realized the problems are caused by kids.. not by adults. anyone that's living in their own place or even with roommates has shit to do so they keep to themselves . it's the neighborhood kids with nothing to do out getting into trouble.
i am glad op had such a good experience but much like you, i had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". there was a general rule in the town i lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. they were right. one time i came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. another time, i came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. there were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. when kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. great for op to have had a good experience but i refuse to go through this again so i will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on.
i just spent a year in a bad neighborhood. i am much more frightened now.
it's a numbers game. op just hasn't been there long enough for the shit to hit yet. one night that homeless vagrant wandering into his backyard will be balls deep in a schizo episode with knife in hand. op yelling out will just be a taunt. one night that light above his drive will go out and never be replaced, suddenly making his corner of the street enticing. the 'bad' areas aren't constant doom and gloom, but the doom comes suddenly and without hesitation far more often than it does in the burbs.
it's funny when people think they need to feed cats
this is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. i live cincinnati and just north of downtown in otr is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that i would definitely call safe, but i would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district
dude i live in a big city (~1m people) known for its homeless and very mild weather, and when i'm out running at night and i see anyone who isn't easily identifiable as "not weird", i move to the other side of the street. the fact you're chilling with the homeless is mind boggling to me. like, i don't mean i think it's disgusting, just that i don't think i ever could do it.
sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. that's the difference.
this is a basic, though understandable, misreading of the conservative position. most conservatives won't phrase their position as "fuck the poor." many support private charity initiatives. it's just that (a) they don't trust the government to be the one to help, and (b), they think welfare programs actually trap the poor in a cycle. it's the difference between buying a kid a candy bar and telling him to do some chores for his allowance (of course, this example only works if there are actually chores for him to do).
i think op admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. used to run a pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). when he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him.
this is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs i've heard. desperate people do desperate things. it's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community?
i guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. i'm in a similar situation- i moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! i never have any trouble and i can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. living the dream.
it's not just perspective though, i think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods. op lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. i lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. during those days, anyone who i spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. by the time i moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live. it's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. it's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs.
assuming you are male? wondering if your gf feels any different? when i first moved to la, i lived in a very low income/homeless area. hardly a day went by without being catcalled, followed and talked to wanting my number or money etc., basically i had to be on higher alert of my surroundings at all times. not to mention the van i drove at the time was broken into countless times and was stripped to almost bare bones inside. i now have a spouse (also female) and a kid and need to move. the only thing in our price range takes us back to these types of areas...maybe i need to find something more 'neighborhood-y'? anyways, just curious on your gf's perspective when she would be out and about on her own.
"fuck you i got mine". a lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way.
we moved back to l.a. four years age, and moved into a "bad" neighborhood, and one that is more ethnically diverse than i had lived in before. in the first two and a half years, we had a home invasion and a drive-by shooting that left a 9mm hole in my neighbor's front window and one in the front door of the building, the door that my family used to go in and out of several times a day. also, i had a lot of my belongings in a storage unit because we were short on space. the unit was broken into and all my things were stolen. a house across the street went up in a huge inferno because the people were living in pack rat conditions. on july 4 the neighborhood is like a war zone because of all the m80s. we saved up and moved to a nice neighborhood that is much less diverse and have been much happier since. i tried to like it but it was horrible. i have nightmares about people breaking into my house now.
some homeless people are ok. my friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. they chose the life they lead. others were probably insane. many homeless are veterans with psychological issues. just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why i would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions.
i totally agree. poverty created by serious drug addictions is a lot different than traditionally poor neighborhoods. in the former situation, people are probably roaming around at 3 am because they are dying of withdrawal symptoms and would do anything just to get the money in your pocket. it's sad, but that puts you in a compromising decision. i know a lot of people who have been robbed because they tried to help with something they just couldn't.
i had a bit of the opposite experience - within a year of moving into a low-income section of a new city, i had my car ransacked, my laundry stolen from my apartment complex, and one of my windows smashed in by an angry homeless man while i was driving my car. i had never known this sense of violation and fear before. i'd like to think that i haven't developed paranoia, just better street smarts. all car valuables are well-hidden. i don't walk alone in certain areas anymore. i've got a gas-cap lock, a home motion detector, and pepper spray. i still believe in the goodness of the human spirit, but i've also learned that desperate circumstances drive people to be awful to each other.
could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? for the homeless or the homeowners? legal action like... foreclosure? divorce?
real talk, op doesn't live in the ghetto. listening to the media talk about ferguson, mo like it was compton was infuriating. if you think ferguson is ghetto than martin luther king and north garrison will make your hair stand up.
where i grew up the dude coming through the woods would rob you and the stray cat would have been killed either with boiling water or a pit bull.
i just read through all of this, an i can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome guys.
i found a genuine smile to be one of the most disarming things in the ghetto. as a white guy with an angry face, everyone always expected the worst from me. but if i flash a shit eating grin, i can get most people to smile. that said i also had the fun of moving into an area where i was the white guy who lived in the area. i don't think there was another white person for blocks. but the worst i would ever get is glared at, and only when i was out with my (black) wife. a lot of older black guys still have a real problem with interracial relationships, which was something i didn't realize before hand
i've lived in lower class neighborhoods my whole life. i've recently started a new job and moved to a middle-class suburb, and it's so much nicer here. no more being woken up at 3am by a gang of rowdy skangers coming home from the pub. no more wondering if i'm going to be mugged while walking through the nacker estate. the overall fitness, hygiene, attractiveness, and manners of everyone here is so much higher.
of course the locals aren't robbing/murdering you. you ever heard of the phrase "don't shit on your own doorstep"?
i fucking love that movie. it has an awesome soundtrack.
there is a lyric from the prince of egypt movie (wait wait...stay with me) that goes "when all you've got is nothing g,there's a lot to go around." i've always liked that lyric and i feel it is more or less true. there is a stark difference when hanging out with a bunch of "lower class" people vs. "upper class". it's so prevalent that there are plenty of hollywood movies that touch on this very idea.
that's awesome. that's what we're hoping for. right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. thankfully she doesn't even surgery. it's been as mild as i could have hoped for.
don't know about you, but every poor person i've ever met was poor.
a homeless person didn't "show up at his back door", they were walking through the woods.
honestly the difference between a "good neighborhood" and a "bad neighborhood" is less to do with income and more to do with how vigilant and willing people are when it comes to assisting catching lawbreakers. the neighborhoods people don't mind shooting people in broad daylight, they know they can do so with impunity because snitches get stitches in that area.
they're not puppies. if he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it.
homeless people showing up at my back door at 3am is exactly what i'd refer to as "the bad part of town".
a lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. it gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. i have been mistaken for indian, hispanic, and black, so i frequently feel the side eye.
as someone who adopted oakland as her home...nah, it's amazing here. i wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world. it's amazingly diverse, everyone smokes weed, and there's so much culture and creativity. also, not all parts of oakland are "bad". it is gentrifying rapidly, which is certainly cause for concern, but i absolutely love this city.
same. within 6 months 1. my car was robbed 3 times. 2. my apartment was robbed twice. 3. i had a knife pulled on me. 4. i had a gun pulled on me. 5. people tried to sell me xanax, dope, coke, crack, meth (outside my house) that being said, i still couldn't really give a fuck about any of it. i've got no problem going back to that area because i refuse to let the actions of a few garbage human beings control my life
but it's also true. there's loads of mean rich people, the same way there are rich poor people. i think it comes down to changing your personal circle, becoming someone else to only "better" yourself so that a circle of peers that you deem better than the one you are currently in accepts you. be it money or social status, some people are assholes, and will put others down to get ahead of other people.
i really hope there is some getting used to it. i'v been living in a predominantly upscale suburb for most of my upbringing and now i live in santa ana, ca. the local people seem to be okay but most most wear a mean mug, resting bitch face or stare me down as i smile at them. hopefully i'll get used to it, today is only day 4.
money won't make you happy but a lack of it will really suck ass.
ya.... i've lived in bad parts and ok and really good parts. what op describes is the ok parts that might be next to the bad parts. it is good that this is opening them up, but op might not want to look into other bad parts that might be worse :)
lmao holy shit you're crazy. i'd do it with an elevator... not stairs or a ladder.
yeah, all those stories are quite in keeping with the compton stereotypes i've learned via hollywood. i don't think we have it quite that bad in atlanta.
as someone who has been homeless wealthier neighborhoods are far more dangerous and your far more likely to lose your belongings due to legal actions than you are to get them stolen in a poor neighborhood. of course in wealthier neighborhoods the people that get violent tend to feel they are legally justified to do so, but the danger is still greater. the people in poor neighborhoods are far nicer people to each other and the homeless stranger. though i have had to distance myself from a few places due to theft of my bags of aluminum cans and other belongings, not even the druggies are really dangerous. the rare exceptions are easily identified. mexican neighborhoods, in my experience, are the absolute best in every way. even the kids come running over with cold drinks and asking all sorts of kid questions.
i get that you want to show us how the bad neighborhood isn't really that bad but you included a crack head literally forcing your door open and entering your home. whatever his intentions, that ain't normal. the totally innocent "oops, got the wrong house" doesn't include smashing open the door. i know that you and the crack heads are cool. but keep in mind that sometimes you're dealing with the drug, not the person. when drugs and addiction are involved, people do not always behave rationally or predictably. it doesn't make them bad people, of course. but be careful. "you can turn your back on a person. but never turn your back on a drug." - hst.
sometimes poor people are all other poor people got. also, totally dig the username. i just finished the new season myself. awesome.
there's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the us. i was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood i realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. black, hispanic, or indian. and my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. it's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. economic class is everything.
it's just perspective. i moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. in the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. it's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. everyone i talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. i think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. so i wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. though there are certain areas on the outskirts that i wouldn't want to go late at night.
i've always heard about the rough parts in cali like compton, etc, and i have always assumed the stereotypes are true. but i've got a friend who works for google and he's moving out to silicon valley to work for some new startup. made me wonder - are the rough parts of cali really that rough? or are they just poorer and less white than the extremely rich and gentrified surrounding areas? maybe i'd be singing a different tune if the neighborhood i'm living in were actually bad. maybe the residents of the atlanta area don't otherize one another as strictly as other, less integrated cities. people think that the south is full of racist rednecks, but if you're within 30 miles of atlanta then the only n word you hear a white person call someone is "neighbor," for the most part. i went to high school in a suburb of atlanta fifteen plus years ago. it was absolutely not cool to say racist shit. move thirty miles in any direction and racism is just a matter of course.
tree streets, around here. pine, elm, ceder, etc.
my daughter has a very very mild club foot. when she was born it was all twisted and on its side. broke my heart. we're extremely lucky that we have a shriners hospital here in town, not only that but we know a ton of the doctors there. her foot is getting better and on the fast track to being totally normal. however my point is, if you want or need to readjust your perspective go to children's hospital.
i'm not trying to describe the republican party. i'm trying to describe the actions of the elected republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal republican base tends to exhibit.
so, i'm not really living a neighborhood of absolute squalor. many of my neighbors may have subsidized housing and others might depend on social welfare programs. some of my neighbors smoke crack and others deal it on the side. but these aren't people that are on the verge of homelessness. some actually own their units. they might get the power or water cut off every other month, but they aren't about to be on the street. that probably makes all the difference.
is it not a problem that the homeless people keep coming back every night if you help them once? that's what i would find annoying.
so i have club feet, too. i just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. i had surgeries, i had the casts, and i had the special shoes. i barely remember all of that. as an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. heck, i barely remember myself! it only really comes up when i run too far or swim too much. and even then its only pain like what i imagine arthritis is like. heck, i even ran a half marathon! ...thought i'll never do that again!
it's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". i worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. there is constant crime, people are on the community fb page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, i mean it's insane.
i'm so glad you're doing better! i'm not at all a religious person but i have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community.
yup, that's the prejudice you'll likely face. and if you ever complain about being unfairly judged for your family wealth you can expect to hear very little sympathy. this is not fair. you might not ever live a life wherein you need worry about where your next meal is coming from. but wealth brings about all sorts of other problems that your average person never has to deal with, im sure. in the end, we are all just worm food. the struggle to live a good and useful life is not restricted to the non-wealthy.
i grew up in a bad neighborhood. i've always maintained that its not so bad as long as you know how to protect yourself and your things. things like leaving the tv or the radio on when you leave the house, staying alert while walking in the street while no looking scared; makes all the difference. to this day i never have more then 1 headphone in at a time. the worst thing to happen to me was a kid snatched my phone once. i chased him but fucker was fast and i had on heels.
thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. i see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst i think they're up to is smoking weed. that's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. we were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. lucky no one died.
perhaps. my next door neighbor sells weed. a couple weeks ago i answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. i told them they were looking for sha'niece next door. they thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "oh, i wouldn't, why did you even? what? no. don't worry." i replied. then i realized he only said that because i am white. it was the first time i was a victim of prejudice. i was pretty excited. it was just like when i got my first pimple. i was so stoked to oxycute it.
it has always been my assertion it's not a racial prejudice but a cultural prejudice that plagues humanity.
@altxatu: we just found out, around noon today, via sonogram, that our daughter (my first) might have a club foot. i haven't posted to reddit in years. but i'm writing now, with tears in my eyes, to thank you for your little story, lifting our broken hearts. god bless you!
the thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. you get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go.
the opposite was true for me sadly. :( when i moved to the "bad" neighborhood, i got my car broken into twice, my apartment door lock was forced once, and and i got robbed once someone came in through the window, all this in a two year span. i don't know how old you are, but it sounds very young and naive, i'm guessing you are in your 20s. even on the shittiest town on any western country, most of the people are good people. doesn't mean there are risks and dangers associated with living there.
yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. i think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here.
that's humbling to read. now you've got me blushing. what i said is simply the truth - as i see it. and i can easily and honestly reply that there are too few people like you in this world. take a moment to allow yourself to be self-indulgent and explore the truth in that statement and blush too. there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a pat on the back here and there. sometimes it's the only encouragement you'll ever receive to keep you moving forward. be kind to yourself. it sounds simple, but it's not.
regardless, i'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house.
i'm sorry but if there was a murder at a gas station it is dangerous. you should be a bit more careful. it may be fine to help the homeless but on your property at your house you're inviting trouble. you could get robbed or attacked or end up having your place be the new homeless shelter (unless that's what you want). yes, i agree most people who live in low-income housing shouldn't be judged poorly and may be great people. nevertheless, you should never fuck around with your safety, especially when there are murders in the area.
i know! i don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." the fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me.
as someone who has participated in the planning and tactical side of things, they have to have a plan. rushing a building full of civilians and getting in a call of duty style gun battle would make things infinitely worse. people won't just stay down, you'd have gun fire, people running for cover, running right through the line of fire, the gunman just starts blindly firing, things really go south. 3 hours seems forever, when you armchair qb it, but from initial call, to resolution is an acceptable span of time in my mind.
his parents weren't. media likes controversy, don't forget. next week is going to be really shitty for me -.-
the gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. they didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious.
i wonder what the police tactics were on this one? i hear the gunman took hostages and started executing. i'll be so pissed if it's a repeat of columbine where the police waited outside for hours while those kids were getting executed.
i strongly suspect this is an isis-fan terrorism attack. he probably had no actual ties to isis, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy.
i feel bad for all the nice people who get tangled up in this shit.
i would say he wasn't thinking of the other people. he wanted to keep the shooter away from him.
my brother was club hopping and was on his way there but stopped to get some food with friends, he was five minutes away before it happened but decided to go home instead. it's so fucking crazy how close some things are to being completely different, i'm so grateful.
an off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 am. two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff.
obama sounded tired, defeated and almost numb to this type of situation.
thanks. fwiw we do have "newsworthy" megathreads here time to time, hence the specific flair and purple coloring in the header. robin williams passing was our first "breaking news" megathread, with muhammad ali passing being the most recent. there's also a link in the sidebar allowing you to filter only breaking news stories (along with our other flairs like "serious" and "modposts").
as an american who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. i am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in paris.
"hey man, i know this looks bad but you'll be fine. you just gotta keep your head up."
it breaks my heart that pride month will always have this bleak reminder of how much more we have to fight for. this was a vile homophobic act by a maniac. my heart goes out to the families and friends of those who were murdered, and everyone involved. i hope they find peace amongst the pain.
so like a homing beacon of badassitude and honor. for real, whenever shit hits the fan, standing near brown people with cool hats always seems to be the wise choice.
it's now officially the worst shooting in us history. :(
i'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. you see a lot of shit in 8 years as prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck"
russia got a lot of shit for the (likely) carfentanil / remifentanil gas used in the moscow theater hostage crisis of ~~2012~~ 2002. the gas itself was probably responsible for the deaths of many hostages, but a coordinated response team with naltrexone / medics with bag masks, especially in a young, relatively healthy population (not the food / water deprived hostages in the moscow theater), could become a viable strategy, especially if the assumption is going to be that hostages will die anyway.
can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. i mean when i get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that i think it might be. but as president of the united states oh my god could be anything.
i'm not even trying to be insensitive. as a gay man, this is terrifying to me. it's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend.
should we random acts of pizza the blood donation centers?
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. shame.
unfortunately, it's looks like swat waited outside for over 3 hours while he executed everyone inside. they said it was a hostage situation while people inside were sending out texts that he was rounding up and killing everyone.
according to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. i'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence.
i'm sure amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea
how do you claim your isis mega-reward when you're dead?
i assume the families didn't have to pay the tickets right?
the shooting at pulse is devastating. two of my friend's family members were there and thankfully got out (one of them was shot, but will be ok). if you are in the orlando area, please consider donating blood. they are in desperate need of o positive, o negative, and ab plasma blood donors.
mods started nuking everything once fbi confirmed he was muslim.
throwing out the baby with the bathwater. gays, guns, muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm.
well that was officially the most reluctant upvote i've ever given.
we could always order stuff from amazon prime now for them. get them what they need.
the shooter's father has apparently said that he had become angry after seeing two guys kiss in miami. so yeah, seems like he hates gays and this was a hate killing.
this is something i had never even considered and it gives me chills to think about it
my best friend lives right around the corner from pulse and spent the night hiding in her closet because she was hearing gunfire but didn't know where it was coming from or what was going on. i can't even imagine how terrifying it must have been for everyone there.
i feel like there really is no "right" thing to do in that situation, especially given the fact that you would be in save my ass mode. i don't how i feel about it, but i can definately see rationale.
cookies come to mind. and if you're in the area, you can make those! my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this.
seriously, i first saw this on facebook after being on reddit for 30 minutes. that's never happened before.
i'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism.
sadly, we know too well what you're going through.
they weren't at first. the story was on the front page when it started to come out but as soon as they found out who the shooter was they started censoring the hell out of everything.
i live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, i'm glad your friend is safe.
i think i will. prime now can deliver in 2 hours. even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials. this can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly.
i think the team at orlando regional medical center deserve some recognition here. my hat goes off to anyone working there during the time this tragic event was occurring, especially the nurses and surgeons. it takes a lot of gut to be able to keep cool and perform your duties on people so frightened, while under the stress of knowing that people have already died as a result of the event. stay strong everyone.
it's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency.
was reading about this about 2 hours ago, went to do other things, my friend told me the death toll is up to 50 now, went back on reddit to read about it and had to keep scrolling down and down and down...
i agree 100% r/news is now dead. worst censorship scandal ever.
my guess is that they delete any comment mentioning islam. only a guess, though. can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments.
please make sure your friend knows that there are *many, many* americans -- including in places where he might least expect to find them -- who understand that not all muslims subscribe to the isis interpretation of islam in the same way there are many christians who do not subscribe to the beliefs of those so-called christians who would discriminate against the lgbtq community.
that is a *great* recommendation that i never would have thought of.
i love how the character in the graphic is standing there awkwardly like 'so....yeah'
i'm glad you're safe. something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... i couldn't even imagine.
news said a police officer opened fire on him as he was going into the club at around 3am, they didn't go in after him until 5am because he had hostages. meanwhile accounts are coming out from inside saying during this time he was lining people up killing them anyways. 2 hours wasted while people still being killed.
probably is. how many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? gotta get disheartening
not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. if you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks.
i live about 45 minutes from orlando and have sooooo many friends who frequent this nightclub. i am praying right now. not sure if any of them were there during this, but such a horrible moment...
still unable to locate my friend. i've called the hotline set up and had a friend drive to the hamptons inn where family center is set up and they are still not releasing any information at this time. i've called orlando regional and other hospitals and i get nothing.
while it's too early to tell, i'd lean towards that was part of their mo last night.
angry about two guys kissing in miami? you may as well get angry about the sun shining in miami. what a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch.
i'm sad to say the death toll in this one is probably not finished. the trauma surgeon at ormc said he expects to see that number climb throughout the day; many of the victims transported to the hospital were in very critical condition.
"honestly, if i were two-faced, would i be showing you this one?" - abraham lincoln in response to an accusation by stephen douglas
so i imagine that obama will give a televised speech about this shooting some time today? it would make sense since this shooting is now (unfortunately) historic in its death toll.
he honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. it's something i really admire about him. especially when he spoke about sandy hook, i felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president.
it seems as though every time this event comes up on reddit, i learn of a new thing to bring me to tears, but somehow this did me in worse than anything ever has. the thought of being a firefighter, and knowing what that sound is, standing there and hearing so many of them, and you're totally helpless. i just cannot imagine what that must have felt like.
people will say "you can't blame them." but i am totally blaming them.
thanks for your kindness. we need to stick together.
god that is awful. i'm glad you and your friend are okay. what happened today was terrible, i hope we can one day live in a world where these kinds of tragedies don't occur. i definitely can't relate the kind of fear the victims and their loved ones must have felt, but i hope they can get through this.
for real. i was talking to a sikh guy in my area once, and he told me that sikhs wear turbans and keep small knives (kirpans) as an indicator to those around them that the sikhs are there to help those in need.
for anyone who is in florida and was considering donating blood or plasma, come back on tuesday to your local blood drives since they have already reached the need volume for today. so come back on tuesday when the next round is needed.
correct, i believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time.
apparently he pledged to isis just before this. also, ramadan just started, and isil leaders are proclaiming mega-rewards to anyone who does acts like these during this time.
did [edited to remove name], that dumb fucking son of a bitch, not understand that this is going to make people at large *more* sympathetic to homosexuals and *less* sympathetic to muslims? it's not even the horrific, utterly senseless loss of life, it's that even from his perspective, his actions will have the complete opposite effect of what he set out to do in the longer run. he wasn't just an evil fucking idiot, he was an *incompetent* evil fucking idiot. my sympathies go out to everyone affected by such a horrible tragedy. love yourself and each other.
if you didn't, i sent off a couple emails to amazon linking your comment with the urging that they at least research the possibility of implementing this. i hope you have as well, i feel we aren't the only people who would help.
donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on.
i can see they're actively removing threads for it...
people think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates. when lincoln and douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both.
to be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, i'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake
i literally live 300 feet from the club. went out of town for the weekend to visit my family and woke up to this madness. it's insane.
i remember reading a similar description after the paris attacks, i think. it's inevitable in this age of communication ease & social media and it's so sad how many of those calls and messages will never get an answer.
holy shit. that's so incredibly fucked up of them.
target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in south downtown did the same.
this is incredibly sad. this is the deadliest us mass shooting since virginia tech.
i think it's because he feels so powerless. this is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. he has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. he knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't.
i lived in a commuter town in new jersey for most of my life. after the 9/11 attacks, there were several cars that stayed in the parking lots at the local train station. their tires would get more chalk marks every day as the parking attendants noted their time not moving. tickets would accumulate in the windows. and eventually it became clear that the people who owned those cars weren't ever coming home again. they'd get towed, or claimed by family members or next of kin. eventually, they'd all gone. and i'm not sure which was worse, seeing them there, or seeing the empty lots after.
my girlfriends parents (seniors) heard about this before i saw it on reddit.
i dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated.
yea i can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases.
i heard that since incidences like columbine, the strategy is to rush the shooter(s) with swat asap rather than playing it out.
california pizza kitchen was handing out stacks of personal pizzas to people waiting in line at waterford lakes when i was waiting to donate.
disney world sort of is. they've got an entire land mass bought out, which holds all four parks, security, transportation, emergency response (police/fire/medical), and even water/power facilities.
i don't understand. why are the mods censoring? like, what are they gaining from it? thanks
terrifying and devastating. if you're a member of the lbgt community in central florida, from ocala to tampa to titusville, you've been to pulse at least once. to us this didn't just happen in our backyard, it happened in our living room.
the turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a sikh. so that everyone who see can see that said person is a skih.
well i feel like out of all of the presidents lincoln had more reason than any to look that way.
i live 500 meters from the concert hall called "bataclan" in paris. so i kind of been there. lost friends, got friends badly hurt. i have nothing smart to say. this is absolute horror. i stand with you from paris as you guys were with us when we got hurt. fuck those murderers. love will prevail. damn this is so sad. sorry for not making sense.
it really, really sucks. as someone who has personally lost friends (both muslim and non-muslim) to extremists, to see so many people blame our entire population hurts a lot.
they deserve overwhelming recognition. they were also operating under reports that there might be another shooter or possibly explosives at the hospital itself. i'll piggyback your statement and say orlando fire deserves a lot of credit too. i stayed up listening to their scanner channel and they (as calm as they could) organized triage stations and mobile treatment sites. command was trying to organize all their available emergency rigs and at some point they were throwing victims in police pick up trucks. it was pretty horrifying hearing drivers ask what hospital they could bring victims to as ormc was overcapacity and only accepting red tag trauma alerts.
for some reason, that i can't even explain, when i heard that the orlando mayor declared a state of emergency it really sunk in. it's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. from the things i read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live. it's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy.
these are very hard to read through, i get lost halfway through each page and the graphics are confusing.
fbi seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack
this comment brought tears to my eyes. i'm sorry you had to experience such horrific terror in your lifetime.
that is actually a genius idea. you should submit it to them. no joke. the only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. but i'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this.
i think that lincoln comparison is more to do with camera quality than his own aging. i mean, he did age but the overexposure and poor focus are clearly doing him some favors in the first image and are nonexistent in the second.
amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like red cross and blood donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them.
as someone who witnessed the 26/11 shootings in india, i know what shooting at a crowd in a cramped space feels like. this is the saddest thing i've read today, i stand with with you from mumbai, lots of love.
yes! not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood.
on facebook someone posted a video of a health care worker reading the patients they received through out all of orlando. unfortunately my friend frank is not on that list. my heart is heavy. thank you reddit for your kind words.
every seat in the house of representatives is up for re-election, though
very bad. presidential cabinet positions exist to advise the president. trump did not allow her to see the executive order before issuing it.
they can be struck down by lower federal courts and not just the supreme court. eos don't have nearly the power of laws and can't involve the appropriations of money.
because the government is composed of its subscribers and its editor. that, and infowars perhaps.
more desperately than ever, we need you president underwood.
the same folks who were complaining about obama using eos now want all eos followed to the very letter! the same folks who cry about "activist judges" want a wholly compliant ag willing to burn the constitution. hypocrites. all of them.
as someone who doesn't know what the attorney general does, is this bad?
he's from virginia and was involved with the sentencing of our corrupt republican governor (mcdonnell - "indicted on federal corruption charges for receiving improper gifts and loans from a virginia businessman"). boente stated "no one is above the law... not a high public official, not even the highest public official in [virginia]." interesting pick.
so he appointed someone who under the obama administration set a record for deporting people?
really is. it's like watching a slow train wreck. but the real enemy are the voters who elected this man. they should not be let off the hook.
especially how texas voted in the presidential election, it shows how much people really didn't like trump. and that number is only increasing in parts around the state
yes, but back then the country wasn't nearly as hyper-partisan as it is today. we have people that believe trump when he lies and there's proof on tape or photograph, why would they care if he eliminates everyone who shows a hint of backbone? and in fact, they may see it as a positive sign more of him "draining the swamp."
isn't that a reference to his order on federal regulations for businesses? because i saw a thread on that and didn't fully grasp it. what are federal regulations? how can he legally follow one and disregard two?
it mostly depends on how well trump polls and how closely those senators identify with trump. if he pisses everyone off, and those senators have records of supporting the decisions that pissed everyone off, they could lose their own primary to a challenger from the right who is anti-trump, and then the new person could lose to a dem, or the new person takes over and becomes a trump-dissident on the right. it's unlikely, but it can definitely happen. texas is probably the most likely, depending on how it goes down, because texas has really large liberal blocks in the cities.
the purge has begun. how many more of our best and brightest will lose their jobs now?
ssshh. don't tell the_donald. obama was already deporting more people with criminal records than previous presidents.
executive orders are not laws. only the legislative branch has the power to write laws.
i've always thought it was like mr. burns hiring homer simpson as the nuclear safety inspector. burns knows that since homer knows absolutely nothing about nuclear safety he won't have to pay for any of the costly safety precautions that would otherwise have come up had a competent person been given the job.
he also didn't show his new head of dhs. we thought there was a problem with transparency before? now even the people in charge of enforcing shit are out of the loop.
"doctor, is it cancer?" "aladeen...... i mean, donald "
soon any and all voices of reason will be replaced by yes men. then, presumably, he starts nuking everything.
presumably because he suspected she would react as she did, and didn't want to fire her preemptively.
lol just didn't want that to be the focus of my post. people will tunnel on any little point they disagree with, just to avoid discussing the overall argument.
"you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake, well this could be it sweetheart."
her being fired isn't the takeaway here; her position was temporary and her dismissal inevitable. what should scare the crap out of everyone regardless of your political views is that we're barely 10 days into someone's presidency and we're getting official press releases that sound like a supervillain from 1950s superman comics is delivering them.
it was a leading factor resulting in nixon's resignation though so maybe something positive might come out of this as well.
is it time to start getting a little scared? i mean i'm a white dude and this shit is a little concerning.
the thing that worries me is if we eventually become numb to trumps antics. we all need to be mindful about resting and not binging on information. unplug for a while and don't burn out. we all need to be politically engaged these next 4 years. i'm saying this mostly to myself but i imagine others will agree.
i have this theory that trump will be a kind of societal vaccination - all the trappings of a dictator without any of the competence or discipline to be good at it. usa gets fired up, liberals and conservatives come together, sing kumbayah, and good reigns in the end. or we're screwed...
as of today, "yes" and "no" will be replaced by "donald"
any time you see a simple adjective used twice in the same sentence, or the word "very," odds are trump wrote it. not saying it's bad writing, it's just completely counter to the style used in most pr/political writing.
watching that video, i'm not sure he sounds all that different, actually. i think he was just better at sticking to his talking points.
or because he didnt know he was supposed to because he has no idea how government works. that's the funnier option i guess. and not unlikely.
i can't get over him appointing rick perry. my mind can't wrap around how it could possibly be true. it's just ridiculous to appoint him to that position it's like an snl sketch.
it seems like the entirety of his presidency, length yet undetermined, will be conducted with the same level of insanity as the last week of nixon's tenure.
we should be hearing directly from him, in all his idiocy.
what's terrifying is what he actually thought it would be. i mean to give him credit... if he thought the department was just for marketing oil interests, i can see why he thought it was a waste of money and should be shut down.
until they are struck down by the supreme court, for all practical purposes in people's lives, they are laws.
the statement is almost comical. it really sounds like something written by an angry child. unfortunately, it's really scary that that he's surrounding himself with yes men and those who opposed him in the government were in the minority to begin with.
jesus that's scary when you put it that way. if the country were ever actually in *real* crisis, we could be just a step away from a modern nazi germany.. -people like to hark on the godwin's law, "oh there they go again comparing to literal nazis"; that's the thing, the nazis weren't fictional boogymen dreamt up that no group could possibly live up to, they were *real*. nazi germany was something that actually happened, something that arose from a nation of normal everyday people like you or i. we owe it to ourselves to keep remembering nazi germany, simply so we can remember the sheer capabilities of human nature.
jesus. this is really happening to america isn't it?
wiki changes fast with news, those sections won't be reliable for a few days at least.
not only that, he was a man who didn't even know what the department *did* when he wanted to defund it.
may? aw man. isn't it usually in february? better call saul got pushed back to april too. what am i going to watch (*has 200 shows and movies in netflix and prime queues*)
don't forget about ben carson, a surgeon, for urban development.
yeah i've been freaked by this and my dad just went into a long ramble about the saturday night massacre. i guess i can see it.
she's been fired for upholding the law in defiance of the leader. classic authoritarian move.
obama used eos because of an obstructionist republican congress. trump has the votes in congress and still uses eos.
dana boente is now acting attorney general, hes an obama appointee but apparently he'll defend the ban.
that whole volunteer mars mission where you'd have to leave earth and never be able to return is actually looking pretty awesome right now.
the muslims were bait. now trump has an excuse to replace people who don't agree with him.
there aren't many republican seats in the senate up for reelection that year.
being politically ignorant, i had to look up 'us attorney general' on wikipedia to find out what it means. the article currently says: "the office is currently held by groper-in-chief stooge dana boente, who cowardly assumed the office after the groper fired acting attorney general sally yates for courageously refusing to enforce or defend the groper's unconstitutional, racist muslim ban" that can't be right, can it? i also noticed that dana j. boente hyperlink leads to the wikipedia article for 'anus', and jeff sessions redirects to the fictional marvel character 'red skull'. it's all beyond me, but i thought people may be interested.
yeah, clearly jeff sessions is megatron, not red skull.
don't worry, they'll find a way to victimize themselves one way or another.
nah, megatron's views on race were pretty progressive.
dude it's going to suck in may. this is reality now. this is the new normal.
though after everything we've seen thus far, what makes anyone think trump will leave power peacefully? whether it be through losing in 2020, conviction by impeachment, or even pence and the cabinet utilizing section 4 of the 25th a., have we any evidence that trump & co. will respect those processes and abandon the office?
cheney did it for money. i'm not sure what bannon wants.
why wouldn't he show her? if she is supposed to help advise him, then why hide something like an executive order from her and then fire her?
very smart politics by sally yates. now she is a hero to the left, has 30 years experience and will be running for congress or the senate in 2 years mark my words.
had seen a documentary a few years ago about how political figures who use simple sentence structures end up being seen as more charismatic... and get more votes. i've actually taken that idea on board in my profession (nothing to do with politics) always trying to "dumb down" what i say and write. must say i have seen positive results.
same. barely touched any game for the past few weeks. i'm too fucking tilted and distracted to even have fun anymore. and when i tried again today, i went on a massive loss streak. i feel like i'm wasting my time on games when the country is actively being tramped on.
i'm 30. i was smarter when i was 16. the real world dumbs you down like you wouldn't believe.
alex jones has finally exposed himself as the "controlled opposition" many accused him of over the years. the dude is literally making up news now about how trump's approval ratings are higher than they were 1 week ago, and how everything main stream media is saying are all lies. alex jones is going all fucking in on trump. he's no longer a conspiracy nut, he's a propaganda mouthpiece for trump.
you know it's bad when a 16 year old dumbass on the internet writes more eloquently than the potus.
drain the swamp! then dig it deeper and refill it.
trump's style is very distinct. someone tried to convince me his long mlk day post was written by him when it so clearly wasn't..
if someone really drained a swamp, they would be removing mostly water. the muck, mud, and rot would be left in the swamp. so i guess he's making good on that promise.
has it really been 10 days? i guess time flies when you're...terrified for the future of humanity.
and it tells us he was furious. so furious that he insisted this exact statement be released and wouldn't leave it to his staff.
plot twist: he says tomorrow he won't defend the ban either and gets fired as well.
so i take it that anyone who disagrees with him gets the boot? people who don't fall in line are immediately dismissed and promptly fired... that should scare the shit out of everyone. republican, democrat, doesn't matter. a president should be willing to listen to all of his advisors regardless of what side they are on... he's acting like a true business man and surrounding himself with yes men.
 i'm becoming more and more convinced that you guys are seriously fucked at this point. i'm really worried for you, neighbors. actually, i'm worried for the entire global community. if the us implodes you're going to take the rest of us down with you. -canadian
concentration camps, nah we prefer the term 'focus fairgrounds'. who doesn't love a fair?
probably a good thing house of cards doesn't start until may. if it aired tomorrow it'll probably suck compared to real life.
i'm not sure that trump got the memo that this isn't a tv show
first they came for the... highest positions in federal government???
i'm honestly having a hard time playing video games right now. there is a tremor in the force... something... is happening.
well there it is. we now have a name for getting suicided.
trump doesn't like the word "no" so he's removing anyone who says it.
trumps on a straight path to being impeached. my theory is, is that this is what the gop wants. they'll let him go crazy, get impeached, and then pence will be in office. after trumps craziness everyone won't both the gop too much with their laws because they won't be as crazy as trumps. it's the perfect bamboozle, just a theory though.
reminds me of that old family guy episode where lois just repeats 9/11 to become the mayor of quahog
i've noticed the same thing, normally i'd be balls deep in the overwatch event, cods 2xp week, or grinding it out in destiny. barely done any of that the last 10 days. there's dickery afoot in america.
so you are saying pence is actually palpatine and we just need a patsy jar-jar to call a vote of no confidence to remove trump and the sith will control the senate.
exactly. a trump supporters i'm friends with on facebook lauded this act and trump's executive orders as the beginning of a revolution.... (in a positive sense)
this is tremendously true. people get tremendously wrapped up in the tremendous way trump speaks. they just don't understand how tremendously the man trys to be a tremendous speaker. tremendous tremendous tremendous.
2 years actually if people get out and vote for senate and house elections in 2018.
this season of the apprentice is pretty dramatic.
trump will never resign voluntary. even if they impeach him, i imagine they'll have to drag him out of the white house kicking and screaming.
who cares about the law of the land, and those enforce it? lets just write a law and see what happens.
i left a post of mine open to the public recently and you wouldn't believe the kind of things i'm hearing from trump supporters about "liberal biased news."
wouldn't that be something. all these twists and turns it's like we are living in a political drama on prime time tv.
it's honestly the most worrying part of these last ten days for me.
he had already fired (forced to resign) most of the state department.
dads. not just good for jokes anymore, but also apparently stories about nixon.
you're spot on. it's a pretty quick jump from "betrayal" to "treason" and i'm starting to worry about this administration's growing tendency to offer urban dictionary style alternatives to commonplace definitions.
i was thinking about this for a while last night. he can do this for four years. there is nothing to stop him. it is so fucked.
hey, just in case you haven't seen the rest of the world (literally every continent including two separate protests on antarctica) is with you. toronto and london (and i'm sure others) had protests outside embassies and consulates. this is your fight, but you've got a friend in like....a few billion people around the world. let us know and we'll help.
that is because texas does not really want the wall.
and exit when he tossed the assholes to the curb at the end of the scene.
my last work review essentially told me that i was confusing clients by trying to explain why i was recommending this or that test for their pet. so essentially i got reprimanded for not treating people like idiots. the sad part is that my boss was right. when i act super interested in them as a person and smile a lot and use (to me condescending) language - they love me and don't question a thing. when i try to actually explain the science behind what i'm recommending, well.... they don't love me nearly as much.
i took my civics classes at betsy devoss' bible study and summer school camp. the kool-aid was delicious.
absol-fricken-lutely. actually, the president we really need right now is arnie vinnick. bartlett is great. but vinnick would be able to get shit done.
my first political memory is watergate and the resignation. you aren't wrong here at all.
my god, the comments. so much dumb in so little words
my phd advisor reminds me of trump to a t. the same blustering self-importance, the same speaking style, the same irrational anger and inability to control his words. the same bullying and harassment and need to control (it got bad enough that the university had to intervene to "protect me" from him...and i wasn't the first student in that position with him). and now i can add another thing to the list. my guy also used to be a much more compelling and eloquent communicator. his early research is great, but over the years the quality degraded so much as to be unpublishable (unless it's in the journal he edits, of course). if he wants something to be accepted for publication now, a grad student has to write it.
be very afraid when words like "betrayed" are being used. not far from 3am knocks on your door...
honestly, even when obama made an order that was being obstructed by congress et al, i didn't see anyone wanting complete and utter loyalty to the president, rather that they wished there were less republicans in control to obstruct what obama wanted. i feel as if trump supporters have this ill-informed notion of what exactly liberals as a whole were complaining about and are using that view as a means of "getting their turn", despite the majority of liberals never even wanting a turn.
actually they came for the muslims first, then the government employees who stood up for them.
the house is up for grabs, but there is a near-zero chance of democrats taking back the senate in 2018. to just tie, they would have to keep all of their current seats, and get *both* nevada and arizona. to get a majority, they'll also need one of the following: * mississippi, * nebraska, * tennessee, * texas, * utah, or * wyoming. the incumbents in each of those seats won their last election by more than 15%.
seriously guys, just think of the rest of the world that can't do anything but watch. please fight for us.
who the fuck wants to watch house of cards right now? honestly... i was planning to actually watch that show this year...i feel bad for all the people who worked on it because i might never see it now.
so i take it your dad realized it was not actually a scam?
saw him a couple years ago. his voice is fine. it's odd, because when he talks he sounds like an old man, but when he sings it's only a little bit scratchier than it used to be.
i love billy joel for shit like this...he's still just a dude, a good dude. he didn't set out to be a rock star, he was a college kid with a garage band playing some gigs, then playing opening act for other groups, then people were coming specifically to see the opening act instead of the main act. his career just snowballed into something he didn't plan on, and he seems to have mostly retained his normal dudeship through it all...lots of respect for the dude. edit : fucked up auto correct words
i wish warriors games were like this... only the super rich sit up front and the tickets are so expensive you only see true warriors fans at the viewing parties
a few years ago my aunt had a similar experience, she bought cheap tickets, and she along with her group of young attractive females were given the front row tickets. when they got to their new seats they noticed the front rows were filled with the same demographic. i was hoping to see a comment like this when i read the headline because i was really surprised when she told me the story.
my wife and i saw him and elton john for their face 2 face series. our seats where behind and above the stage because they were cheaper. weird but totally worth it. their pianos spun so when billy joel's spun to see us, he stopped singing and said, "i bet you didn't think these seats would be that good. *wink* "
there are no tickets for the snake pit. they just choose random lucky fans, instead of rich people :)
or you don't go to many concerts. i saw neil diamond last night in detroit and we were 21 rose back for $180 a seat
$45 for a cover band?! i don't even pay that for bands i like. damn.
i bought two tickets to a rockies game the other day online and was charged $6 per ticket for shipping. for e-tickets.
we went to see billy joel and elton john for my dad's birthday as a family like 15 years ago. we had terrible upper deck seats, but we got there super early and were approached by someone who offered to trade us for literal front row tickets. seemed too good to be true and my dad accused them of running a scam. i was an apathetic teenager, felt too cool to be there, but that won me over. one of the most memorable nights of my life.
this is basically how it works in all aspects of life, minus the no rich people part.
they were probably starting to wonder why you were standing back there.
coldplay often does something similar, or at least they did on the viva la vida tour
yup, anyone who has been to a billy joel concert knows it's not "random fans" sitting up front screaming, it's hot women.
so rich people who always get their way don't get the best seats. beautiful people who always get their way do instead. this situation seems slightly less inspiring than it did at first.
billy joel could easily get 300 at a large venue.
i got one of these tickets on new year's eve 1990. my friend and i knew about this tradition and looked for the guys distributing the tickets before the show (we were in the upper deck at the nassau coliseum with my friend's family and some friends). we finally saw them, approached and begged politely for two tickets. we were told they only had two tickets left and they wanted to save them for a couple. without hesitation, my friend and i put our arms around each other's and said, in unison, "we're gay." sat front row center on new year's eve. got a high five from billy before souvenir. great night.
metallica has done this, too. went to one concert and was literally in the very top row. a guy asked if i wanted closer tickets and handed me a pair in the second row
really? cause i've seen him get $1000000000 at even small venues
i'm from long island so i'm required by law to tithe 10% of my income to lord joel. i'm glad to do it.
you weren't kidding, this is some hanna-barbera cartoon level bouffanting.
puffing on a cigar with a spot of dense chest hair peeking from an armani polo
as a frame of reference, i wanted to go to a rhcp concert this year. all available tickets (for the general public) were sold out while i was still at work. the tickets were then being resold for around $300 each. that's when i decided i didn't want to go to their concert.
just serious dumb luck. paul mccartney actually upgraded the girls i was at his concert with and they reluctantly upgraded me and the other male. elton john, well, he might've requested males to be upgraded the front of the stage.
the old, "it's been 10 minutes and i don't feel anything, fuck it let's eat the other two" no regrets
yes, but just how do they determine who is worthy of these front row seats?
did you hear this at a craig finn/hold steady gig? i recently learned of this too, as it was a story finn told between songs.
same, am also from central nj, where the delicious pork product is called pork roll *and* taylor ham.
if your on long island you have a big chance of seeing him for free or cheap. he likes showing up randomly to billy joel tribute bands playing on long island. i also had this happen to me for aerosmith. my wife and i got moved to front row while eating in our paid for seats like an hour before the concert.
33 checking in, i grew up in a house where the piano man album was played daily. billy joel rates as one of my favourite ever gigs, up there with rammstein as far as pure passion is concerned. my mates still have a giggle if he pops up on my spotify account or they hear me singing uptown girl while i hang out the washing, but fuck them. billy joel is the shit.
wow, that's a really interesting story that i'm going to remember. of course he's doing his own thing and following his own less-popular interests, but that he shared it with the crowd is really telling.
the tonight show with jay leno -- they went into the line and pulled pretty girls from it to sit in the front row. i was with my cousin (both female), we weren't mad though, i mean those girls were a lot younger than we were. get it while you can.
i got front row seats at coldplay like this. we were walking around the arena and someone came up to us with a few questions about coldplay, so we answered them and he said, "okay you've just been upgraded. here are your new tickets, best seats in the house" and then he walked us down to our seats. it was so great. then coldplay decided to pick up and move across the arena halfway through the set, so we were back row again for a few songs, but they came back.
live events is my profession. you get there when doors open. me and 30 other guys got to the venue at 6am and have been busting ass for 10hours. people need to get paid.
as someone who just saw a cover band event called "piano man: a billy joel and elton john tribute" selling seats for $35-45 at a crap venue, i'd say that's true. this isn't even billy joel or elton john. just a tribute band playing at a one off venue in far west suburban chicago (aurora).
jeez is 1.5 hours out living in a different city still considered suburban chicago?
i went to a kid rock concert where he wouldn't sell tickets for over $20 and made the venue offer $3 busch light cans. i love kid rock.
are we just saying bigger and bigger numbers? i heard he could get $10000 at a larger venue.
true story: my mother went to one of billy joel's concerts and was approached by i guess somebody who was important at the venue and said, "we'd like to move you up to the front row." when my mother asked why she was told that "billy joel likes to see the front row filled with attractive blondes."
this this similar to the law of springsteen along the jersey shore?
pearl jam did this. they played most of their show with me behind them and then decided to turn it around for a song or two.
like the place long island? thats fun :) oh why do you say on long island rather than in?
i've been upgraded from nose bleeds to second row at both paul mccartney and elton john concerts so i'm guessing a few of the older musicians do this.
anyone want a front row seat to a billy joel concert? i've got a primo one right up the back, only $1000.
i went to one of his concerts last year and i do remember seeing on the jumbotron younger women in the front. i was wondering how these women who looked like they were of the age to be dealing with the serious student loan debt were up front for such an expensive ticket.
i've never seen paul mccartney in concert but i've seen ringo in concert and he was amazing. i can't imagine what it must've been like to see all 4 beatles at once.
try being from central nj, i have to dish out for both.
it's a concert at a major venue. he would play at msg monthly. yes, that's cheap
you sexy beast you. i'm ashamed to say i've never seen sir paul myself. assuming you saw him recently, is his voice still there? that always seems to be the first thing to go when musicians get older.
he just likes hot poor chicks. don't make him out to be anything more than a downtown man.
i'll send you it as a printable pdf, just $5 e-ticket fee
they don't stand up, make noise, sit there with their bouffant haired girlfriend lookin' like a big shot. *you had to be a big shot dincha you had to open up your mouth..*
well, i went downtown ridin' in my '09 toyota camry in my on sale jc penny clothes
one hundred million dollars to whoever gets me to the front row.
not sure about his first wife, but his second wife never sat in the front row, those tickets cost an arm and a leg, and she just couldn't afford to lose another.
this was before digital photography really took off. i'm sure i have some photos back home - but nothing handy where i live now. it was at the carrier dome in 2001. hard to believe that was 16+ years ago. feels like a lifetime.
i wonder if you see the really bad seats sell faster than the mediocre ones.
*rigorously bouffanting* edit. one of my highest, if not the highest upvoted comments is about bouffants in a billy joel thread. what is my life right now. *sighs bouffantingly*
shit i saw billy joel last month. wasn't expensive but wasn't cheap... worth way more than we paid.. he lies.. i'd pay 10x what we paid to see him again.
i saw the face 2 face tour as well. before the show started i was approached by a member of the crew. my friend and i were given a special pass, it was sticky green fabric, and led to a backstage area. when the lights came up, we were on the wings of the stage, not 20 feet from elton and billy. we got to meet them both during and after the show, and it was hands down one of the coolest experiences of my life. we watched the whole show from the stage.
my dad used to see him at the drugstore in huntington all the time. said he'd just say hey billy and hed say hey, was always down to earth and a nice guy. a few years ago, he saw him sitting at a restaurant bar, all by himself, looking disheveled and barely recognizable, and completely wasted. he got his driver to come around and pick him up. i hope he's doing better now. my parents used to play his music on the record player when we were young. another fun story, the house he lived in w christie brinkley was about ten minutes from where my cousins grew up in cold spring harbor. his house sat on a bend in the road and one of my cousin's friends took the corner too hard and hydroplaned through the fence in billy joel's backyard. christie brinkley came running out to see if he was ok. said he thought he died and went to heaven. (i don't know if this is actually true, but it's the story i've been told for years.)
i would do unspeakable things for second row at paul mccartney. i have lawn seats in july and i'll still have a blast i'm sure.
hi ears with feet. i saw 5 billion amos concerts back in the day. met her, went to her meet and greets, the whole bit. never got front rowed. she was always great with her fans though. she didn't even like to call them fans. there were a lot of familiar faces in line when you went to shows in those days. a lot of us went more than once kind of like deadheads. which of her bodyguards was it?
can confirm. i know an attractive blonde who got front rowed at one of his concerts.
09 and pennys? damn, you are rich. i have '02 avalon and i'm wearing a swimsuit from a local convenience store.
did you have to watch the whole concert to get the $40 or could you leave halfway through?
thanks for doing that. i'm a musician and y'all get shat on way too much.
lol that's an amazing burn. but in all serious i thought the show was absolutely incredible. i had no idea what to expect. no opening act. no music, nothing. kanye appeared on a small floating stage suspended by chains, about 20' x 20'. it moved all over the venue, effectively making every row the front row for part of the show. he was rocking so hard and singing his heart out it looked like he was trying to break himself apart with the music. truly was a moving performance.
i like the fact that you got quizzed about coldplay. depending on the questions it can really show who the real fans are. do you remember if they were opinion questions or trivia questions?
yeah, a concert before people started screaming through the whole thing. so much charisma in one spot!
random question but are you and your friend good looking? my friend and her boyfriend went and saw paul mccartney a few years ago and it was the same deal. nosebleed tickets, brought to the front of the show. she told me everyone they brought up (male and female) were suspiciously attractive.
ah c'mon. you'd rather look down from the stage and see someone really enjoying themselves rather than a bunch of sourpusses.
he said he would do an ama for 30 min. that looks like 30 min of answering questions.
i have an 11 year old and a 13 year old child. i currently pay more for them to go to private school for one year than i paid for my entire master's degree. what can you do to heal our very broken public school system (which i want to love)? what can i expect for them when they go to college in a few short years?
i read this, and immediately got a knock on the door. shit myself. found myself eating pizza 2 minutes later.
let's skip the marijuana legalization question that'll show up at least 50 times on this page and get to a related issue: after promising that you wouldn't interfere with individual state decisions on medical use of cannabis, how can you justify utilizing federal funds and agencies to shut down dispensaries and arrest people who are legitimately sick?
is there anything going to be done about the current state of student loans?
win or lose, i'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices.
ladies and gentlemen: the president of the united states of america referencing his meme. good night and god bless.
as a girl about to finish my aerospace engineering degree- please? i promise to spend my life creating the first black hole probe... you know you're curious too.
i'm a total grammar nazi. my favorite joke: knock, knock... who's there? to... to, who? to whom...
as a member of the non-us free world. did my vote get lost in the post?
if you had the ability to automatically enact or repeal only one law without congressional approval, what would you choose and why?
next on fox news: does barack obama neglect his duty as a president, spending his time playing golf in this economic state? stay tuned.
what is the plan for gitmo bay? and for marijuana legislation?
what was the most difficult decision that you had to make during this term?
i was very surprised by this as well! but i bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it...
til roseanne barr and a dude named merlin are both running for president.
it's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that i'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. the big advantage i have is that i live above the store - so i have no commute! so we make sure that when i'm in dc i never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if i have to go back down to the oval for work later in the evening. i do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. speaking of balance, though, i need to get going so i'm back in dc in time for dinner. but i want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. and remember to vote in november - if you need to know how to register, go to gottaregister.com. by the way, if you want to know what i think about this whole reddit experience - not bad!
it's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for obama because he'd never do one.
i'm surprised the username presidentobama was even available. or is the man powerful enough to just take it over anyway? i'd hate to see the leader of the free world reduced to taking a username like therealpresidentobama or potus69 or xx_barackobama_xx or something.
9 minutes and already 200+ comments. good luck, obama. you're going to need it.
so honoured that the president of the united states has responded to a question i asked him.
tell me about it. i haven't gone a day without thinking about it and i have been home for almost three years now.
he should count his blessings. i'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus.
ahaha... i can just see you telling everyone you know tonight "i corrected the president on his grammar today."
if you had to select one non-politician to be the next president, who would be your pick?
"- not bad!" it was at this point, reddit ejaculated in glorious unison.
respectfully, mr. president, this is a non-answer. we've seen over the years what an economic boost having a robust space program can be -- not only does it create jobs, it inspires and gives the country focus on a positive and meaningful goal. the current budget for nasa is a pittance - think what could be done with double, or triple that amount? **frankly, we need another apollo moment, mr. president -- let's plan to get a man on mars by the end of the decade, and show the world that america is the most scientifically advanced and capable nation in the world, and can achieve what it sets out to do.**
you must have enormous balls to admit you do illegal drugs on the one thread that the fbi is definitely monitoring.
president obama, why didn't you close guantanamo bay as you promised you would?
not to mention the site issues. it still took me a while to get to this post hours after it was supposed to have finished.
making sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration is a big priority for my administration. the passing of neil armstrong this week is a reminder of the inspiration and wonder that our space program has provided in the past; the curiosity probe on mars is a reminder of what remains to be discovered. the key is to make sure that we invest in cutting edge research that can take us to the next level - so even as we continue work with the international space station, we are focused on a potential mission to a asteroid as a prelude to a manned mars flight.
what is the first thing you'll do on november 7th, win or lose?
what are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term?
a riveting story... i laughed, i cried, i came. 10/10
if the president says it's a asteroid, it's a asteroid.
i won't believe this unless he takes a picture with a shoe on his head.
would you rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or 1 horse-sized duck?
my question is this: why would you sign the ndaa when it included language that would allow the indefinite detention of americans without due process. i understand that this was the de facto case for awhile. now it's law. this passed by overwhelming bi-partisan support, despite being hated by most citizens. it feels like the government, including the executive branch, no longer work for the citizens that elect them. (by the way, i fully supported your first campaign, but i'm now disillusioned and disappointed.)
if obama made a "nobody cares apostolate" post, i would retire from reddit, realizing that nothing would ever top seeing that.
a grammar nazi's greatest dream... *"an... mr. president... an.."*
it's been stated that your favorite television show is the wire. how do you think the war on drugs has affected america, and would you work to end it?
how in the fuck was presidentobama not already taken?
it's a shame he didn't answer. i'd have liked to see the response.
mr. president, can you stop the nhl lockout? please? **please????**
good luck with an answer for this one. so far the obama administration has skirted this conversation at every turn. it's really the biggest flip-flop obama has committed as president.
i'll take that as "poppin bottles of cristale like it's 1969"
of course this goes unanswered. that really infuriates me. why does everyone in government just avoid this? is there some secret reason they keep it illegal? god dammit that pisses me off to no end.
i'm still waiting for learning cursive to pay off.
the president must be so nervous right now...he just got a comment from shitty_watercolour.
internet freedom is something i know you all care passionately about; i do too. we will fight hard to make sure that the internet remains the open forum for everybody - from those who are expressing an idea to those to want to start a business. and although there will be occasional disagreements on the details of various legislative proposals, i won't stray from that principle - and it will be reflected in the platform.
i was wondering if somehow they gave his username priority access, or whether potus had to hit refresh. "these servers... are getting hammered!"
i'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking reddit.
i'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post...
this is the best grammar nazi-ing he will ever get in his life. correcting the sitting president of the united states. let him live the dream.
why aren't you more actively fighting rnc voter suppression?
mr. president, do you feel that there is a problem with the "revolving door" of congressmen and prominent lobbyists? for an example, i'd point to former senator dodd, now the chief lobbyist for the mpaa. is there anything to be done about it?
let's just be thankful the guy that corrected him didn't have a screenname like i_rape_cats
a lot of us are worried about copyright law. sopa, acta, tpp... and the actions against megaupload. mainly because these laws are excessive and limit rights. what is your stance on that?
that's it. shows over folks. all the grammar nazis can go home now. forever.
"omgomgomgomgomg!!! the shitty_watercolour!" -leader of the free world
this too. this thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. honestly, it's amazing that the president managed to get through enough to post what he did.
thank you for showing the president of the united states how classy us redditors can be.
how do you balance family life and hobbies with, well, being the potus?
that's good. some bus drivers in france did the same thing. they came wearing pencil skirts.
i got my only ever detention from doing something similar in high school. we got a new vice principal and he tried to flex his authority by coming up with a bunch of new, stupid rules. he typed up a bunch of bulletins and posters about them and hung them all over the school. the problem was that this guy was a fucking moron who couldn't write for his life. these things had spelling and grammar errors galore. so one day during study hall i snuck out of the classroom and, with a red sharpie, corrected every damn one of those stupid posters. he called me into his office later that day after looking back at the security camera footage to see who did it. he tried reaming me out, but i just told him, "your posters are an embarrassment to this school. i don't want people who come here thinking that your idiocy represents the rest of us."
the same way they force boys to shave their beards. i love having a goatee but my principal saw it after vacation and told me to shave it off
yeah...if we could go ahead and extend the same courtesy to business attire, that would be great. women can wear formal attire that is sleeveless and/or has a skirt. men must wear button-down shirts and trousers. i'd like the opportunity to adjust my attire also.
good for them! i graduated 17 years ago (holy shit do i feel old typing that) and we had several instances of boys wearing very short skirts when admin cracked down on the dress code for girls. it was hilarious. the dress code said nothing about skirt length on boys, nor did it say anything about boys not being allowed to wear skirts. they got away with it, because it technically didn't violate the dress code. several of us also wore homemade togas and wild outfits that conformed to the standards, which pissed them off, but they couldn't do anything about it. we had our own crack "legal" team who made it their business to research student rights and keep admin in check when they made a new stupid rule, which they did pretty regularly. as a mom and soon to be full time teacher, i fully support kids who want to challenge the rules and push the limits like this. we need to raise people to think outside the box and push back against rules that are made just for the sake of making them.
i can almost guarantee that the school administration was probably on the kids side but either the diocese or the pastor of the church were the ones being sticklers and they're ultimately the real authority since it's their schools. happens a lot in catholic schools, pretty liberal teachers and admins are handcuffed by senile archaic geriatrics in robes. the church needs a new influx of normal nice priests in america badly
that's business formal in bermuda, it began with the royal navy getting permission to cut off their pants at the knee because it was too damn hot.
it's very liberating to be able to think "man, i really don't want to put pants on today," and then just wear a skirt or an even lazier option of a dress instead.
we always talked about doing this but never did. good for them. fight the power, boys, there's more to be fought.
implying it was ever out of style, you even see the odd guy in berwick rocking them and that's south of the border.
ah. britain. i'm assuming no a/c in the school building too? as a girl in texas, i always wore pants to school because the shorts would either be too short (finger-length?) or too long to be fashionable. but, at the very least, all the schools were air conditioned.
where are these kids. i just see a bunch of random wee scotsmen.
what about the girls who are distracting the gay and bisexual girls? i say ban the children.
i bought this in a muggle shop. muggles wear them!
my middle school did this also but with dresses because girls were allowed to wear dresses but guys weren't allowed shorts; it actually worked surprisingly and the next year the whole school district got rid of the rule.
this is truly genius nobody, as far as i know, has more than two legs. most people have two. but because some people have lost a leg or both, the average is less than two. i am finally above average at something. holy shit i have an above average number of arms
if by cop you mean a guy who is about to retire then yes. my high school had about 90% female teachers. if two football players started a fight there was not shit they could do to stop it safely. so the local pd assigned an officer there to assist if that happens. most of the time he was on his phone.
we wear them because we expect people to wear them. ties are a social construct
if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
god forbid a male should allow his face to do something that comes naturally.
can't have students defying authority without punishment
we had the same thing at my elementary school. you had to buy their branded jackets, which were flimsy single-layer wool jumpers, and you weren't allowed to wear any other jacket over it. so you had some kids buying the xxl version and wearing it over their normal winter coats. i'm _sure_ that made us all look like fine intelligent youths to passersby. way to go, school policy.
last week in nyc my sister saw a older woman staring long and hard at a man who had painted his toenails bright pink. after a couple of long moments she reached out to him and said, "i'm so sorry, but where did you get that nail polish?" turns out he had made it himself!
then you know what you have to do. grab a nice dress, some open toed shoes and have at'er. get some co-workers to have a dress day.
in a major metropolitan area, most people _don't_ care. there's a hell of a lot more to worry about in life than the clothes other people wear.
as a nova scotian, kilt wearing is not only acceptable, it will put you at the top of the social ladder at any gathering
as a country that's national weather is drizzle we get very upset when it gets too cold or too hot. we don't get a lot of snow so that causes us to panic, drive like idiots and close schools. when it get's too hot our buildings are just not designed to deal with it. most places don't have ac and are designed to keep the heat in not out. also it has been fairly humid (50%-80% humidity) which means it is harder to cool down even with a fan on.
i want this so bad, but at the same time.. i'm not gonna be the one leading the charge.
it will because it's expected now by people with tech experience. if these companies want to keep talent, they'll stick with the lax dress code rules
agree, i've been seeing so many comments for a while from guys saying they wish they could wear more colourful/patterned clothes like women, that they had more choices beyond which shirt and which trousers, and they wish they could wear dresses for comfort. i really do think this could be a major cultural change in the next 5 years, maybe less. the demand is there.
we were only allowed to wear tights under our skirts, no pants allowed. but we're also in the south, so it was the same here, didn't get that cold that often. still sucked when it did though.
one of the perks of younger industries like tech is that the old dress codes have gone by the way side. i wear shorts every day!
it'd be funny if they put shorts back in but the skirts are so comfortable that they just keep them.
what's this history you speak of? e: til trousers were an age restrict sort of right of passage
trust me, priests are usually pretty laid back about that kind of stuff. it's the parish councils and people in lay positions who are the real psychos.
can confirm, was a "troublemaker" in grade school this is 100% just some administrator fumbling for reasons that might convince this kid to stop what he's doing. i mean yea i was a little bastard here and there, but mostly i just didn't agree with the reasons adults gave me for making me do what i viewed as stupid shit.
i wore shorts will knee socks for my senior year. got kicked out of class but luckily the vp was old fashioned and knew the history of boys wearing shorts + knee socks decades ago. stood out but much less sweaty. 10/10 would knee sock again
"he had been told on wednesday the skirt was too short and his legs too hairy. some of the boys had taken this into account and bought razors to shave their legs. " i love this so much.
that was my immediate reaction, but on further thought dress codes often have restrictions on facial hair. i suppose that is very similar.
seriously. in the south of the us, this policy is fucking insane. when temps reach 90, the humidity making it feel like 110 and you have to wear pants. fuck that noise. of course, i haven't been in school for over 11 years, so the policy may have changed. point still stands though.
it's a sad day when boys are told they can't wear shorts b/c it's too distracting for the girls. like can girls keep their genitals in their pants and sex drive to themselves. it's irritating to think that boys are being discriminated against by forcing them to wear a certain dress code to accommodate the girls in the class. what a sad world we live in.
the tie is a bit much. why the hell do we still wear those ridiculous things?
i wore shorts to school once, in violation of dress code, with a note from the nurse. riding lawn mower gives the sun the perfect angle to **burn**.
at my catholic k-8th school the girls protested not being able to wear pants to school during winter when it was cold. they had to wear skirts. which is obviously ridiculous given the weather... so one week they all came in with pants on and got detention... the school changed their dumb policy.
being a critical thinker made life difficult at school/with parents. logic is thrown out the window sometimes
wait, what? you mean that the us has permanent police officers posted at schools? that's sad man...
welcome to every summers day in australia. blazer long sleeve shirt tie and long pants in winter when its still 26-30 degrees. at least all classrooms have dodgy fans.....
because they make the neckline neat. it's the area you're mostly likely to have people look at, as they're looking at your face; and so you utilize a collar/tie to clean up the lines and frame your head.
uk is having its hottest summer since 1976, the schools are normally closed when the uk gets to the hottest in august for summer holidays so the current temperatures are fairly unusual.
i'm a dude that occasionally wears skirts. they are very, very comfortable. no constrictions on your legs or your junk. nice and cool and airy. in the heat you keep cool, and if it's a bit on the cold side you actually stay a bit warm from the heat distribution. and honestly, the whooosh! of the skirt as you move is kind of bad ass, like a cape. you should try one.
as a kid, you didn't know better, but as an adult looking back, would you have called the police on her for theft? i would have.
on tuesday i wore shorts, the first male in our office to do so since i have worked here (7 years). yesterday i did it again and one of my colleagues followed suit. it is not covered in our dress code but as no one mentioned it if the temperature rises again i expect even more will follow suit so you are right, just do it.
just do it mate. i do. its fucking liberating having a cool breeze caress your knackers while you're out and about.
to make sure us dirty wage-earners aren't stealing shit. (source: i work at a factory)
my highschool once tried to take my cellphone (i wasn't using it in class, i was in the hallway between class). my mom spent about five minutes lecturing the principal on personal property laws. then one day they tried to make me change shirts because it had "smell my face" from a local talk radio show i listened to. my mother informed them that if they called her again because they had confiscated something from me and she had to pick it up, she was going to have her lawyer shove a book so far up their asses that they could pass the bar. we didn't have a lawyer. my mom just worked a lot and didn't have time to come to school over silly matters.
i had a teacher confiscate a portable cd player(yes i just dated myself) and headphones i was listening to while walking to my next class. she told me it was against the rules and that i could pick it up in the office after school. wouldn't you know it when i went to get it she told me it had been stolen and i shouldn't have brought it in the first place. i know that bitch took it home.
makes me wonder when it will become socially-acceptable to wear shorts for office work. here i am at my desk in atlanta, wearing long pants in late june... (it's rainy today so it's not so bad, but it's fucking miserable when its sunny.)
i don't know what it's like in finland but in sweden very few of my peers ever sat through a whole class focused on the material. someone who's not invested in what's going on is going to find something to distract themselves with, chatting with mates, ogling girls or something else. but as usual schools would rather treat the symptoms than the cause.
if you live in a metropolitan area i'm pretty sure nobody cares these days. go for it bro
you can only pull off a utilikilt if you're not wearing a shirt and you're ripped, which means you can pull off any outfit.
i would totally do this, if i was still in school and had legs.
also, code monkey do not code well when they are hot.
people care they're just not allowed to say anything
i've never seen a school with shaved legs as a requirement, sounds like they were grasping for any reason to tell him off
aussie? cause i am and 30c seems like a cool day for summer, long pants, blazer and tie done easy.
and if you have good legs, they're actually very flattering. the dudes in utilikilts get all the pussy at my city's local celtic festival every year.
i'm not sure the article ever states what "our utmost" actually entails. my guess is absolutely nothing, or like, offering cool water.
have you never watched any sort of historical drama? this is the defacto outfit of a young boy on like every historical tv show ever.
right? skirts are great and everyone should be able to wear them tbh.
huge difference. there is literally no schools in the south without air conditioning. in the uk, air conditioning is not common in schools.
the argument in most british schools is that uniform is a leveller. poor children will not be bullied for not having expensive clothes if everyone has to wear the same thing. in senior schools, what often goes unmentioned is that it's supposed to stop boys being distracted by girls in short, tight clothing, which is why school uniform fetishes are definitely not a thing.
maybe give a second look but thats about it. assuming you don't literally mean a skirt of course. a sarong is quite normal (in my culture, not my city) so maybe i'm biased.
i'm not sure my high school principal would have kept her job if she had told a girl her legs were too hairy for a skirt.
i remember in my high school the boys weren't allowed to wear sleeveless shirts of any kind because they 'd be too distracting to the girls.
yeah, my husband and i were out in some heat and humidity the other day, and i was wearing this billowing sleeveless crepe dress (i'm pregnant and it was all i could handle) and he said he really wished they made summer outfits like that for men. i also had an ex who was very into the idea of kilts (which were coming up at the time with a handful of stores.) i think it's a major potential market if the fashion marketing folks can pitch it delicately enough that guys don't feel like it would emasculate them.
the main reason it was implemented at my school was to prevent gang colors being worn. i'm sure some slutty outfits also contributed. to counter your individuality point, poorer students fit in more as noone can wear designer clothes etc. uniforms are generally cheaper than normal clothes too, a lot of local places had special deals. everyone had the same code, khakis and a polo shirt, shorts ok during the summer. i didn't and still don't like uniforms, but they do have pros.
it's more like a faux dick, the bigger tie you have the more respected you will be
so there's no need to worry. let it silently eat their heads while you relax in the heat.
on the contrary, exeter is one of the most southern parts of england, whereas scotland is north of england. you can't get much farther from kilt country, in england, than they are.
an appropriately crass response to such a question i've heard is "lipstick".
the supplier of these coats were probably kicking back a staff party or other petty corruption to keep the teachers personally invested/committed to such a thing. no staff is going to care about such ridiculousness unless their is some petty corruption going on.
"dude i got a call from my little bro in jr high saying he was in trouble and had gotten suspend, for what you ask? someone stole his shoes out his locker because he didnt lock it right. yes someone, not my brother, stole his shoes and he got in trouble because he didn't lock it right... i literally asked the principle if he was serious, and said alright we'll see what my mom thinks about this. boy i bet you coulda heard her car from a mile coming. yea he didn't get in trouble and i bet that fucker was scared." from another response, moms aint nothing to fuck with. p.s. your moms a badass hahaha
at my job (factory), security would routinely inspect men's duffel bags, backpacks etc. when a male employee asked why they never searched women's purses, he was told those are personal and wouldn't be searched. later that week, the same employee wore a skirt to work and a woman's top and carried a purse. when they tried to kick him out for "causing a disruption" they couldn't, as he technically wasn't breaking any rules. he just wanted to point out the double standard. best part was, he asked a couple women from the shop to go to the store to pick out the outfit he was going to wear to work :d they loved the idea.
my husband's mom was an or nurse. he ditched class in high school and was caught. the principal asked my husband which parent to call about it, so he said definitely call my dad, do not call my mom. principal took that as a cue to call mom. my husband had to wait a while for the phone conversation to move past the "no, i'm with the school and i need to speak to [husband]'s mother. it's important." but eventually the principal had my mil on the phone. my husband said he could hear his mom yell at the principal through the phone that she had to be dragged out of a surgery to hear about this bullshit, and that her kid had better be dead if they are going to bother her again. no further calls were ever made about my husband or his sister again.
we had a lot of evidence how people react to the quick change of norms with the release of the male rompers. plenty of women were also against the idea of men in them, specifically. i think it is kind of hilarious that you can wear a kilt and it's quirky, but it better be obvious it's a kilt and not a skirt or else.
me walking outside in the 90's as a teenager was easy enough since each leg of my jeans was twice the size of the waist.
my school had nuns as teachers and principals (not all but most). soooo ya....
by pouring their derisions on everything we did. exposing every weakness however carefully hidden by the kid.
i went to a catholic school where girls had to wear skirts all year long. boys could wear pants in the winter and shorts in the summer, but girls were only allowed skirts. it was miserable in the winter!
year 2067; yet another group of boys protest the 'no shorts' policy. the schools are baffled on how to stop this. i swear to god this is a thing every year, just in a different part of england. if girls have the choice of trousers and skirts, then shorts should not be a problem as an alternative to trousers during summer.
yeah, in any church - catholic or not - lay clergy are the worst. so many twits who think religion can only be done properly with judgmental, damaging attitudes.
i live in georgia (usa) and my workplace makes men wear pants and closed-toes shoes but the women can wear dresses/skirts and open-toes shoes. summer here is hotter'n hell and i cycle to work. that's some bull right there!
what. no coats?! as a canadian that is shocking. who's to say whether or not a child/teenager can wear a coat?! how does that even make sense?! who makes up these rules?!?! although, that being said, at the high school i used to go to they recently stopped allowing students to wear backpacks to class. you were allowed to wear one to and from school and store it in your locker, but you weren't allowed to take one to class because they were deemed to be a hazard. this meant that students had to carry around all their binders, books, change of clothes for pe, lunch, etc. which the students did not take lightly. girls weren't even allowed purses so in protest they started carrying around boxes of tampons to class to make a statement.
sometimes the people silently judging you are the people that decide whether or not you get a raise and a bonus at the end of the year
step 1: get the women at the factory to steal stuff for you. step 2: ?????? step 3: profit
what was the stated purpose of inspecting anyone's shit at a factory?
as long as you keep your legs closed on the bus i'm pretty sure nobody cares about anything beyond their phone screen.
yeah if i saw a guy in a skirt i'd say "yo, that guy is wearing a skirt." and move on with my life.
but now they know if a large enough percentage of students protest together they can bring about change
there have been many civil rights protests that brought about change in the past 70 years. many people were arrested over them.
school policies can be the most bafflingly illogical things in the world. i'm reaching the end of my gcses and at the beginning we were told that study leave would not begin until the second last week of exams which makes little to no sense. on top of that, the time we spent during lessons would not be used to prep for the day's upcoming exams. instead we had to revise for whatever subject we were currently in. then the school cut down on the 40 minutes lunch we had before an afternoon exam to 20 minutes due to 40 minutes being "too long". this is in spite of the fact that if we followed the school's doctrine on revision then that 40 minutes would be all the time we were given to prep for that afternoon exam.
weird. at my school the girls all just wore sweatpants under their skirts on particularly cold days. but i'm in the south so it wasn't that often
my school had 2 armed police officers. i think they brought in dogs at least twice a year while i was there
at first i thought you meant "dodgers fans" and couldn't figure out how that was relevant
rompers are awful on anyone past the diaper stage because all anyone can think when they look at them is that the wearer is going to have to strip down completely to go to the bathroom.
well, i don't think you can treat the cause here really.. nor do we try to in sweden either. it's pretty futile.
get a ultila-kilt. they are dope as shit. pockets and hoops for your gear. usually manly looking colors and styles. i love mine and i wear it during hot summer days when i'm working outside.
exactly. if you're good at what you do, and what you do is important, you don't need to dress up like a waiter.
i used to work at a startup and there were days when we were asked to just look a little more dressed up like if we were having a big wig come by for meetings. even then though, the most the guys would do was wear darker jeans and a tie with their button up shirt. i don't think we ever had anyone show up in a suit.
except for dress code violations in the office. although, my workplace had a shorts day yesterday and a cookout.
by making comments about their hairy legs, isn't the school proving the dress code is social/cultural based? and not logic/fairness based. ------------------------------------- **edit**: to (the many) people replying "well durr", my point was if the school want to enforce the boys being less comfortable than the girls in high heat they have to come up with something rational/explainable. not just "hurr durr boys don't wear skirts and shorts don't look professional enough". it's both unfair, and a particularly poor example to set at a school. what lesson are they teaching the children if they won't budge on this issue? that authority figures are incapable of rational compromise, and should be ignored?
i never got the part where students' attire is distracting. here in finland it's completely normal for girls to wear yoga pants, and jean shorts are popular with both genders. teens are going to ogle each other no matter what they wear.
god, this is so annoying for work too. it's hot as balls and i have to wear trousers where all the female staff are wearing skirts. ask manager why can't men wear shorts ...and her answer was because your men. that's not a reason...
when any kind of institution says "we're doing our best" it's basically the equivalent of "our thoughts and prayers are with the victims". thanks for fucking nothing.
there's metal detectors on the way into some us schools.
i'm not saying they should have a/c. i'm just trying to also point out that the school is most likely very hot on the inside. a/c is standard in texas (and in a lot of states in the u.s.).
i swear that schools do this just so kids can get practice in public protest.
came to the office naked yesterday. that's how it becomes socially acceptable. anyone hiring?
is he a younger teacher? some of the younger teachers i had immediately started trying to connect without establishing positions and from then on they struggled with getting the proper respect. sounds like your friend knows how it be, and how it do.
that's actually nice that the girls had a choice. in my neighborhood some of the catholic school girls would wear sweat pants under their skirts on the walk to school and then take the pants off once they got there.
in my school girls had to do a trouser protest in the 90s to get the option of trousers. glad boys are getting their say too hopefully we can change super strict dress codes. one year my school got funny about kids wearing coats in winter because they made the school look scruffy. didn't last long after a protest
at my catholic school the girls were allowed to wear pants or shorts instead of the skirts in the winter or summer but most chose to just go with the skirts.
personally, i hope males being able to wear skirts and dresses catches on and becomes a normal option. down here in south florida it's so muggy for 8 months out of the year that it would be a welcome relief.
boys used to wear shorts and knee socks. incidentally, "boys in shorts and knee socks" feels like something i should probably not have in my search history.
there are totally classrooms without air conditioning in the south. the portable classrooms that all the poor overcrowded elementary schools used were constantly having their shitty portable ac units break, and they never got fixed.
it's good that they are taking a stand against inequality between boys and girls at their school. boys have a right to be comfortable in the heat too.
they didn't admit they were wrong, they just didn't want to go through the trouble. hard to enforce a rule no one follows.
i'm sure you could find some. most people have an above-average number of legs anyways.
can confirm- i wore a kilt once for halloween and i've never been so sexually harassed by women in all my life.
my teacher friends does it like this: he is really strict at the begining absolutely no leeway is given. then when they accept him as authority he tries to connect withthem on a personal level so they want to do what he says. he said that worked wonders for him and i have no doubt as he manages the worst classes in his schools.
just do it bro. thats how it becomes socially acceptable. when you don't give a fuck.
"what are you wearing under your kilt?" is a line i heard all the time when my brother owned a kilt.
maybe the boys should ask the girls not to shave their legs for a while, just to see what happens.
well lucky for me my parents were the ones who taught me to question things so they could only be so annoyed by my shenanigans
if an adult confiscated my child's coat in the middle of winter, i would be at the school anyway, and on a warpath.
yeah, texan checking in here. 86 is fuckin *niceeeeee*.
i think so too because they let go of the rule pretty much immediately after as if waiting for someone to point out there stupid rule.
that's understandable. my son's last day of school here in texas was june 1. he goes back august 28. it's still above 30 c though during that time. on the other end of the spectrum, texas schools close if ice/snow is on the ground.
when we grew up and went to school, there were certain teacher who'd hurt the children in anyway they could
