he does frequently apologize for his weak pronounciation though. 
if it can't be seen or inferred through relations then what makes it true in any sense? what makes it different from a lie? 
no he doesn't,he makes it clear his pronounciations are bad. surprising that jonardhan didn't give him some pointers. 
that guy's pronunciation is pretty awful for someone who's supposed to be knowledeable. like he keeps pronouncing kshatriya as ka-sha instead of ksha. such an egregious mistake, just kind of grating to hear. 
it's going through examples of strategies to gain knowledge (or at least ways of examining the possibility of gaining knowledge). the first two methods as you mentioned are 1) only paying attention to things that are present and around you or 2) examining things as they come without making judgements about them. the first of the other two methods is to only examine things that are in stasis 'stay the same' as opposed to usual methods of examining things in flux 'that are changing'. the second is to examine a things 'causal connections' to other things rather than any specific attribute of the thing itself. by causal connections it mean the way it effects other objects or concepts, what it causes to happen. 
treebeard once said: "things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." but that's also what my old roommate would say after a bong rip.. 
we are one and many. each is all, part and whole. 
i don't know what biblical scholars you talk to, but there are 7 plants the rabbis have identified as possibly being the tree of good and evil. 
i don't mind the weaknesses, it's the egregious mispronunciation. like the word i mentioned above; the actual pronunciation is completely different. 
i've never actually read marx, so i wouldn't quite know. but after reading the wikipedia entry for "alienation of labor," it is a bit similar. although quinn really only addresses economics and societal organization as outcroppings of culture and even then, he's much more focused on the "cultural" aspect of things. he argues that one cannot change an economic or societal system without a cultural shift. however, shift culture, and economics and society will change on their own. 
thanks, straight to point and perfectly "indentation", as in "following the same structure" as the original text, and also my question. got it! 
and i would ask, since i have yet to hear a responce. what safeguards are in play by those who employ this mindset to determine if a path is legitimate or not? is hindsight the only tool a follower of this perspective has to determine an idea's worth? 
what did your buddy snorting the rails of cocaine use to say? ;) 
i've been both buddies before. the answer is that there are 3 you's. past you, present you, future you. you must forgive and thank past you. present you can sacrifice to help out future you. pack the bowl... 
funny enough, i am reading a book about the history of homo sapiens these days. the author claims that humankind basically became agrarian through accident and mistake, because the early humans could not see how bad the agrarian deal was. basically, having plenty of food at our disposal sounds good from a biological perspective (easier survival!). but it's gambling of the highest order, if a crop fails entire populations starve. also, with increased food supply the population also booms, so basically it's an eternal race to catch-up, plant more grains, population booms again etc.. 
right. so then, when a person comes to you and asks "i want to learn to be confident", then they are asking you what tangible, observable things that they can do in order to develop a sense of confidence. i think that the "observable" part might be where the confusion lies: a feeling of confidence is observable *to the person who experiences the feeling*. but not anyone else. they can look at that persons actions and judge whether or not they seem confident, but cannot observe the persons emotions directly. like i've said though, just because its not something you can do, doesn't make it any less observable. the person performing the act will be able to judge whether or not the strategy they have developed has increased their sense of confidence, and that makes anything that they have done to gain that a skill. it just doesn't seem like it from an outside perspective. 
if you think critically about the question, you can see that a person isn't actually asking to learn how to confidence, but what things they can do to achieve confidence. those things, taken together, are a skill. all you've presented is a semantic argument. 
using the example "iwtl how to not feel anxiety in social situations", this is a broad and generic skill, and without a much more refined question it cannot bear any real help. a better question would be "iwtl anxiety management techniques" or "iwtl scientific methods to manage anxiety." the broad question can be approached this way, but a more refined question fits this sub better and will more likely yield results for the poster, as these questions ask for a specific skill. 
just because you only know of the one way to do it doesn't make it less of a skill... 
because ideas grow better when you let them cross-germinate in different fields. 
this is built into reddit already, in the form of upvotes and reply chains. the top level comments tend to be general advice, and the discussion can continue for more personalized advice. posts that are more accessible get upvoted, and those that aren't get downvoted. 
well, no. i didn't advocate anything. these are in related veins. they're in a family of fields relating to self improvement (building hard skills, building soft skills, increasing productivity, diminishing waste, etc). i personally am advocating that related fields (and occasionally fields that have absolutely no relation) can be of service to each other. 
people are starting to see the "soft skills" posts as a nuisance in this sub. while it is true that social skills, mental clarity, general self help, etc... can be learned and are technically allowed to be posted, there is no denying that these skills are flooding the sub. this is where the discussion becomes subjective because personally, and i know many would agree, i joined this sub to learn interesting "concrete skills." hobbies or skills that involve physical action and produce tangible results. now many here like the soft skills posts. they wouldn't be upvoted if that were false. the problem is that they become very broad and ambiguous. with a flood of posts that all carry these traits, there is going to be repetition. all-in-all i get it, we all need help with social or emotional situations sometimes, but for fucks sake, i joined this sub to learn how to lay brick, basic yoga moves, and make my own ice cream" 
just because you can become more [insert adjective here] doesn't mean [insert noun of adjective here] is necessarily a skill. you can't practice the same thing over and over again until you get good at it with a lot of personality traits. there's no "hey, can we do that conversation again?" in real life. and for confidence, really the only other way to be "more confident" is to level up your other skills so you have something to be confident in, but then you still need to get over your social anxiety to show it off. and that still requires you to suck it up and do it ala "fake it till you make it". 
thats an excellent personal criteria for judging whether or not you vote and comment on a post, but it doesn't work as well when it's a general rule. 
but what you are describing is a demeanour, not a skill. time management, riding a bike, etc. these can all be qualified as skills. happiness, confidence, affection, etc. these are feelings and demeanours. 
i'd agree, but i do see an awful lot of these sorts of posts. and, honestly, the advice given won't do jack shit to help. all you can tell them is simplistic tips they could learn online in half a second of searching "how to get self confidence." you can't teach somebody how to overcome anxiety over a text post - it requires an intimate knowledge of the person, something only therapy can help with. 
but you're advocating placing them all in the same pot... there are no "different fields" when everything is in the same field. that's what categorization is for. you need different fields if you are to cross them 
i've edited my comment. confidence is still not a skill. 
2014 new years resolution project: *get fucking laid* step one: *improve social skills with women* 
if we're arguing about whether or not something is a skill, that *is* a semantic argument. 
i think you might not have considered that posts like this generate a lot of discussion from those with an opinion large enough to comment. what if this was a mod post? would you not be more inclined to agree? this is a rare sight here. i don't care if fickle jumpers drop us just for this. 
i see your point, but what you're referring to is more of a phrasing than the question itself. for example, when i read the op, i disagreed because iwtl is iwtl, not iwtl a specific skill. unfortunately, wanting people to prase things a certain way is really fruitless. if everyone could ask questions about certain things in a clear, concise way that would yield the best results, we'd all be sitting around holding hands and singing kumbaya. 
yes, and i am stating that you have not presented anything other than that semantic argument. do you have any objections to the ideas themselves? 
very true, but i personally feel that if i'm going to bother someone with a question i should at least take the time to phrase it and work on it a little bit. i know, it isn't going to catch on, but i'll keep trying. 
hence, we need better defined guidelines so that people know which posts to upvote. 
yeah, you're right. still annoys me but that's just my thing that i have to deal with. 
the only way to be confident is to act confident and hope it eventually sticks. i'm not a very confident person and introverted to boot, though fairly sociable. there are a ton of people who think i'm an extrovert based solely on baseless bravado that i throw off as confidence. to be confident, you only need to fake it till you make it. 
the argument i objected to outright is that *confidence is a skill.* i never objected to the notion that there are skills the foster confidence. the problem there, however, is that arguably any and all skills performed with sufficient proficiency will foster confidence. if i'm a good cook, i'm confident in my cooking ability. if i'm good at communicating, i'm confident in social situations. if i'm in good shape, i'm confident in my appearance. i think that the whole reason why i take issue with confidence as skill is because confidence is the product of skill, not a skill unto itself. so, even looking at the issue through your lens of skills that foster confidence, it's too broad a target to be meaningfully applied in a forum catering toward specific skill development. 
i've heard that, my question was which is better to learn (especially if you want to get into app development)? 
if you're interested in making an jrpg type game you could pickup rpgmaker on steam which works off of ruby language. it's probably on sale right now even. 
but i haven't met an accountant that i'd happy with their life. high pay, no play. at least in nyc. 
i tried to open up the japanese course on dl last week. it didn't load. :/ 
japanese on duolingo is supposedly very bad and at times, incorrect. just as a warning. duolingo isn't the greatest language learning resource. it's okay for more basic languages. 
hate to bombard you with questions, but...is it possible to make simple rpg/jrpg games with javascript? also, does codeacademy teach java script? 
specialization is valued in our economy. if computer programming is your thing then go ahead. if its not, then do something else. 
java is mainly used for website backend development, enterprise applications and android apps. javascript is used for literally everything but mobile apps. i would recommend you to start with java. it is considered to be a very verbose language but in my opinion it's good as a first language because it introduces you to object oriented programming and as you progress, design patterns. 
i think you could say that 10-20 years ago. now it's increasingly clear that a massive amount of jobs will be gone soon, to be replaced on some level of computer programming/machine learning. basically we are all becoming cyborgs, and the ones that are more deeply embedded with the machines are doing better than the rest. living as "human only" is becoming less and less viable. you have to know how to extend your capabilities using machines. 
...i just had an epiphany. i'm a native speaker, but i thought when we were talking about concubines, we were talking about *combines*.. thanks for the joke or i would have never realized. 
english spelling is just too irregular to be used to explain how to pronounce things haha anyway, the *potato* and *tomato* difference is in the *a* in the middle: drawn out *aa* like in *aah* the interjection, or a short *ay* like the second a in *anyway* ooh i think i managed to explain! ??? 
now if only i could speak french. i've gotta get on that. :p 
oh god, it seems like every class has that girl. i'm not a judgamental person but i really don't like those people. accents almost always go away on their own, after enough exposure. my uncle learned english in his 20s, then worked with americans for a good two years, and after that his native accent was inaudible when he spoke english, so that's not something you should worry about too much. i personally don't want to "grow out" of my accent, but that may have to do with the fact that i'm very pathriotic lol 
some were very young when they left. one said that her first memory was the red cross air drops of food while they walked to turkey. 
if yer a furry then yeah, not hard. well, i guess something might be... 
how the hell is "mmh-hmm" supposed to be pronounced!? 
yeah, she's albanian. also fun fact, the eagle is our national symbol which explains the tattoo. our flag is a two headed eagle too. we're badass as fuck. 
jesus that's sad. people forget that iraq wasn't a sunny paradise when saddam and the baathists were in power. did you learn some kurdish from them? 
the only instance where i've encountered the world "hollering" in the wild was when my friend exclaimed "holla holla get dolla" so i wouldn't know 
yeah, guess countries who are ruled over by a walking chicken breast with a fancy toupee tend to be more interesting. 
it's a weird mix of both hard and soft "ch" then again, i'm australian so my pronunciation might be slightly different. 
shit, fender jaguar is one of my dream guitars and i'm not sure how that word's pronounced either. i think it's jag-u-ar as well but with english, who knows. 
it's another word for mistress, or just another woman a polygamous man is banging that isn't his wife. definitely not a porcupine. 
i was going to say that the only difference between a porcupine and concubine is in whether you give or receive a prick. yeah, i have no idea where the rolled r's come from for me. i live in a rural town in the northeastern us, so you'd think i'd have a really backwoods sounding accent. but no, my r's are rolled, my "th" noise is nonexistent, and i sometimes turn my l-sound into the sound you make when you pronounce the letter y. it's a weird bunch of speech-impediments that make me sound silly. 
things have changed. it's gotten a lot colder over here, so you'd no longer get weird looks from not wearing a coat in 15 degrees. also tirana may be the capital, but it's not even the best city. the south has plenty of cool places you should check out if you ever visit us again, like butrint or himara. 
yeah i also find english to be so much more easier than my native language. and i wish you luck on getting rid of your accent too! 
well we have surrogates now. i guess that's functionally the same. and "mistress"... you mean side chick?? since we're talking about modern words for things lol. 
... so at least a third of the town i grew up in were mormon. 
everything's a process, yeah? i'm glad to hear it's getting better for you. i have to admit that i get a little uneasy around new people, too. and thank you! i always try my best to be happy and to make others happy. 
pronuncation is so damn confusing. i'm fluent in english but i still have no idea how to pronounce some every day words, like "library", "medicine" or "direction". i just mumble and pray. 
we usually call condominiums condos. the only difference between a condo and an apartment is that you actually own the condo. what you call a flat is more like an apartment according to what i'm reading on the internet. 
i've always been curious, i'm serbian and our national symbol is also a two-headed eagle. why do you think it's like that? byzantine influences? 
i'm not sure which mispronunciation i prefer to be honest 
nah, my mental image for a plethora plant looked more like a ficus. 
thanks! i've got it covered - i'm actually a speech therapist (although i will admit that giving "therapy" to your own child is *nothing* like working with a client, and probably less effective.) anyway, i do work with her on difficult words, breaking them down and giving her strategies like choosing another word that means the same thing. but for hallelujah there was just no hope. 
trust me, it's equally as awkward in my mother tongue. why do i even embarrass myself like this. why. 
i have no idea how that makes sense i just know it's how the natives pronounce it. 
a lot of people point out my speech impediment when it's on a word that is changed by it. i can't say "three," i say, "free." it gets confusing and people say "free what...?" that's not a big deal, i just clarify that i can't pronounce the word "three" and they understand. but "brother," is my least favorite word in this regard. my ex's friend would always repeat how i say the word as soon as i said it. "so, my bruvver and i were hanging out and-" "ha, bruvver!" it always made me not want to finish the story because it made me so self-conscious of this one thing that i can't pronounce that seemingly everyone else can. she did this a lot and i never stuck up for myself. the "th" sound can be a v, f, d, or t to me. it's super annoying. 
norwegian here. so with german pronounciation the vowels would be similar to spanish pronounciation like i wrote above. tumaatou tumeitou i love "meeting" people from everywhere here on reddit! 
i know the former, not the latter, sadly. honestly, i'm a bit of an albaniaphile in euiv, from opm to the strongest nation lol. byzantophile too. 
might you say that you were... *misled* about the word? are you feeling mizzleable? actually... "miserable". mizzle could be a unique form of "misery" - one is mizzled when one is thrust into misery. when you feel miserable, you have been mizzled. it almost works. that's rather interesting. 
that made me chuckle. i love kids sometimes. and i think it was really nice of you that you volunteered to help refugees and all, too. ah yes, the good old beach vs bitch struggle. i know that too well. there's also the lesser known coke vs cock struggle. 
i think so too, but i also think everyone is their worst critic. i am by far my worst critic. most people never mention the little quirks that my speech has, really. and don't feel bad about having a stutter. i mean, samuel l. jackson has one and is one of the most beloved actors in the whole film industry! i cannot say that i know the struggle, but anyone who gives you a tough time for something as small as a stutter isn't worth your time anyhow. it's the little things that make us unique! 
one of my best friends in high school used to talk about rowing, like fighting? and all i could think of was, "as in...a boat?" 
that made me smile lol. thank you. fortunately i'm getting over my stutter bit by bit, and now it's pretty much only there when i'm around strangers or some pretty girl. lmao. also, i love your attitude towards all this stuff. you sound like a fun person to be around. 
well i have my doubts based mainly on my english teacher who was a brit that had lived in my country for 30 years and still had a thick accent. and the russian chemistry teacher in high school who had also been here for like 25+ years.. 
i feel you on the epitome thing. fortunately i was told that even native speakers get that wrong a lot too, so you don't have to worry too much about the 50% of the time that you pronounce it wrong. lmao my best friend (he's from england, we know each other through the internet) will never stop making fun of me for pronouncing extremely like ex-trem-ley or pronouncing british like "braytish" for the longest time 
much of learning english pronunciation is just about hearing the words in context a lot (because the pronunciation doesn't make sense, you just have to hear it enough to remember it instinctively). you mentioned you were from albania. do you tend to dub movies there? if so, i suggest starting to watch more movies and tv-series with the original english speech. that's a very good way to learn pronunciation. i'm from norway, and here we only tend to dub cartoons. movies and tv-shows just have subtitles. i think that's one of the main reasons that 80-90 % of the population knows english. as for the word "medicine", it is pronounced like "medi-sin" or "med-uh-sin" 
know the feel, haha. i have many friends from england as well and constantly get bullied for how i pronounce pretty much everything. ain't my fault i have an accent, guys :( 
this is the curse of book worms everywhere! i've lost count of how many words i've pronounced wrong because the spelling is so completely off from how they sound. the most recent one was cliche. i always pronounced it as "click" for some reason until a friend corrected me. i'm 35 and a native english speaker. 
i know and i don't get the logic. the hell do you mean it's not ar-kansas? 
points out what? also, if you don't mind me asking, which sounds do you usually make instead of th? 
i only visited 2 years ago, has it really changed that much since? didn't get to pick out where i was going since it was school related, but i'll definitely keep it in mind if i happen down there again. 
i don't even know what my favorite part of this is. i like you. 
you should start putting on an irish accent, then you can pronounce all your th's as t's and no one will notice. 
you mean 'copulation'? or 'computation'? seriously, google search for 'compulation' only shows results for misspelled 'compilation'. 
great, you just solidified "albania" as "olive oil stealing thugs". i hope your country's proud! :') 
aw, thank you. but i really can't speak italian or german to save my life. i hated having to take italian at school and german just won't get through my head, but i'll see how russian goes. it's a language i actually *want* to learn, so... 
some. most spoke mainly arabic. they were good kids. they didn't have much, but what they had they shared. we went on a field trip and when it was time for lunch we went and sat on the green. all the kids started taking pots of food, plates, and two liters of soda out of bags to share with one another. they insisted that all the adults share with them. they wouldn't take no for an answer. after that, they wanted to teach us all to dance. that was fun. we had a 12 year old and he had been in refugee camps in greece and had been working since the age of 6 in the granite quarries. there are just so many sad stories. 
this was me. read a lot at a young age and messed up a lot of advanced vocabulary words. pronounced epitome phonetically in front of 200+ people once.... oops... 
well, she's not wrong with what she knows. i was personally overjoyed when i saw my country mentioned in my most favorite book series ever. 7 year old me was crying so hard. 
i just recently learned how you pronounce lingerie. took a lot of laughter from my friends though. 
before the harry potter movies came out i thought hermione was her-me-ohne 
i'm laughing. i still have to be called dad but i think that wouldn't make me stop either because i am out of control. 
i've only been up and down the eastern seaboard, and south only briefly. i feel like i should explore more to hear all of the accents that i can. 
surrogates carry the biological child of both spouses, though. it's not just paternal dna that matters. "side chick" is (a) trashy compared to the classier connotation of mistress and (b) typically used to describe a second girlfriend rather than a wife/girlfriend arrangement (or a wife/lower status wife with fewer legal rights, which is what concubines historically were). 
i like that thought! :) but still, she doesn't treat eastern folks very friendly in the books, just take a look at durmstrang. according to her, everything in europe that is not britain or france is one evil dark-magic hellhole (quite a british view on things, really). also, rowena ravenclaw hides in albania when it should still be the byzantine empire, but i guess i'm becoming pedantic there hahah 
no idea, never had spanish. i do know a bit of french. 
oh god i really hope you didn't refer to morbid things as mormon out loud i would have died of embarrassment 
the last two years have changed albania quite a lot, especially tirana. i can barely recognize the centre of the city anymore. and the weather's definitely gotten more extreme too, it only snows in the north and on mountains here, but this january a couple of usually warm cities were covered in snow. 
there is no aaah in interjection? (i think, i don't know that word.) or do you mean like an exclamation? but i am not so sure what sounds americans make, that is not what they teach you. 
[](/ppseesyou "hello flair") horses or no horses, that's really not a question when you just want light conversation :p [](/sp) also i feel like geography classes and history classes over the world don't mention much of albania maybe to send the message that it's a boring country ;) 
tartar is hard because there a two allophonic pronunciations that mean different things. when pronounced tar-t*e*r, it means an pre-modern steppe people, and variety a of mayonnaise-based sauce often served with seafood, which is inexplicably named in their honor when pronounced tar-t*a*r, if refers to potassium bitartrate, a carboxlyic acid that is a common byproduct of wine-making. in short, english orthography is only marginally predictive of a given word's pronunciation. 
faked british accents aren't cool in my opinion. mostly because i went to school with a really annoying girl who always tried to impress by putting on her most posh stupid accent in class. ugh. hated her. she wasn't even that great at english. usually i don't mind my own accent since i can't hear it too much but sometimes i get self conscious about the fact that it'll stick with me forever, even if i move to an english speaking country. i don't wanna be that foreigner nobody can talk to because while they're speaking english, you have no idea what they're saying because of a heavy accent. 
i if you want to learn; that will be a good motivator! good luck! 
there isn't really a modern use for it. a man might have a mistress or a 'kept woman' but generally speaking he's not trying to use them for backup kids if his wife can't produce an heir. you could live a perfectly normal life without ever knowing what it meant. 
thank you! also, it's making me feel a lot better about my english now that i know that even native speakers fuck up a bit. 
thank you! we're really overlooked and i'd say it's a shame, because we're extremely brave as a nation and we endured a lifetime's worth of genocides without being wiped off of the face of earth. we also have wonderful culture, traditions and whatnot. also, our language's roots cannot be traced to any other language's. no one knows where albanian came from. 
that was detailed dude, thanks for such an educated reply 
i would, but i have so many friends, family, and a girlfriend so i'm in too deep to just pretend i'm irish now. :p 
i'm the opposite. i use english so much (on the internet, of course) that sometimes i forget words in my native language and use the english equivalent, but with an atrocious accent and bad pronuncation. 
nah, we only sub movies here. i watch a couple shows and i watch a lot of movies though so my pronuncation has improved a lot. thank you for the explanation on medicine too, lol. 
neither can i and i learned english at 8 as well. but i'm only 16 so i have less experience i guess. 
yup, did the same thing when i was in middle school. to my mom and older brother. was a bit awkward especially considering the timing 
glad to know i'm not the only one who thought it was pronounced like that! 
alright :) that's good. i didn't mean to sound pushy or up in your business... just something i wish *someone* would have pointed out and taken more time with me. it's annoying as all hell. 
this is similar to all the people who thought hermione (from the harry potter books) was pronounced hermy-own. also when i was little i may have seen the name charles written down but had never heard it spoken and assumed it was char-lez. 
english is actually the easiest language i've ever learned, and this is coming from someone whose mother tongue has like 80 tenses and who tried to learn italian and german for years before giving up. it's really nothing compared to some other european languages, really. i think the quirks make it fun. 
you don't have to feel silly at all! we're definitely not the only ones who have made this mistake and even if we were, there's still nothing bad about saying a word differently once in a while. 
good luck with library in the south. they tack on 'lie-berry' to that pronunciation list 
it was more than 20 years ago, so i am hazy on exact details, but it went roughly like this: we were playing some board game (settlers?) that involved trading things like wood, sheep, wheat among players. apparently i was pronouncing wheat more as "weed" which they found funny. somehow it spiraled into somebody asking if i knew what weed is and if i really want to buy it. i said yes, because i was still thinking weed=unwanted plants and thought it was part of a joke and that it would be hilarious to buy it. 
mine's albanian. i agree, it's easier to think in a mix of ebery language you know. 
 true, the only downside is when trying to express an idea you got in both languages it's hard 
if i were you i'd just look him in the eye and say "yes" 
there's a russian joke: - how do hedgehogs procreate? - very, very carefully. 
oh god i was kidding i promise we legally buy the olive oil 
i feel you haha! i come across the word all the time, it's surprisingly more common than i thought! 
chimps are chimpanzees and apes are like a grouping of animals like gorrlias and humans and monkeys are apes with tails. 
obviously, i am still having trouble with that word hahaha. copulation would be correct lol 
hahaha, that of course also depends on the way he said it. the pronunciation for rowing (fighting) is different from rowing (boat). i'd find it difficult to always say the correct one though, easier to just say fighting imo lololol 
that made me chuckle. that little misunderstanding must've made your life sound pretty interesting until you cleared it up. 
i'm american and i've heard of albania! it's where voldemort hid in the harry potter series 
not gonna lie, some people probably don't like that too much 
the distinction is mostly biological and you will see many people misuse all those words. if you just want a word that means "generic monkey-like animal", that word is "monkey". 
it's kind of funny since you know her... but as someone who has similar problems, i would highly encourage you to help her pronounce things correctly. i say a few things oddly/incorrectly (and i can't hear the difference/it sounds right in my head but my mouth doesn't do the right thing) and it makes my coworkers lose respect for me and generally people think i'm less intelligent (when that isn't the case, i received excellent grades in university and excel at work). it's very frustrating and could cause self esteem issues for some people (luckily, i know myself well enough that i can brush it off/get irritated with myself rather than sad). please. do her a favour and *help her learn* to do it right, or she'll have more difficulty as she gets older. don't giggle about it because that type of attention might make her think it's ok to sound dumb and that is something you'll both regret when she's trying to break into a professional setting. 
it could be that. i do know that our two headed eagle symbolizes northern and southern albania but i don't know if the same goes for serbia. 
i can't even say! it sounded *nothing* like hallelujah, though! howl-uh-jew-luh how-jew-loo-luh howa-lew-jew-juh she just couldn't get it! 
oh, chimps are the abbreviation of chimpanzees? then we do have a word for it. so is ape a synonym of primate? 
hey, i love dirty jokes. make it anyway. boy can i relate to that last line. sometimes i forget my own accent and switch to an extremely southeastern, extremely irritating accent that i probably picked up from spending so much time with our relatives who live in a southeastern town. i also roll my r's all the time. doesn't help that in my native language the rolled r and the soft r are separate letters. 
mother theresa and john belushi also are albanian! 
i try to avoid saying it unless it's in an obvious joking manner but i do agree that i'm not the best at judging whether it's appropriate to joke around or not. thank you lol 
true, i don't even know how long ago you posted there lol, serious convo is a pretty slow subreddit! 
it's maylay by the way, didn't mention that in the first comment. 
yeah, which definitely showed that j. k. rowling doesn't no shit about albania other than that it's eastern and remote and mysterious or something. 
i... have no words. i like you man. hey, i think the little things like "weird" accents and speech impediments make listening to a person talk more fun, though i probably am a huge hypocrite for saying that because i have an awkward stutter and loathe myself very deeply for it. i doubt you sound as silly as you think. 
i thought "a perishable" was some sort of fabric 
oh! haha, i don't think i've even posted much there. small world, eh? 
same, just with german. english is so much easier to think in. 
because it's one of the most common mistakes made by native english speakers. they don't correct you because they don't notice anything is wrong. 
oh god, how did you even word the weed sentence? what did you think you were saying? 
so, you heard the word "concubine" and thought of your friend's wife, huh? 
i also used them interchangeably and was never corrected. i wonder why that is. 
that's why i figured i'd point it out! i know that sort of thing can get lost in translation with second languages 
ranks are the worst. for the longest time i thought captain was spelt 'capitan' and i still can't wrap my head around lieutenant. 
i lived on koch lane in america for years. there was no consensus pronunciation of it. i heard cork, coke, cosh, cock, cotch, corsh, but never the actual german pronunciation of koch (like scottish loch). i gave up and just spelled it. 
i wouldn't know. i'm hoping to ditch my accent anyway. i barely use my native language anymore, lol. despite living here still. communication is easier in english. 
people like you are why i started this thread lmao. this made me smile 
i think foreign accents are really cool, and i am not just saying this because i have one. it's just really cool that you're listening to this person from an entirely different background with a different culture and language communicating with you in a language that you both understand, and the accent is proof of that. that being said, that best friend's ex boyfriend is definitely guilty of bullying me into having a semi-british accent for a full year. 
then i guess it varies. maybe your teachers were still very exposed to their native tongue and spoke it constantly? 
that reminds me of john oliver imitating new zealanders trying to say "eminem" 
hahahahaha yeah, it's kinda embarrassing when happens in a class!! hahaha 
it did. and i know the value of a second language the way few people do. 
not exactly! but i could see why you would think that lmao! 
same here, usually. most of the time it has been a case of me having read a word and decided on the pronunciation and then later on hearing someone using it and going "wait..what the fuck" inside my head :p 
you're genuinely surprised no one wanted to run about telling people they lived on 'cock lane'? that sounds like a line from the intro of a cheesy porno. 
if it's a rowing boat, you can catch a crab while catching a crab. 
it's also very predictable and yet still entertaining. "the crew of the wizard is not having a good day." "keith sucks! this sucks! we've been up 48 hours, we're only getting 10 crab per pot. this is not what i signed up for!" "a hundred twenty six miles northeast, the northwestern comes up on the pots it left to soak before it went to dutch harbor. tensions are still really high." crew member: "fucking sig, man, i can't believe he said that shit in harbor." sig: "oh they're fishermen, fishermen talk shit sometimes. i'm just hoping that these pots are full of crab so people get the fuck over themselves." pot comes up. "holy shit! we got crab!!" sig: "that's what i'm talking about!" crew member: "yeah i still hate what sig said but we're like, a family, you know, and good work is good work." 
but now people have high access to all the old content on the channels, and tons of documentaries on netflix 
the key phrase is "pop charts". it's why extremely popular musicians can get stuck with the one-hit wonder label despite having a bunch of known songs. garth brooks for instance. quite possibly the most known country musicians in the past several decades but only made it on to the pop charts once. 
so put your hands down my pants and i'll bet you'll feel nuts! 
they officially aren't referred to that internally anymore. their brand is just tlc. apparently learning just isn't profitable. 
seriously, they stopped being about music like a decade before the music industry started allowing their music videos on youtube. it's like people don't even realize that the music industry was doing everything they could to kill youtube, until they just gave up. 
just because you like them doesn't mean they aren't a one hit wonder. they fit the definition pretty well. they had one hit song they are known for. 
vivid childhood memories of my dad home on the weekends blasting dire straits loud enough that the whole of fairchild afb knew what he was listening to. when i start playing elite: dangerous on the ps4 next week, i intend to name one of my ships "sultan of swing". 
all the re-caps too after commercials. you watch the same thing two or three times, leaving about 10-15 minutes of the actual show 
speaking of ghosts and showers; if ghosts are real, they are absolutely touching themselves while watching us in the shower. 
they have, but so be it. even when the song was at its peak of popularity and i owned the cd nobody knew the song name. it was always "the discovery channel song" and i got nothing but confused looks when i mentioned the real title. 
don't joke about that. the ghost of my best friend was wrongfully accused of raping a woman. 
i haven't seen deadliest catch in at least five years, and this is absolutely 100% accurate. it's like the show never changes. loved it when it was more about the crab than the inter-personal drama. it's still pretty damn entertaining, though. 
my horrible alcoholic degenerate of a father loved that song, and as bad as our relationship was, air guitaring next to him while getting a lift to school will always be one good memory i keep. oddly, another one is putting my cat down when i was a kid, and having "walk of life" on the muzak at the vet office. finally, romeo and juliet was playing the time my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend in high school. i'm admittedly tepid about dire straits, but i'll be damned if they haven't randomly imprinted into my life more than most bands i listen to constantly. 
the whole song is a euphemism for getting fucked... so, you know. 
they blamed him for the devastation of the 1948 arab-israeli war and considered him an agent of british imperial interests 
20 years? and that song still sounds like it was released yesterday. 
don't forget deron now has a new band, 96 bitter beings. also a bit odd but they have the benefit of having the voice of cky, they still play cky songs live. 
i highly doubt anything would want to touch itself if it sees my naked body 
can confirm time period from username. this guy 90's. 
i loved cky. not really a fan of the new stuff. since deron left the sound is different too. i didn't know he made a new band though. til 
i think you're missing a few brums in the first line 
i know, like half of their bullshit is actually decent. i just wish that the other half was the old discovery channel. then maybe i'd pay for cable again 
so put your hands down my pants, and i'll bet you feel nuts. 
tlc? baaa haa haa. what a flaming pile of shit that channel is. i'm still pissed they have the balls to keep their name. what "learning" goes on there? i did learn about trashy gypsies and what wedding dress not to buy. 
i don't think most professional environments have people casually talking about genitals in general, outside of urology practices and the sex industry. 
an invisible **bed**... a...*freaky ghost bed*... 
that's only because 90% of their music is nowhere near radio friendly. the bad touch was gutted some to make it radio friendly. 
i ain't afraid of no **sleep** i ain't afraid of no **bed** 
i mean, who wants to watch random music videos on their tv when you can watch just the stuff you like whenever you want on youtube? 
look at us, making shower thoughts in shower thoughts. 
aww man. only now do i actually understand that line after seeing it written out and now i'm sad after realising that both of them are dead now 
don't worry dude. you'll hit that 19-22 range when everyone needs beer-drinking tunes that aren't country and pop. unless of course your friends are all lame. 
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up. 
one of the songs my dad liked. if i hear it i'm blasting it. 
this also applies to the history channel. i think tlc is too far gone to save... 
the bad touch did hit #1 in a bunch of european countries... 
sample: "rather tape the weather channel so that i can watch it later" probable questions from younger people: "tape? like...put a tape on a channel?", "weather channel is actually a tv channel? not an app?" 
i wasn't aware either. i've had this screen name(not on reddit but various places on the internet) since i was literally 13, i feel like i should be more a super fan and up on this stuff but i'm not. i heard rumors that deron pulled some shady shit and chad booted him out of the band, but i'm glad he's still playing cky songs. they were my absolute favorite back in high school. i was on the street team and handed out stickers for the day infiltrate destroy rebuild was released. it was also hat day at school and i had this awful straw hat i colored with black markers to say "infiltrate. destroy. rebuild." around it 
not to mention xbox still has xs in every one of their consoles names, so there's that. 
i wouldn't want to, but i would. and i would make it as weird as possible, for both of us. 
sad story: i am the oldest person in my band by about 7 years (i'm 31). we were talking about this song, and one of our members, who knows the lyrics, goes "i didn't know this, do you know who sissel and eggert were?" i replied "movie critics" he was amazed that i knew (what he thought was) a very obscure piece of knowledge. 
farouk, farouk, farouk is on fire. we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn. burn motherfucker burn. what did farouk do to piss off the bg? 
yea well, to be fair they're both dead now, :( although i think roger ebert passed recently. 
i was lonelier than kunta kinte at a merle haggard concert that night i strolled on into uncle limpy's hump palace lookin' for love. 
yeah, but the other things used to be good. like liquid television. 
latest was used correctly, but it implies that it's pretty recent. i could say "have you guys seen the latest season of firefly?" and still be talking about 2003, but it sure sounds like it's new. something can be technically correct and still be misleading. 
yes i'm siskel, yes i'm ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up 
yeah i agree that there were tons of great shows. i think they made the switch because they got sucked into / helped lead the conversion to shitty reality tv that happened to everyone else. i think they just got lucky that alternative ways of watching music videos happened to get created. 
i mean almost 20 years, id say that's a decent chunk of a lifespan. 
i still find the channel name relevant. the learning channel. sit kids in front of it and say watch out for scams like paranormal exorcists, exercise and eat healthy, have some type of work ethic and treat your mental illnesses or you end up like everyone you see on these shows. 
it had been a while. in fact 365 had come and went since that midnight run haulin' hog to shakey town on i 1-0. 
always thought it was "yes i'm cisco, yes i'm evil..." which makes no sense in retrospect 
the mp3 player i had was the one where the riaa sued the maker to try to stop them producing it. idiots. 
i mean, attraction is a personal thing, but in my mind she is pretty girl playing a part. her lines are fed to her in a way that makes her seem like she knows the science and engineering she talks about, but she's really just an actress. if that works for you, then cool. honestly, kari is playing the role of jeri ellsworth, who is 100% legit and (for better or worse) also ginger. 
"big brother" owes its success to "real world" and "the amazing race" owes its success to "road rules" among other comparisons. mtv was rather innovative for its time but those shows honestly belonged on a different network. mtv could have stayed music focused for far longer than they did. 
the discovery channel used to be lots of nature documentaries, so "doing like they do on the discovery channel" made sense. now the channel has almost no nature shows, and instead profiles lots of blue collar trades (crab fishermen and gold miners) in a reality/documentary format, so now the song don't make no sense. 
why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck out of here! 
i really wouldn't mind having the crab fishing show* if on the rest of the time i got good science programs. * i actually like the crab show... :( 
cds are kinda still a thing in the underground scene. 
just to add to this, the bundles subsidize the less popular channels, so if you enjoy some of the more niche programming, bundling actually helps out. that being said, i've never wanted espn or any of it's affiliates. the network is ludicrously expensive and it's damn near impossible to find a bundle without it. so bundling has benefits, but the practice is often irritating and did help drive me to cutting the cord. 
the only thing going down in this car is the window cus yo pussy staaaaaank 
"i'll just do it on my own so i can watch game of thrones." 
come quicker than fedex, never reach an apex, just like coca-cola stock you are inclined to make me rise an hour early just like daylight savings time. 
you know what they say, people in glass houses sink ships 
what is your favorite cky song? i'm just curious. 
i always thought tlc stands for tender, love and care. because the whole family oriented programs. 
now i shall delve back into cky on spotify. that band meant a lot to me in the early 2000's. 
*me and you do the kind of stuff that only prince would sing about 
then that guys line... then: yes i'm siskel yes i'm ebert and you're getting two thumbs up 
 went back and listened since i did the original on mobile from memory. i skipped the first very subtle guitar notes that happen just before it really kicks in i should have done a "brum brah brum bra brum brum bra" after the comma. 
i'm 17 lol. should have specified closer my age than the whole generation of millennial ish age people nobody understood my reference :( 
i was on the debate team in college. that's literally how all of our parties ended up. at least that i remember....it is in fact a great time tho. 
on that note, the story of b is also a great read. if you folks haven't read either of these books, do yourself a favor and read them now. 
i usually wouldn't enjoy hearing about gorilla dick, but that is so flattering. 
it's much easier to stop everyone else from eating the last doughnut than it is to stop yourself from doing it. to stop yourself you need insane levels of endurance, mental fortitude and self control, to stop everyone else you just need a riot shield and a taser. 
how many people on the tracks would it take to stop a train? 
that itself is very profound. not one of us would have known the name if he had never been killed. 
things don't exist simply because you believe in them, thus sayeth the almighty creature in the sky! 
looks like smilin and dialin travelled north to canada! 
the ability to overpopulate is pretty key to developing tribal warfare as humans practice it. what do 1491 and sapiens suggest that is terribly different? 
actually, they're like undead vampires. they feed off of the life they steal from you when answer the phone. 
i love being surprised by your comments. keep it up, science! 
this is the exact reason why you will never be a billionaire 
i can get you out u/stormelemental13 but you must do exactly what i say. the cubicle across from you is empty. go to it. now! when i tell you, go to the office at the end of the hall, and use the scaffolding to get to the roof. 
the original was persians and iranians. i had to replace that for proper context in our post-ape-colonized world. 
i only wish your username was papashmear. and to be invited to said house party. 
"and that is why kids, ever since, we have and always insisted on dicks out." 
personally the story of b was my favorite, it starts off a bit slow but then really gets into it. my ishmael i think is better than the first just cause it is a deeper book. the first was really good cause it was new, but it was short and simple ( which is a very good thing, and the whole point of the book). but yeah they are all fantastic and everyone should read at least ishmael, then read the other 2 in whatever order you want. 
depends how badly they want the donut. if it were me, your riot shield and taser would do very little to keep me from the last donut - especially if it's chocolate glazed. 
i came here desperately hoping to see an ishmael comment with the expectation of being let down. what a pleasant surprise! it is nice that i don't have to talk to people face to face to still feel connected /s. haha also worried that any comment a bit too long would lead into an inevitable undertaker story 
i can't even supervise four people. kudos for caring about your workers. 
he used to say he'd do that when he was a millionaire. now that he actually is a millionaire, he's saying he'll do it once he's a billionaire. i'm starting to think he just likes to play out fantasy situations in his head, and doesn't plan to actually follow through. 
i assume you mean died instead, not that adam sandler somehow ensures zombie chris farley doesn't come back and make shitty movies 
but erdogans can easily melt civil rights, it's been proven. 
instructions unclear, now i'm in shridevi's cubicle and he *really* likes his personal space... 
more like, "so this little ass unsupervised kid jumps into our enclosure..." 
totally. its like seasonal affective disorder meets the crushing realization that you need to make 100 sales to get the christmas bonus. 
me too! ( said in kriegers voice) this is why i love reddit. i came hear to say" looks like ismail is taking on full classes now." day made! 
once the lesser needs are fulfilled, self actualization may not even be a goal for some. 
you're still not going far enough. who set the gorilla up with the daughter? that's right, the gorilla breeder. why would he do that? because he knew that the death of harambe would become a cultural touchstone that would cause people to donate millions to gorilla preservation efforts, and as a breeder at the forefront of the field, he knew a lot of it would go directly into his wallet. so you see, harambe was killed by the breeder, and by human greed. 
**u-g-l-y** you don't need no alibi *you ugly* *yeah, yeah* **you ugly** 
every time a phone rings, a telemarketer dies a little inside. 
you have to be bitten by a radioactive spider first. 
or wet. in some parts of the world, autumn means the rainy season starts. 
it's better to have loved, and lost, than never to have loved, at all -shakesphere -jean luc picard 
it is a great book, and changed the way i approached thinking about civilization and progress. however in the many years since, i've come to realize how overly simplistic, and downright wrong ishmael is about what humans were (probably) like before the agricultural revolution. basically, it doesn't look like there were ever any true leaver cultures. we drastically reshaped and changed (and destroyed) our world long before we started farming. farming just gave us the ability to overpopulate. check out the books 1491 and sapiens, they make compelling arguments. i'd say reading ishmael and then studying anthropology is like learning about bohr-rutherford diagrams and then studying chemistry; a great foundation for the concepts, but in themselves oversimplified and inaccurate. 
how do they each compare to the original, if you don't mind me asking? the first is an absolute favorite but i'm scared the others will mar my impression a bit if they don't hold up as well. 
harambe could have lived a normal gorilla's lifespan. now he will live forever. 
don't forget my ishmael as well. each book tells the story of a different student of ishmael's. 
haha, holy shit. i thought you just wrote that in a hyperbolized trump style -- i did not realize you just mad libbed a real quote of his. 
um, i don't think you're "the one" after all, never mind 
i believe many zoo animals are rescue? i'm not 100% sure but unless they're rescued i would be opposed to it as well. 
i am no papa, sir thinks a lot. but i am glad you're interested in the type of party where everyone gets shitfaced and evaluates the meaning of life and existence. it's fun :d 
they'll upvote anything, i bet if you posted a screenshot of this they'd upvote it 
if a train was heading towards 3 humans tied to the tracks, but you could switch the tracks to hit one endangered gorilla on a separate set of tracks, would you? 
self titled book about a gorilla named ishmael. gorilla can communicate telepathically. book is very philosophical. 
fun fact: a gorilla's average penis size is 4 inches. source: am science. 
it's amazing how much gorillas care about the hawley-smoot act. 
is there an option to have the three people and the gorilla hit by a train? 
i was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions. i started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one i heard be ignored. may be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. ignoring your kids is not ok. 
you don't even need to bring religious dogma into the equation if you have a well tuned propaganda machine steering society. 
they rearranged our standards in oklahoma a few years ago but did not rearrange how students were tested. so after a full year of trying to teach kids to think critically the state gave them a 60 question multiple choice test and told us we were bad teachers because the students did poorly. they have since taken away the state test until they can figure out a better way. hopefully act and work keys. 
fair point. perhaps memorisation is not the best word, because it connotes ineffective techniques (rote repetition) for most people. still, i think it's useful to approach understanding as a memory problem. memory research certainly has a lot to say about *how* to effectively integrate concepts into larger sets of ideas, and how doing so affects performance. 
then how come the people with access to the most resources seem to have the least empathy? 
it's much easier than you'd think, and for most people it's just extrapolation of what you are doing intuitively. 
i teach math. i assure you, the methods being taught work because they are good methods, not because the "smart" kids do it that way. i know this because even the "dumb" kids are good at math the way we teach it. 
glad i just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy. 
that's a really interesting comment! it was definitely not intentional and honestly we did not notice it until now. i really appreciate your thought and i think you make a really interesting argument! will have to keep this in mind next time around. 
one of the problems is that i'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests i'm given are all data points, so i'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests. 
basically, but also how to receive information without accepting it, being able to research and analyze things as a normal behavior rather than as a special effort, etc. it's about more than just learning. 
but that's stupid. it's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the english language. (if y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) people are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" english as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags. hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. what's important is the message. do you know what the language in question is trying to say? has it communicated this clearly? cool. now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. sheesh. 
i grew up in a very conservative area of georgia and i was never taught columbus was "good." 
interesting. sounds like you're prone to believing political boogeymen, then. 
you need both, and in both most humans are lacking. i can walk and chew bubble gum at the same time; we can teach empathy and critical thinking at once. 
i have a degree in literature, but for the first 2 years i was chasing a biology degree. i understand what you mean. i want to note however that all my science professors were doing their best to incorporate philosophy and art into their science. and all my literature professors would laugh at the dumb noobs who only could support their theses with "well that's just my belief" or "that's just how the work makes me feel." sometimes, lit and phil professors were more scrupulous about sourcing and objectivity than my science professors. 
i don't completely agree with this view. the bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers. you learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis. coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking. 
plus there's the implication that bernie sanders represents the height of scientific literacy and rationality. in reality the only reason his campaign wasn't regarded as historically intellectually dishonest and science illiterate is because of trump. 
you do realize that the majority of christians, even in america, don't believe that the earth is 6000 years old, or that the flood was more than an allegory, right? science and religion are two separate entities, like science and philosophy. for example, i won't look to science to learn how to live a virtuous life, but i will look to religion and philosophy, as they have more to say on the topic. even many ancient christians understood that most of the early old testament is not to be taken literally, there are plenty of commentaries on it. science can't define what the meaning of life is, it will say nothing because it has no answer there, but religion and philosophy say lots of different things. tl;dr: religion isn't the problem because it's fundamentally different than science, and most people understand that. 
so what most schools are trying to do is teach all kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own. but this is debatable as far as effectiveness. do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with? will it work with less capable students? there isn't any conclusive answers yet. but it seems to not be any worse so why not try. that said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned. 
don't know about you but my teachers' opinions were almost exclusively driven by their local culture. the few who expressed dissenting opinions were shunned. facts are a little difficult to discern these days. the volume of information we have access to makes things very muddy without huge expenditures of time. 
no child left behind program didn't improve training it just lowered the bar. 
of course i am! i am the ultimate culmination of the modern proliferation of quotable commentation! 
we definitely need more open minds. philosophy can teach the intolerant that overwhelming existential dread binds all of us together. we all suffer from the human condition, regardless of where we come from, we all know we are going to die. 
i used to teach math and currently work as and with statisticians. i have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong. **assumptions** the above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. this generalization is purely anecdotal as i have not conducted any formal research. i have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. for ex: people who have the same experiences. 
so true. and every time someone faces a critical thought that threatens their view, they come up with some explanation for why it's not actually an issue. the thing is you can always come up with some explanation or find some fact to bat away critical thoughts, but people forget that it's not about finding a plausible explanation but deciding which explanation is most *probable* given the evidence! 
yeah the normal history classes at my school just went over material, there was little to no incentive on synthesis, discussion, critical thinking and deeper meaning of perspectives. pretty dull actually. but it really depends on the teacher as well, because i had regular world history and my teacher in there was a very good teacher. 
it's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). it will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. it's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting. examples: * in my head i did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one. * in my head i did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one. 
memorization is not quite the right word. yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). it is the integration that makes it make sense to you. you can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. that is rote repetition until you can recite it. however you can easily recite it and not understand it. i know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. i think i understand what you were trying to say, i just have issues with the word memorization for it. 
and the bread and butter of a stem degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity. if you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. the whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. where as in any la degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation. 
my own two cents: what gets me going isn't motivation, but incentive. i used to think that to study better i just needed motivation. kept telling myself variations of "you can do it!" or "this subject is understandable," and the like. over time i got bored with the subject anyway because it was so difficult i felt little desire to learn it. eventually i started asking, "what's in it for me?" and learned that i just cared about a's, so like it or not it's what 'motivated' me to study harder (not much, but better than not improving at all i guess). if students don't have an 'end plan' for the subjects they're learning, they won't bother. do it for high grades, money, happiness, or the chance to get into a better uni/job opportunity/whatever; as long as it's an attractive goal they'll push through. 
i don't have kids, and i'm not sure if you do. i'm not saying ignoring your kids is ok or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. just remember that they are still children. small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice. a parent has to hear this all day long every day. it is part of social development. as they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated. 
this is the primary basis of common core math. people who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills. and tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems. 7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense. 
"the most educated are the least likely to think critically. you can't teach critical thinking. education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink." - ha! yea, i definitely wonder who is up-voting this vague and unsupported statement. 
until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence. 
i teach math. my students ask all the time "how do you remember all of this?" my answer is: i don't. i remember the pieces and rebuild it whenever i need it. 
all i see are people using the circular argument that "if you had empathy, you'd think we need more empathy". if you're rational, you realize that certain things are finite, and the ecosystem can only support so many people with a certain standard of living, and that we should curtail the population to that limit, otherwise we are all doomed. but you don't get that if you go with empathy. 
most parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically. "why is the sky blue?" "who cares". why does the sun change colors at sunset "i dont know its not important" 
empathy is build on understanding how people feel, it will always be easier to understand how people closer to us (not just geographically but sex, race, class, religion, nation, ...) feel. so it will always be harder to empathize with people further away from the spectrum then where we find ourself. 
i'm out of high school right now. life is definitely different. 
here's my quote: "yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking" i don't see where you're coming from exactly. i feel like if i were assuming what you think i'm assuming, i would have replaced the word "still" with "now." judging previous' populations capability of critical thinking is beyond me 
you can argue about anything without having a strong opinion. and japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think. and no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom. i've met tons of japanese people and have gotten to know them. they share many of the same qualities. ask a japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you. no matter what. i've had two girlfriends. dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class. it's the same. having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in japanese culture. following the norms is. 
good point. one way we can circumvent the issues of the education system is through popular media, and freely available self-education resources. 
if everyone thinks the same, then someone isn't thinking. people will always continue to disagree with each other. 
it depends a lot on the area you are living in. i live in a relatively liberal area and columbus was indeed not taught as good. my cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on columbus. 
i think the circle jerk has shifted to arithmetic being the *only* important subject, which is simply untrue. 
i'm from the uk and they teach multiple points of view for history, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers. 
well i am getting downvoted. i'm guessing its because people think they had a great math teacher but they were taught algorithms... missing the point but whatever. to clarify, algorithms are fine if the end goal is just to be able to do a procedure. its worthless if you want to teach reasoning and critical thinking. source: i teach high school math 
yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. the tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity. 
that's a very loose interpretation of a system that encompasses many countries with millions of people working in them. what business men? the curriculum in my province is made my educational professionals who don't benefit at all from stupid children. in fact having met most of them they would be appalled by that idea. many teachers try their hardest to make sure kids can think for themselves but you can't keep everyone at the same level in a bulk system. 
if two people can solve the same problem in the same amount of time, what advantage does memorizing every formula for a single test provide? should people memorize useful formula? yes, so ask the to write the formula, and why it's important, and what it's used for. but requiring people to regurgitate stuff that they know they'll likely never use again is teaching people how to forget things, and that those things aren't important. 
personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. i mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago i'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction. 
ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking. you must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is. 
me too. i just couldn't convincingly pretend to accept that as an answer, and most of the time i didn't try. usually, i'd say something like, "but obviously there is a reason, where can i find it if you don't know it?" which got interpreted by my otherwise fantastic parents as back talk. 
who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? the most educated are not critical thinkers? what? 
something worth saying is worth saying simply. the middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia. 
i believe the premise of the design has merit. i.e. it's how people naturally do math in their head. the problem is with teachers marking students answers as incorrect when they use other methods of achieving the answer. we need teach critical thinking, not correct answers. as a future college professor, i plan to fundamentally teach my students to think rather than to simply obtain correct answers. fortunately, we can do this in college, if we can only shift this towards grade school, we can change the world. essentially, by teaching critical thinking, we can teach the same students at different levels at the same time. 
yeah, in america they teach that too. i don't what that dude it talking about with the whole columbus was good and the vietnam war. any class i ever took from middle school through college did not portray columbus in a positive way. 
yep. like checking if "news" is really propaganda. that requires investigation, not just vaguely "being smart". research shows that high iq does little to protect you against propaganda, but intellectual inoculation can work for people of high and low iq, to make propaganda less effective. 
pearson also does psych and development tests. beware the neurocracy. 
until about age ~~7~~ 25, then their friends are actually their greatest influence. fify 
how about something like #educationrevolution? it's grammatically correct, short, and gets the point across. 
i apologize for the unsolicited advice here, but tok caught my eye. i also wish that something like tok could be accessible to all students. anyway, as someone who now works in higher education and also took ib courses in high school, i highly encourage you to still take your freshman level composition courses when you get to college, even if some form of tests or credit from ib/ap have allowed you to skip them (not sure how it might have changed since i've been in school). one of the biggest mistakes i see many intelligent students make is skipping freshman comp and not giving themselves more time to hone their writing and critical thinking skills at a college level. take your time with any writing and critical thinking courses in college! i am a firm believer that we not only push high school kids to and through college at problematic rates, but that programs that allow you to skip college courses can sometimes do more harm than good for certain students. 
everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine". 
yeah. i've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. it is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything. this is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - it's sheepishly following instructions. i suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student. 
i worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo. i was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. i think that's what got in my craw so i answered the kids questions. it's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions. how's that for compromise? 
this is very true aswell; one could make the case that this represents and almost circular framework of thought in regards to americas current status. would greater education lead to an overt rejection of individualistic dominance, or rather can an education system that fosters greater overt empathy even exist without a cultural shift towards empathy? honestly what you described is extremely accurate; america at its core is a country spawned out of individualism (specifically protestant individualism), whereas other similar young countries such as canada earned their independence from the commonwealth during later world conflict through global joint strategy. it is a very interesting dichotomy. 
read a book on honne, tatemae, uchi, and soto, because this latest post of yours suggests you're erroneously applying a western framework to your japanese interactions. especially the part where you suggest they don't have opinions because they just parrot back yours. 
it's a nice thought, but nurturing critical thinking is not really what is going on in reality. the student/teacher relationship is almost always "learn what i tell you to learn" and "answer this simple question that i have not allowed you to frame for yourself." and if the student steps out of line the consequence is failure. i suspect you're the one with the idea of "teaching" that's a little off of what happens in reality. 
i did it like pen and paper carrying, but in my head it's just "twelve twelve two = 222". i don't see how this is more burdensome. 
doing simple math is more than memorization. it's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. so you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. you just need to understand the core concept that drives addition. granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. this works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but i think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster. 
i'm not really okay with it. i just think the improvements are going to come from new ideas and new methods. i'm bothered by the fact that in fields like science and music we expect that advancement will come from innovation by brilliant, dedicated practitioners, while in education everybody thinks their own common sense ideas would rock the world if only people paid attention. i mean, when we encounter somebody with no education in science who think they have achieved a major breakthrough in physics, if only the stupid physicists would listen, we assume they're a crank, but when it comes to education, thinking that way is *normal.* 
the "if you're smart, you're a loser" mentality, encountered during middle school and high school, is especially detrimental to critical thinking. 
subjectivity to a detriment. the whole grain of salt they want us to take these "dead old white guys" with is so big it's eclipsing the actual message. it's critical thinking without allowing anything to be be critical of (except for the hegemony and capitalism blah blah). free speech doesn't apply to speech i disagree with, criticizing ideology doesn't apply to religions that aren't christianity, etc. 
i think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. the thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association. 
also culture, comments seem to suggest the american pov (and considering the article is about educational reform since us education system is about to disemboweled). american culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. both have their pros and cons, but american culture really, really, really doesn't promote social welfare. 
it's not parents, so to speak, but rather our american culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn. there's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture. 
it's not just you but i feel like this entire part of the thread missed the irony in using the hashtag after claiming we should have more critical thinking lessons in classrooms. from what i can tell sound bites and hashtags appear to be the epitome of group think which encourages behavior opposite of critical thinking. 
i'm a teacher. grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. that's why teachers make their tests like that. also, companies like pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school. state tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles. what we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). we need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day. we also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured. 
i spent about six years obsessively researching wall street from about 2002 (enron sparked my interest) until just after the crash (where it just got too real to know all this stuff suddenly). it really was about understanding the systems and how they interacted...from the nyse to the ratings bureaus to libor and mark to market vs traditional accounting.... i have at least a masters degree in wall street history now and it was just because...i was curious as to how enron made my electricity bill go up 400 percent overnight. 
i think the wealth inequality is more of a symptom than a cause, but i agree there is a feedback loop happening that is amplifying the problem. 
you were right to do what you did in that scenario. i didn't mean to address you directly with that. it was more an observation that it is hard to be a parent and as a person who does not have kids myself i have to keep in mind that most really do the best that they can. 
considering american culture/attitude of "your work defines you," which is synonymous with "your salary defines you,"... that's ... yeah. 
this exactly. in elementary school i had great trouble adding columns of numbers in my head. once someone taught me the building to tens system, i have have had no trouble with that skill. 
by teaching. teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts. it's met with resistance, but it's the only way. otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards. 
hi! nope, not dead at all. in our attempt to keep everything entirely free we have basically been relying on grants to help us create content. unfortunately, we have been failing at raising more resources (didn't get the last few grants) and so have had to slow down a bit. we are trying to figure out what we can do to generate more resources (but still keep everything entirely free). it seems particularly timely now that we keep working hard and getting this content out. so hoping to keep this going and figure out what we can do on our end! in the interim, thanks for using our resources and the kind words. sincerely, gaurav 
that is probably true. i wonder if some of that has to do with the modern graphing calculator tho. 
same. my initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern then i realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar. it might as well be "#do a smart" 
me too. it's not too late, though. when you learn new skills, it rewrites your synaptic connections/pathways, no matter how old you are! kid brains just do it faster than adults' brains. and most of it is available free online! 
i'm the same or so i thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated. when you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort. reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic. i can't say how many times i've done an hour of googling because i saw a til that had me going no way that's true. or women... 
are cognitive biases not a result of a emotionally driven conclusion? for (a probably lame) example, a young woman is bullied for being ugly by a group of girls from a certain ethnic background. the hurt makes her paranoid and insecure about her looks. as an adult she's grown into her looks and people tell her she's pretty but is still paranoid and insecure, avoiding women of that ethnic background even if they're mostly friendly of indifferent to her. her cognitive bias is rooted in a traumatic experience giving her that irrational point of view. i guess a better example is people with benign phobias. i think too many people overlook how much emotions control our lives and the ways we think. 
there's no market for critical thought. it makes people more difficult to sell to and more difficult to govern. the benefits to a nation are long-term and nations - including their education systems - are governed by people with short-term incentives. 
decomposing the word, it literally means "what most people rationalize" which is a recipe for disaster on the internet. 
how do you test critical thinking with bubbles? i feel like it's just a larger cat-and-mouse game with memorization. 
it is easy to make a broad claim like "our teachers suck." yes, there are bad teachers out there, and usually, they continue in their positions because of the difficulties of firing anyone. however, as other people have pointed out, putting students in front of a computer screen is not a good model. one of the things we need to do is redefine the classroom from elementary school. we take young children, put them in a room, tell them to sit down, be still, and be quiet, and then expect them to learn. even in more progressive classrooms where instructors are more engaging, it is still this basic model. kids need to be out of the classroom. they need to be active. in middle school, they need to be sent out to a farm until the hormones level out. 
this can be a problem due to applicant tracking systems (ats) but there are ways around it. in your summary, you should make it clear that you are looking to relocate. also make a point of mentioning your desire to relocate in any cover letters. 
had a professor who said he literally put "beach bum" on his employment gap and talked about how it gave him time to work on personal projects / attempting a business start up and reflect on him the direction he wanted to take his career in. he said recruiters liked the transparency and it made a good conversation starter. 
can't tell if viral linkedin marketing...was this a paid service? 
i'm a certified secondary english teacher, but with only internships and long-term subbing as my experience. you have me beat in years of service. i know that teaching k-12 isn't for me. it's too emotionally draining. i got by just fine, but i put forth so much of myself/my time that it felt like i had nothing left. i'm thinking about going back to school as a graduate assistant. the end goal would be to teach at a cc. the other option would be to take a technical writing course and pursue work in that field. quicker and easier but possibly very dull. i guess i'm just afraid to move in any one direction at the moment. how are you going about finding tutoring positions? 
great question! we've worked with over a dozen career counselors here in the bay area and maintain a large network of recruiters -- the direction the hiring industry is moving towards is placing more emphasis on customizing covering emails -- cover letters are seen as a prerequisite and are often unread. nevertheless, it's good to include one as it passes a minimum bar -- we recommend 2-3 paragraphs and a density of roughly 75% of one full page. mirror the header that you use in your resume. 
yea, i get linkedin messages from recruiters on linkedin constantly. as do a bunch of my other friends and co-workers. 
law says that you are related to yourself, so this is fine 
so what would hr do under this situation? fire you instead of letting you quit and then have to look for a replacement, and train a new person? 
for a low fee of $29.99 the answer could be yours! 
good heavens, you're only in your late 20's and you already think you're too old for education? given the current state of medicine, if you take care of yourself you probably have 70-80 more years of life left. 
can confirm this is a problem. i'm white, but my first name sounds mexican. during a stint of job-hunting, i applied for the same job i had previously with no response and used "sara" as my first name. resume and cover letter were identical. they emailed me about four days later to set up an interview. i told them what they did and for that reason, i would not be entertaining their interview request. bastards. 
a big mistake is not doing sufficient research on the new company/position that they are looking to fill. this can cause blunders during the interview if you're asked specific questions about the position and the mission of the company, i.e. "why do you want to work here?" and it could also lead to regret if you aren't really sure what you are getting yourself into when making a transition into a new job. 
software portfolio is what my husband calls it, same as an artist might have, a sample of your own work. 
yes, but make sure you do your homework about the story of the company and why you'd love it. target the right person (ceo, cto, coo) who would be the decision-maker for your role. following up once or twice on the email is perfectly fine too. don't be discouraged if they don't respond to your first or second try. 
what industry are you in? i'm in finance, and have an advanced designation, and only ever hear from recruiters looking for retail sales people. that said, my geographic region is still recovering from the oil crash. but that's not my point. lnkd isn't good for anything i used to use it for - sharing knowledge, networking. everyone on my feed seems to agree, yet it gets worse and worse. 
not a recruiter but i was off work for 18 months and on disability for some mental illness related issues. i was asked about the gap and replied with a vague: "on disability during that time, worked on my health and have been cleared by my doctor(s) to return to work with no limitations" 
unless they really want to keep you... then maybe they'd try to bump you up in the queue. 
hi luckyducky, your explanation for the work gap is very acceptable! however, to break through to get an interview, you'll have to rely on your writing skills to personalize outreach. to get in front of a real person: 1) after locating a role you like, research the company and potential hiring managers you can email. 2) set up a multi-touchpoint email campaign that follows up with the person every 3 days. you have to capture them at the right moment when they are thinking about the role. we've had success placing a stay-at-home mom absent from the workforce for 10 years. ultimately what led her to land the job was the hiring managers thought she would have a more compassionate understanding of the clientele they deal with versus the younger candidates. best of luck! 
ugh, that's depressing, i spend hours writing a good cover letter and adapting it to each potential job. i have a really non-linear background, so my cover letter is generally my selling point... what would you say is the best thing one can do to grab your attention during those 6 seconds? 
i once got "rabbi" on an aptitude test. i'm not even jewish. 
linkedin employee here. photos are **very** important. recruiters and hiring mangers are 7x more likely to look at profiles with photos than those without. 
joining a shrinking industry is definitely a challenge. media & journalism has been disrupted heavily, and since we're in an age where no one is accustomed to paying for writing, i completely sympathize. if she's been a career journalist, then she'll have to rely on recommendations rather than cold applications to get through the final round. we've seen folks pivot their media backgrounds into successful careers as marketing directors, b2b communications & strategy roles, and (more sales-y) account manager roles. pr is tricky since it involves maintaining your network, which at 58 may be too late to try. i would recommend she start branching out to companies that have a core enterprise business model (ie sells things to large companies) where they value a more experienced voice in the conference room. best of luck! 
we work with many clients who are returning to the workforce or have gaps in their work experience. it is important to mention the reasoning for any of these in both the cover letter and any warm introductory emails you send during your job search. if the gap is less than 6 months, it is fairly normal and most hiring managers will not mention it in an interview. given there are non-competes, garden leaves, and other common reasons for a gap, you'll only really need to go in depth if you are not working for over a year. 
you need to press them for information of why it died there. there are a lot of moving parts in there. it could be that you never got submitted. it could be that they were given a canned job description that isn't really what the job entails, and although you looked like a perfect fit, you weren't. it could be that the position ended up being frozen due to budget constraints. it could be that the recruiter isn't a very good recruiter, and the account manager working with the hiring manager didn't want to pass the resume along. 
put that right in your opening. that you are a qualified and certifiied etc, and looking to make an impact in an entry level a accounting... etc and just looking for a shot at proving how good you can be. as a hiring manager im a sucker for that kind of thing. 
great question. i struggled with this a lot. i ended up using other networks, such as school, and formal and informal mentors. reach out to them and ask if they know anyone in the jobs you're looking for, who you could chat with. if some of the jobs your considering require additional schooling, call them up and ask if there are any alumni who would be willing to talk with you. also sometimes linkedin can surprise you; if you check for friends of friends in an industry you're interested in, your friend could introduce you. as a last ditch effort, just cold call or email people and ask for an informational interview; it helps if you have some connection such as school, or area you're from, but even if not people can be surprisingly generous with their time (esp if you limit it to 15-20 min). 
that just sounds like cover letter with fewer steps. 
it doesn't help that job postings can be extremely vague sometimes and that there isn't much help online. 
i'm a rather shy, conflict avoidant guy, but i asked this one at my previous job. i wouldn't have gotten the job without it. all three of the executives said absolutely nothing. the fella who was in my position, but now moving up didn't think i had the technical knowledge (home construction) to be a project manager with my 6 years on the job. he said that, so i went step by step of how to build a house until he stopped me and said he was satisfied. 
can i ask you questions about this? how to get started, what do they look for in candidates, what roles are available, what degree should you have? 
depends. "able to land" shows proactiveness. "was offered" is passive and opportunistic. it boils down to what you want to show your prospective employer. 
cover email is the mail you send with your resume. i'm guessing the point is selling yourself in the email copy is more important nowadays than writing a separate letter. 
you sound like a good person to work with, glad you're out there! 
it's definitely not impossible for older job seekers to make career changes and find something new with their experience. make sure you are current - create a linkedin profile if you don't already have one and take the time to fill it out and put in a nice, professional headshot. you have a lot of work experience that can be relevant to other fields, so research the positions that you'd like to work in and emphasize how your background will help you to fulfill the requirements of the position. be prepared to be flexible in terms of payment, don't undersell yourself but realize that if you come off as an expensive hire, you may be passed over for a younger worker willing to settle for less money. finally, tap into your network, talk to friends/past colleagues or anyone you know working in the industry you're looking to change into. this can be a great help in landing a new position. 
this is an excellent question and response that i plan to use for my next interview. 
customer service can be a very difficult and demanding field, and the fact that you've kept a consistent background is a testament to your patience and perseverance. the most direct path here is to start thinking like a manager -- can you instill your practices and experiences to a team? managerial duties are very different than working on the front line, so begin to envision yourself with those responsibilities. best of luck! 
how important are photos on your linkedin profile? i don't have one. a few folks i know tell me how important they actually are to have. and if they are important, does it need to be suit and tie? casual (but work appropriate)? anything showing personality? i'm not actively looking for a new job, but i enjoy keeping my profile up to date in case any opportunities present themselves. 
one (small) issue with this is the potential to miss it if an hr rep is printing or saving applications elsewhere for the manager to review. if a cover letter is specifically requested you should format your standard email cover and include it in the same pdf as your cv. 
hi dopo, it's never too early to start the recruitment process in business school! we see candidates pounding the pavement as early as the first aug/sep of a 2 year program. one thing we do consistently see -- the location of the business school is very correlated with the success of its students in landing a job. take advantage of the network the school offers you first, as there are many relationships between the school and companies that may not be obvious to the student body. good luck! 
not op but the thing that stuck out to me most was you seem afraid of even putting your name out there. step one should be to do that, take the chance. "you miss every shot you don't take" is cliche these days, but it's true. as for standing out, being good with numbers can carry a certain weight, trust in yourself a little more. 
then don't go to school full time. take one or two (or however many you can handle) classes each semester. 
referring to webdev as "the easy kind" isn't going to ingratiate you to many folks either. keep it positive/not critical of others 
how do you reach out into a network you don't have because no one anywhere close to you does what you do? i do programming in the midwest, and not the easy webdev kind either... oh, and i'm self taught... yeah, basically the trifecta for having a hell of a time getting a job. 
this is good advice. you're not lying, but they don't need your address to be the first thing they notice, either. 
i'm sorry if this is a bit personal, but i may soon be in a similar position to you so i'm curious. did you have high grades/gpa in college? that is the only thing apart from your research experience they can evaluate you on right? 
thanks for the tip! i'm about to complete a different degree so i don't see myself going back there, but i do know a great deal of women in it who face the same issues. i'll make sure i pass that along. :) 
it's whack, i have a completely asian name and it often makes me wonder how big that was a factor during my unemployment. usa born asian roommate has western first name and when he followed up on a job he had a good interview on, hr said "we thought you weren't a citizen so we did not extend the offer." 
i'm a financial engineer who knows nothing about finance or engineering. heck yeah. :) 
that's really good to know. it's so nice that someone is reading the things we spend hours writing, instead of just throwing them out. 
were you doing anything? i have to imagine that any job would be ok to put on there with an explanation as to why there was a gap in the industry work. 
i'm a hiring manager and i look at everything in the resumes, including the cover letter, job gaps, length of employment. cover letters are great, but if your cover letter is just about: "i'm a quick learner, work well with the team..." you've just written the most inane letter ever that says nothing about you to me except that you can write adjectives. everyone can be a random list of adjectives. tell me why you want to work for me, why you would be a good hire for the position, give me examples of what you've done to bring value. 
this is interesting -- obviously the decision to change jobs is a number of personal factors (how you get along with your team, what the mission is, salary trade-offs), but as employee #1 your equity should be well-defined at an internet business. we're a ycombinator startup and there's very public information about how equity is set up and split for early employees. i would do a bit of research and have a conversation with the founders when possible. 
more likely a mark goes on your employee file that disqualifies you from getting promotions or raises, and when layoffs come you're at the top of the list. 
are you looking for something you just think you'd be good at, or something you can feel passionate about? i'm 30 and just started getting into personal development. i'm invested in the life purpose course from actualized.org but the creator of that site has thousands of free videos and there's tons of free content out there from other life coach type people. i know some people have a mental block about the whole "self-help" thing, but i'm feeling more inspired and hopeful about my life than i have since i was a kid. good luck! 
the problem with that, and the mandatory unpaid internships, is that they're gradually replacing entry routes and becoming a dead end where you volunteer/intern until you need money too badly and have to stop and then they pick up a new one. if you're lucky someone in a paid position leaves and they look at the volunteer pool, but it's not that likely. 
i wouldn't say "was able to land a position". sounds like one was actively job hunting. "was offered a position..." is more ambiguous. 
the more simple, the better. using standard fonts and formats is really important, especially nowadays with picky ats (applicant tracking systems) that throw out resumes with strange fonts or weird formatting. unless you are a graphic designer and your resume is a way to showcase your artistic talents, keep it boring. a typeface like times new roman or arial are the best options and don't use special characters or strange bullet formats. 
network with your professors. this is one of the best ways for older undergraduate students to land jobs, especially in engineering/hard sciences. because you are likely far more mature than some of your younger undergraduate counterparts, you can connect with professors or other campus faculties who may have connections either within your university for internships or work experience, or they may have external connections in companies that could help you out. they are your best resource to get started. 
make sure you go to a quiet place, have a good wi-fi connection and show up for the interview as if it was a live, in-person interview. dress professionally, make sure your hair isn't a mess and have a bright attitude. it can be strange to have an interview through the computer but make it as natural as possible by treating it as if it were an in-person interview. let your personality shine through and remember that they can still see your body language and get an idea of who you are through cyberspace. 
i would be very careful with this. our hr department came across several of our own employees who had that setting active and i was told this by my boss so the message was certainly passed on from hr to management. 
if the motivation for entering medicine has not changed, i would consider switching to the r&d side to advance the field rather than patient treatment. unfortunately, this may require a sacrifice in salary, especially in the academic or public sectors. 
fair enough, i'm in it/tech, so i suppose the network is entirely different. for my industry it's a gold-standard, though i agree it's being filled with more and more recruiters and less quality, but i suppose nowhere near as bad as finance! 
what if you know you don't want any of the jobs your family/friends have? what if you come from a background where everyone you know has minimum wage jobs? 
thank *god,* i finally found the person who accepts me for the apache helicopter i am. :) but seriously, that's awesome. keep doing what you're doing! 
that gets tiring, quickly, when you're not getting interviews 
it leads to a massive and frankly understandable bias though, "wil that health issue raise again and i'll have to rehire/pay sick leave etc". yes it's illegal but it's a massive barrier to overcome. 
so how do you get in front of the hiring managers in the software world starting out? i've applied to hundreds of jobs, talked with dozens of hr people and recruiters, done a handful of code challenges, but not a single in person interview. i don't mind getting passed up after being interviewed as long as i can come away with something to improved upon, but i can't even talk with the hiring managers to get an inteview. 
unrelated: * is lnkd going to do anything about the absolute drivel that fills my news feed? copy pasta, selfies of made-up women being liked by creepy old dudes, dumb math puzzles. * why doesn't the latest activity from my groups show in the news feed? * why do i see an article that says it's "trending in my industry," but it's totally unrelated to my industry (more likely it's about some hollywood jackass), and all the comments are from people from other industries saying it's inexplicably "trending in *their* industry." * finally, even though my profile is up to date and i've been adding new credentials, classes, etc. over time, why are my profile views down from 5+ per day two years ago to 1-2 per week now? is lnkd secretly losing page views? 
yes but those "easy one click" applications typically fill up with dozens of applications. kind of a "spray and pray" technique. 
yup, my parents both worked at the same paper and were offered buyouts at the same time. one took it, one didn't. it worked out at the time because my dad (the one who took it) was a popular sports journalist and it was very easy for him to find another position based on reputation. 
good question. since hiring is ultimately a very personal process, i believe there will generally always be room for a third party -- but yes, how the business model operates will continue to change. i would agree there is a large disconnect between what the recruiter wants and how the jobseeker views things -- after all, almost every company still cites hiring as one of their top problems even though candidates are applying in droves! 
thanks so much for your response! i will definitely pass this on to her. 
i'm also 27 and in a similar situation. i don't dislike my field, but i don't want to feel limited to it. i have about 5 years experience in finance which includes both retail banking and backshop operations. i often fantasize about working for new, modern businesses or companies that i love. the problem is that i feel my resume will be tossed in the trash when they see my experience is primarily in finance. how do i get noticed when i don't have a degree and the company isn't looking for a financial background? 
this. work in hr, and honestly can say that unless you are a nobel peace prize nominee, nepotism and networking are the things that ultimately land you the job. for college students: intern, intern, and intern. 
to echo what bravo said: the downside of the fashion industry is that it is a serious grind. we started our company in nyc and have colleagues in the industry go through fashion week 2x a year. the norm is for interns and entry-level positions to be unpaid, and if you're aiming to break in to the design side, the best thing to do is to go through the fit/parsons (school) pipeline. and as bravo mentioned, you could start as a buyer at a company like abercrombie, j crew, etc. just know that you will be valued for the business acumen, not the design skills. 
oh my god i just realized this is how my brother in law clawed his way into the tech industry 
don't let the number of potential applicants dissuade you. usually, 90 percent or more aren't candidates because of their resume not matching the actual position, their resume being of low quality, or them not meeting the minimum requirements. 
i went for a job where i did that but was told that it was 'impersonal' and didn't seem like i put any effort into writing on to show specifically why i wanted to work for that business and what i thought i would specifically be able to bring. 
i'd guess that the armed forces don't really give a shit if the $8 million tank gets fucked up. they're not supposed to make a profit, they get money from the taxpayer anyway. 
i'm involved with a startup that teaches data science online (we start with basic programming and go all the way to machine learning) - www.dataquest.io i'd encourage you to check out some of our free content and see if you like our style / approach! we've had people break into the industry and land entry - mid level jobs mostly through our platform. 
a huge number of customer facing jobs in southern california require being bilingual in either spanish or (depending on area) korean. so yeah, helps a lot for those. 
i am a recent graduate too. i have a b.s. in neurobiology and several minors in chemistry, and microbiology with 3 years of campus research experience. i have been turned down for 40+ jobs. you are not alone, i feel your pain. 
why quotes if you don't mind me asking? i've been doing it for a few years now and i still get asked if i need a visa. first line is my name, second line is contact info and the words us citizen. 
keep it concise, use appropriate ats formatting, use keywords, make sure your first bullet point under each work experience packs a punch, don't have any spelling or grammatical errors and tailor everything to the specific position you are applying to. leave off any irrelevant/extraneous experience. 
my last job search i exclusively used the linkedin jobs app. it's separate and standalone from the linkedin app, and it was phenomenal. i just saved two custom searches, sorted by new every morning, and would click my way down the list (so many one-click applications too where you essentially just send the recruiter your linkedin profile and maybe attach a formal resume). found a new job in a matter of weeks. would definitely recommend! 
a little bit of insight on how recruiters at companies think: typically jobs available for will be broken into a variation on three categories: entry (students), experienced hires, and executives. if you're a fresh grad, you are looking for entry-level positions where ideally the work experience range is 0-3 years. there is some leeway around applying to roles that are 3-5 years of experience required if you have reputable internship experience, and the years of experience are typically not a hard-and-fast rule for human reviewers, but we encourage you not to waste your time applying to the wrong job. talent acquisition staff will look for a few core things in a recent graduate's resume: skillset (education or self-learned), leadership experience, and related industry experience (extracurriculars or interests). best of luck! 
helps to display a bit of knowledge of the company too, for example; "i was impressed how company x used blah strategy to achieve that difficult goal and would be like, totes stoked to be the weak link that tanks a project like that in the future" 
that sounds like the cover letter just moved to the body of the email instead of being an attachment. 
are eastern european names really that much of a handicap? it seems that every other dentist/ police officer/ fdny in new york has a polish sounding surname with a -inski. 
manager here, i'll always assume that "few" and "several" mean 3-4 at most, otherwise you'd have used a number or stronger language. so yes, use the actual numbers. 
i'm a recruiter at a staffing agency, and would just like to add then when i'm looking at resumes for recent grads, a big thing that stands out to me is their personal projects or research projects they were involved on. there are tons of people out there with degrees - but if they can talk about those special projects and demonstrate knowledge about them, that's different! 
no idea. that's what they suggested and it seems to work, so i never questioned it. 
almost three years ago, i put a hobby on my resume. i was hired, but still am given a very hard time by coworkers about it. it was mountain biking, but they couldn't have cared less. it probably hurt me with one current coworker who didn't think i was the real deal for the first 3-6 months. eta: a corporate head hunter told me to put it on. now that i review resumes i'm not crazy about it either. one guy recently did have "iron man participant" and that was looked at favorably though. 
hi, interesting question -- for smbs, you should be able to get a sense of things 6 months before it truly goes pear-shaped and the company has difficulty making payroll. 
i don't think i am too old. its more a position i cannot afford to dedicate myself to study for a long period of time. i'll lose income plus the costs as well and i am just not at a point where i can do that freely. 
dollar amounts tend to catch the eye of a reviewer first, and i would always include them if it is not confidential information. generally it is recommended practice to include 2-3 kpis for each role, so including supplementary numbers on resources and staff is a positive! 
this is a tricky question to tackle broadly since every industry has different norms and perspectives on tenure. for example, a 12-24 month tenure in some industries (consulting, early-level investment banking & private equity, large tech) is perceived as normal, while it would be shockingly short in pharmaceuticals. our advice is generally you want to be testing your market value and opportunities for promotion constantly, but be sensitive to your industry's norms. the standard answer that does not raise eyebrows during an interview is along the lines of "i was able to land a position that offered more responsibility, opportunity and career development." 
hey, man. saw your comment and thought i'd add a few comments: first, you acknowledging (e.g., "i wish i could...") what you desire is a great start. much better than, "i'm in a downward spiral ..." second, you mentioned your wife. that gives you someone to work hard for in your daily life. i know the pressure of disappointing her is crushing (literally know that feeling...) and you wish you could make more meaningful contributions. realistically, trying to take care of yourself and your happiness/well-being is a critical contributor to her joy. read through the replies in this thread. make a list of a few things you need to do to get started (i.e., google company websites, go to the gym, etc.). i wish you the best, buddy! 
very valid comment. to add: if you watch documentaries on companies like vogue, etc that deal with high fashion all the time, you'll notice who anna wintour and the others listen to: the business guys. at the end of the day, you can have what are believed to be the best designs and layouts and stories ever, but if you don't have the business numbers and data to support it, no cover of a fashion magazine is going to save you. 
decide what it is that you want to accomplish in order to reach this feeling of fulfillment. once you have a clear understanding of what it is you need to work for, you can start to figure out which positions and companies could help you fulfill this. some people are born to be entrepreneurs and the only way to fulfill their career goals is to break out on their own and start a business. other people get a great sense of achievement from working on a team and accomplishing a lot for a greater cause like a big company. it all depends on the individual. once you have a clear idea of specifically what you need to accomplish in order to get this boost of confidence, happiness, and sense of internal growth, you can start to find positions that will help you get there. make a list of your career goals. research different companies and their missions and see which ones have values that align with your own. this is a great way to start and hopefully, you'll figure it all out a lot faster. 
yeah good luck with that, i have been to three temp agencies in the past 6 months and none of them have found me anything yet and i am a recent graduate with accounting. guess my area just blows for any kind of job that isn't part-time. 
i use it also, and it's not a paid service. it works swell. 
would you also list tentative availability, for example a 4 week start date? short of lying to the ats, thoughts on working around the system? an example: hypothetically even if i decided to leave my job and simply move to that region, assuming i don't settle down in one place initially i am still going to be asked for my address still have the same issue. even if my availability was immediate and even if i expected no relocation. either way i end up in a lie of some kind. 
i have huge gaps in my education and employment history due to illness. do i need to describe my health problems or will employers just accept a blanket "i was sick and couldn't work" without needing medical details or documentation? 
i'm just a linkedin user, but i can say my feed and experience there have been nothing llike this. in fact the recruiters adding me has become quite a nuisance in the last year! i think it depends entirely on your connections - like any other social network, if your connections post crap you see crap, and the larger the network the more stuff you see. i do share your complaint about group activity on the feed though. 
 this really, really bugs me, and i wonder if it is holding me back in my search. i have done my resume up in latex, because it looks good. in your experience, do tex-generated resumes get blocked by ats / screw up the system often? it's disappointing to hear that text-only is the default because the hiring industry relies on software crutches. "thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a human mind." great name choice, btw. ;) 
yeah, my issues were mental health based and i'm really not sure about disclosing even that to a potential employer. your strategy seems to get good though, thanks! 
hi kiranrs! interesting question...this sounds like something you would mention in a cover letter or introduction instead of your resume. are you using an objective in your resume? i would encourage you not to; professional summaries have replaced objectives over the past few years. training and professional development are highly dependent on the culture of the company. i would suggest getting through to the interview stage and then seeing if they are a good fit for you. if your background is completely unrelated to the field, you'll have to do a lot of research to properly be considered. for example, if a candidate is looking to break into the field of finance but lacks experience, he/she must write the resume to highlight tangential skillsets, informal education, and side passion projects related to finance. no doubt it is very challenging to start from scratch, but you should not mention you are completely raw and need to learn on the job! 
wouldn't it essentially be the same text in the cover letter and emails? 
software engineer here. it's hard to break into the software industry without a degree. your friend either needs to either get a computer science degree or keep on taking the courses until they are competent enough to create a few projects. if you can link a public github repo, or a website you made, an app, etc, you just don't have much credibility and most likely will get ignored when you apply. i've interviewed a lot of folks who tought themselves how to code, but the fact is that if you don't have any project work to talk about in an interview it's just not gonna happen. tldr: work on personal projects and make them public and attach them to your resume or get a degree. 
keep your best products forward, make sure your portfolio is tight, well presented and has current contacts that will remain current thru 3 years or so. let your target audience know you understand the other positions yojur work passes thru by having a little knowledge in rigging or texturing or what have you. be cool, collect a body of work that is current if you can. but always be the best and most relevant work you can make, 
you may also want to append 'or otherwise not suit the role' as you could tick all the boxes but they might not think you have the right 'feel' 
you are writting introduction letter or something like that right? id write it in there. "i have experience with programming. ive written multiple libraries in c for this and this purpose." 
recruiters can't see it when they work at the same company as the employee. however, they could see it if they worked for a subsidiary that had a different name on linkedin. i only saw a couple profiles of our employees that had the feature enabled. they worked for one of our smaller companies and i didn't flag it to hr. the group was going through a rough patch, there was a massive change in senior leadership and people were bailing. if i ever were to tell hr i suspected someone might be looking, it wouldn't be punitive. it would be more of a "this person is great and i'm surprised they're looking. what's going on that is making them want to leave, is there something we should know or be doing differently" kind of conversation. 
this is actually how i got my first real job out of college and has given me everything i have today. when i first got hired, my boss at the time said that he had interviewed dozens of people all up and down the intelligence spectrum. however, no one had eagle scout on their resume but me and it must have struck a chord. i had no business getting the job i did as i had let my skills go stale and had to learn everything on the job quickly, but being an eagle scout and putting it on the resume got me a job. 
consider a local staffing company or recruiter. with 20 years of experience, education should be an afterthought. 
tbh that sounds like it might have been an issue with the cover letter / email itself, not simply the fact that you used the same language in both. 
i went to school and got my sociology: youth studies bachelor of science degree. ideally i'd want to work with kids (maybe a counselor) but no one wants to give me experience. i did work with youth for about 6 months but employers seem to want at least 1+ year of youth experience. thank you for respond!! i've decided that i will start by redoing my resume from scratch and try to sound less desperate!! 
yeah i have a comm degree and about 8 years of experience. really glad i did a few civil engineering courses and have welding tickets because money. 
you may not be hurting yourself, but you're not helping yourself either by not having a linkedin profile, so there's that. 
i save that question as one of the final ones before you leave the interview, and i couch it like this: is there anything i've said that makes you question my ability to do this job? if so, i'd like to address that before i leave. 
if you ever decide to pursue a job in the field, i suggest looking in the academic it world. that shit does not fly at most universities. half of my co-workers, including my vp, are women. 
i'm probably the biggest failure i know. i wish i could do personal development because despite personal failure i've probably helped every person i've had as a friend go on to succeed. a buddy does rafting and hiking and climbing while working a very physical job, another is a psychiatrist that in his residency has been chosen to represent his region in washington and la twice a year. at a retail job i got a coworker to apply to the private college i dropped out of, berea, to get himself out of that situation and do what he loves. i wrestle with depression, genuinely enjoying it when i help these folks succeed, but have huge gaps in employment, an unfinished computer science degree, and a wife whose supported me but i feel so awful about not being able to help her. talk about lost. 
in june 1999, i was one of several contractors hired to go around to the various compusa headquaters buildings around dallas, go to each workstation, insert a floppy, run a batch file, and when done, go to the next machine. my official job title? y2k engineer. 
data analytics is a pretty broad term, and one reason why its hiring is because technology now knows how to save and use data for various reasons so data analyst come in and help manage the data for large companies. its not as hot as people assume, but its definitely a new and growing field. the average salary is $60,000 to $70,000. if you have any questions let me know. 
"we're sorry, but your inability to endorse this enough is the main reason why we can't hire you. maybe try a little harder to endorse it and reapply next fiscal year." 
who would want to work for such a petty company anyway? sounds like a pretty poor office culture 
echoing this, breaking into an industry is very hard. even with a phd i had a really hard time until i reached out to my network, and a friend of the family (or more like business acquantence) hired me. unfortunately that job didn't last because his daughter (my direct supervisor) was a wacko, but that's another story. it's almost like once you are in the field you are golden, no matter what. unless you are terrible i guess. 
this question itself is complex enough it could become it's own reddit thread =) i'll offer another perspective: with the average job posting receiving over 300 applications, companies have convoluted requirements on purpose -- to filter candidates. yes, it's frustrating -- but unfortunately, companies are incentivized to make it difficult to apply to a position. 
"i took some time off to look after someone in my family with a medical issue, which thankfully has resolved." 
obviously not op here but i manage recruitment for a relatively large organization. having the same text in the email and cover letter is honestly fine and it's preferred to have a "transportable" copy (e.g. pdf, word, whatever) in addition to the email cover, as opposed to assuming the email language will suffice, as the recruiter will often need to share the cover letter with the hiring manager, and only having the "email version" is a pain. 
i'd also indicate how much it impacted the business if possible (e.g. trained eight individual contributors and improved sales conversion rates by 30%). 
thank you for your input, in a way it was comforting and stressful! it's nice to know that this is (somewhat) of a normal thing! 
tailor it specifically to the position that you are applying to. make it clear and concise so that the person who reads it doesn't have to sift through irrelevant work experience in order to understand your background and decide whether or not you're suited for the position. 
of course not! search for the list of successful businessmen & women who were successful later in life -- you'll be surprised to find that is the norm, and success before 30 is the outlier. 
stay open minded, there are many opportunities out there that could seem like they are unrelated to what you want in a career, but could lead to incredible options later down the road. be prepared to work hard and show that you are interested in staying in the position for awhile - because, with the current job-hopping trend, many employers are hesitant to hire millennials if they are suspicious that they will leave within a year or two of employment. reach out to your network, this is one of the most valuable tools you have as a young job-seeker looking to break into an industry. focus on how you can make a big impact at your first employer right away - the more you can achieve in a short time, the better for making moves either up the ladder or into different, better positions. 
i'm fortunate enough to have a go-to excuse for gaps in employment and that is my parents run a small business. so on my resume i list that as the last entry under "experience" and date it as june 2000 to current. and if they ask about the gaps i can just refer to it and say i've spent that time helping my family's business which is a decent way to keep some income flowing while i search for new opportunities. 
software engineer (ie code monkey) here. very happy to ride your coattails ;) 
fyi: i'm a hiring manager (not recruiter) at a fortune 500. recruiters are just scanning quickly and sending me whoever looks halfway decent and gets past the filters like years of experience or salary expectation. once i get the candidate, i do look at any cover letters attached to the online app. a well written cover letter makes some difference to me. (i'm in marketing.) it can make someone stand out over other candidates who are essentially equal. 
it's expensive to do. your internal hr team might have access to seeing it, but unless you're applying for internal positions they probably have no reason to come across your profile. 
i've worked in 3d, i've found the easiest way to get into the industry was to have a specialist skill that is normally looked over or not very well known. 
make sure your letter is tailored to the position, using a generic cover letter format is a waste of everyone's time. highlight your relevant experience, make sure there are no grammatical or formatting errors and talk about why you really want this job. 
surnames are one thing, having a foreign spelled first name with a non english pronunciation will make you seem like an immigrant. and we apparently aren't too keen on those, historically. 
wow that's awful. so after your break, you worked 11 months for free, for the chance that it would help you find something else. 
what is a multi-touchpoint email campaign? what if they don't/never respond? wouldn't frequently bothering them hurt your chances (you'll be seen as annoying)? 
his answer from above essentially said to be very open about why you took the break. put it on your resume and and mention it in your cover email. 
one exercise we go through with candidates is identifying different family friends within your network. what professions do the people around you have? aunts, uncles, friends of your parents, older alumni from your high school or college, etc. grab a coffee or a beer with them and really pick their brain. you'd be surprised by how much people love to give advice and guidance for someone interested in their field. don't be too shy to reach out! 
i wholeheartedly agree, the hiring situation is awful. this is just one suggestion, and when i say volunteer, i mean for charities. never a company. 
white here, as well. i wanted to give my first daughter a family name (polish) but changed it to an americanized version at the last minute, specifically so her future resume wouldn't be passed over. my second daughter was to be named a "responsible" sounding name but i lost that battle, so it's her middle name. i've told her she will likely have better luck if she uses it as her first name on resumes. 
some people are too dumb to exist. i seriously wonder how these shitheads can tie their own shoes in the morning. also, they own guns 
gop during 2016 election: it's the content of the leaks that matter, not who leaked them! gop after 2016 election: it's about time to start prosecuting leakers as traitors to america, who gives a shit what the leaks contain, its all fake news from libruhl tears mainstream media anyway! 
propaghandi is timeless. anti-flag gives me middle school cafeteria flashbacks. 
i'm starting a petition to make our armed forces use freedom units moving forward, why use a base-10 numeric system when you can use a "no fucking idea how any of this converts" numeric system? 
yeah, basically. they can shout "fake news! fake news!" when called out on various inconsistencies and lies and if nothing they said was on camera, and it's their word against the press, well, their base is too fucking stupid to evaluate that correctly. 
they have to have a story. that's the 24-hour cycle. believe it or not, foxites still channel-flip, if only to "keep an eye on the enemy" (my dad and gma, lib and con respectively, admit to doing this). if they don't at least vomit up with another butterymales story, their daily score goes down along with management's frown. 
cameras don't lie, the wh wants you to think reporters do. 
that's a really good point. it's why i think it's so important to rally people who aren't involved in politics and don't vote. that 30ish percent will never abandon trump, but i'm still holding out hope that this administration will force politically apathetic people out of the shadows to stand up for democratic values. 
out here in indiana, we have two hobbies; talking about corn and waving at planes. we don't need no progressivism. 
the strange thing is that according to an economist on npr one of the ways trump could get his 3% gdp increase promise is by influxing a shit ton of immigrants. 
sounds like an excellent way to provide cover for second rate journalists to misrepresent what they're saying. then i can imagine the white house saying that it was incorrect and threaten to release recordings... then people can just foia press room recordings. what the fuck is going on with this administration? how can they be even worse than expected? 
exactly. i say this to people all the time; free speech is not there so that you can go around throwing insults freely, it's there to protect you from persecution from the government if you speak your mind against it. 
i keep trying to tell people that trump (while horrid) isn't the problem. he is merely a symptom of the problem. the problem is the gop, and the right-wing talking heads. he is literally everything they've been yelling about for years. he wasn't elected in a vacuum, he didn't just show up out of nowhere. :-/ people looked at him, listened to the drivel that he spewed, and thought "that's who i want to lead the country" -_- 
the loss was most certainly a shitstorm. but the media's complicity in that affair is easily forgotten. sure they're fighting the good fight now, but a year ago they were giving this orange turd free press. so much so that his underfunded campaign got free boosts that people like bernie never benefited from. they didn't start the dumpster fire, but they did toss in their old newspapers. 
how people cannot see the absolute hypocrisy on this and still vote for them is astounding! 
- 3 - newt acknowledged that there are no tapes, and trump was trying to 'rattle' comey. 
please do not report on this report or you will be reported. 
fast is part of the plan. by the time you realize shit is really and truly fucked it's too late. 
as it turns out, the internet didn't usher in an era of hyper-informed individuals who use all the knowledge at their fingertips to better themselves. social media in particular serves only to amplify ones personality. smart people use the web to educate themselves and be more efficient. dumb people see their idiocy reinforced, and are rewarded by whatever vote/like/share currency they participate in. you would think 20+ years into the modern internet age, people would have an idea of what's real and what's bullshit, but i guess we need more time. or it'll never happen. i don't know. 
actually it might have been russian collusion too. especially if they purged voter registrations. you can't blame it all on one single thing. hrc's loss was a perfect shit storm. 
no. knowing this country this is what will happen: there will be a ton load of republicans claiming to be 'not trump' and hence win elections. they'll claim that trump was just an insane aberration. 
they just want to be able to yell slurs without catching a side eye or a broken nose. they have little concept of what the 1st amendment actually is and what it protects. 
it's absolutely neofascism. while people are outraged and fussing over one neofascist policy, the neofascists are working behind the scenes to erode democracy in order to ram through more neofascist policies. 
in poland those protections turned out to not work at all. everything is slowly getting dismantled and most people are fine with it. :/ 
yeah but did you read what kim kardashian tweeted five minutes ago?!?! 
they were just talking about this on npr this morning. they also said a more realistic (and most optimistic) growth would be around a 2% increase over 10 years. 
the white house isn't obligated by law to allow press access. they can (and likely will) eliminate all press briefings and greatly restrict access. 
that is a dangerous thing to ask for. you know russia? they pretty much eliminated the presence of gay people in the media by saying all depictions of homosexuality, including advertisements for support groups, are propaganda, and using that old excuse of "protecting the children" to ban it. 
i'll give it that though it can be abused by bots too. 
small "l" libertarian here (because fuck idealogical purity) never supported him for a second, and the 1st amendment was and remains the most important value we have in our society. this has been a terrifying ride throughout. as an independent with libertarian leanings, this has been a terrible ride for the last 2 years. i feel like a man without a country. relevant to the topic, i should also point out that i support single payer. it's hands down the most cost efficient way for the richest country on earth to provide life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all. just putting my $0.02 out there. placing people in nice, neat little baskets isn't always the best way to view things. 
i was really happy to see how vocal mike was in support of bernie. so free artists put their time and name into something positive after their criticisms. 
i think that's still pretty far off. this isn't russia(or is it...?). if journalists start turning up dead after reporting on certain things, it's gonna raise too many questions and will surely expose the white house. those journalists who'd die would be regarded as heroes long after their death. hopefully it never comes to that though. 
and an entire political party, with all of its power and interconnections is going along with it 
what's even worse for me was finding out that the laws and protections i thought existed to keep this from happening are being used as toilet paper and half the country doesn't even care. hope is hard to come by these days personally. 
yeah that's what i was referring to. the guy they had on this morning. it was interesting because he admitted 3% is possible but was also like it's not gonna happen though. 
you aren't counting all the people who wanted to be there or the spectres currently stuck in a limbo-like dimension that are able to see our reality. 
in hindsight, it was a mistake to make the president above the law. 
there is, by definition. not that many people seem to care. 
i distinctly remember a number of people saying they couldn't even cast a vote in the primaries because their party status was changed or missing, etc. i initially laid most of that blame on hillary and the dnc, but it would be a nice thought if it turned out to be the russians instead. typing that last sentence was an interesting emotional rollercoaster. 
i mean, at that point could you not kick everyone out, lock the door, put up a "press briefin' brb" sign, throw on a 3 hour marathon of animaniacs, and call it a day? 
the nazis in germany continued to hold elections for a while after they got power. it placated the masses that things were still "normal" while the nazis consolidated power. apologies for going full godwin's law here... 
what's even scarier is that half of the country is supporting it adamantly... or just in denial? i know people who think trump is doing great things for this country and i can't believe anyone can look at the things that are going on and then, "yeah, this is good!" i'm astounded and frankly terrified. 
his son already said that donald works for the real americans and all his critics aren't really people anyway... so that's a start... 
from an outsider's perspective, this would be a good time to hit the quickload button and start all over. but in reality, that will never happen. mostly because of the change in society - a considerable portion of your fellow muricans believe in conspiracy theories (alex jones = gospel of the truth), are not able to think in a rational way (everything trump says = good; msm = evil) and just want to watch the world burn. in my country that's maybe ~10%, so these people have no power. but in yours they're all over the place. you fucked up somewhere in the past few years/decades... in education, for starters... 
it would seem so... just imagine what will happen in the aftermath of trump's reichstag. 
the aftermath of this is, if nothing changes, people with the means (well educated, in demand careers, etc.) will leave the united states. 
not trying to be pedantic or snarky, but he said "a lot". i'm inclined to think there were people who were intensely uneasy about the messages hitler and his propaganda machine were spewing, just as you have dissenting voices in any other political system i think it's just easy to retroactively paint a picture of the country as wholeheartedly in support, just as it's easy to assume that the entire nation knew of the concentration camps (they didn't). 
right? i don't give a fuck about clinton's emails, but even if i did, what does it have to do with our president being a national embaressment? 
at least bowie doesn't have to live through this presidency 
killer mike is a huge proponent of everything he talks about in his songs...but he's not just talk. he puts in work on a local and national level at times. he is a leader in his community and directly involved in making it better. he's an amazing person. 
yeah but have you seen his apartment? marble floors and gilded pillars, now that's what i call class! /s 
if they didn't have double standards, they'd have no standards. 
i have plenty family that feels the way you describe. it's a mix of apathy and hating facts they don't agree with, like climate change, or things trump has been recorded saying. when i start listing sources, all i get in response is just "but the lawyers or scientists could be lying!" and other excuses. i've given up on convincing others, they'll see how dumb they were soon enough. 
it's important to have someone you can trust with your nads 
if clinton did something illegal, she should be prosecuted like anyone else. but if our fucking president is doing much worse illegal things, that's clearly the primary investigation. 
judging by the results of the french and british elections, it seems that you guys are more apt to go to the other end of the spectrum in disgust over what happened here in the us. 
no, you know what *really* scares me? what scares me is how complicit around 37% of america is to dump the first amendment because "its muh prez!" and "librul tears!". you can stand by the bullshit policies trump wants to implement but what *no one* should be tolerating is the blatant disregard of ethical behavior from a sitting potus and a blatant disregard for the first amendment that this whole fucking administration has. 
shock doctrine. if rs learned anything under bush it was go fast and go wide. too much crazy shit going on for people to settle in and gets super pissed about one thing in particular. 
except immortal technique prides himself on being more "educated" and better overall than just about all rappers. from what i gather he wants to be so different from modern rappers yet needs to rap like a homophobe to mesh with the same scene? 
the role of the press is (primarily) to keep government accountable. can you think of anything this administration wants *less*? they aren't confused (about the press), just evil. 
that doesn't mean that any of them want to be martyrs. i'm pretty sure people on blitzer's level live a pretty cushy life. 
because fear is the basis for all of their policies, namely fear of being treated the same way they've treated others. 
they aren't watching. they are getting on with their lives, happy in the knowledge their "team" won and all will be well. 
wearing a "made in china" red hat for the irony of it 
shut the fuck up. pastor bill speaks for jesus on sundays, and jetskis for jesus on bright summer days. jesus needs his jetski. 
what, you don't think furlongs, slugs, and roods are easy to remember? why use something like "square kilometers" when you can just remember that an acre is a chain worth of furlongs? 
that phrase only applies when talking about sending our young men and women to fight land wars in middle eastern deserts to defend our freedom... i still don't know how our freedom got there, but it's there and gotten itself into trouble and needs some good ol' fashioned defendin... 
don't worry, they'll just steal another 700 billion from american taxpayers after they tank the economy again. 
he's only above the law as long as congress and the senate condone his crimes. every day that goes by republicans in congress and the senate are just as guilty as trump, flynn, and others. 
i take a little solace in the thought that the trump admin seems to be equal parts cartoonishly stupid and cartoonishly evil. orchestrating a reichstag fire is something that trump is certainly evil enough to do, but definitely not smart enough to do. 
we're losing yard signs and bumper stickers around me in texas. 
it seems to be working. none of the trump voters i know show any sign of buyers remorse and still speak of him with a level of reverent rapturous ecstasy usually reserved for children meeting a costumed mickey mouse for the first time. 
for a large part of eu stuff like these are old news,most countries had to deal with a dictatorship or a fascist goverment at some point and we came through.but the main reason i'm not that afraid that this us bs will trickle down here is that i think collectively the eu really frowns upon the corporatism and individualism that the us is built on.(excluding uk maybe,but i'm not really informed on their part) usa is a relatively new state,they are building their history now.i'm pretty positive that a hundred years down the line they'll most likely have caught up with the rest of the world. 
i remember watching with awed horror at turkey's turn last summer. just how quickly a (somewhat) democratic country could fall into a fascist dictatorship. didn't expect to go from watching it to living it quite so fast. 
my only response i get from trump supporting family is "but obama...". i don't give a shit what a obama did!! live in the fucking now! 
i won't dispute any of that, although i would have a year ago. i think there were several things that started this ball rolling, but it's rolling downhill now and likely impossible to stop. education is certainly part of the problem, but even that stems from the fact that we failed to enact meaningful campaign finance controls decades ago. once reagan was elected our downfall was inevitable. 
the fourth branch by immortal technique gets me fucking amped to say "fuck the opinion forming apparatus of america!" however, in terrifying times like these, we need this institution now more than ever for simple self-preservation. my hope is that this gauntlet will restore some dignity to america's media outlets as they begin to abandon "if it bleeds, it leads, 24 hour news/entertainment" and get back to more thorough, substantive investigative journalism. 
agreed, for the moment. sadly, the majority of brits' voters already fell for the populists' bs beforehand. 
many of us are already looking into it. you kind of have a duty to your family. this is our 1934. see the coming storm and get the fuck out if you can. 
and america's downfall continues as the powers that be make one greedy, short-sighted decision after another. 
see: nobody is talking healthcare anymore. everyone is talking about audio tapes we knew didn't exists. 
or just cancel press briefings. fuck just stop bothering with it, if you don't want anything to get out, why even do them? 
7th dimensional scrabble. you laugh at covfefe, but he used all his letters. 
witness intimidation is generally what it's called but yep, it's definitely that. 
we need to start bringing our frustrations out in the street, protesting irl and not on reddit will be the only way we'll stop these traitors. 
damnit, freedom ain't free or some stupid shit like that. 
i don't know about the germans, but i have a coworker that lived through saddam's rise to power in iraq, and he says this feels eerily similar to him. pretty terrifying. 
did you not get the sarcasm? or am i not getting the sarcasm? 
trying to "rattle" a witness about to testify? sounds like witness tampering to me. 
on bullets 3 and 5, can i know more? if i search for near things i'll be flooded with 1,3,&4 
thats why he does these things every few weeks. he thrives on the adulation. 
this is also my fear. even if we get him out, expose the lies and russia connection, undo every policy, etc, there's so many genies that are out of the bottle now. a *president* called the media enemies of the people. a *president* leveraged the office to make money. a *president* has openly opined that he's above the law. there's no series of outcomes that negates the damage to democratic institutions that has been and will continue to be done. 
i have an honest question, why is the white house even having a press briefing if reporters can't report it? 
and they are now frantically pouring gasoline everywhere, while sarah huckabee sanders tells us it's fire retardant. 
twitter is a garbage service run by a garbage company headed by garbage people that creates garbage culture. 
or basically a map at figuring out what areas of the country haven't progressed since 1882. 
which is the little but crucial error in the law. i had done a bit of reading to find major loopholes in laws, and this is one that often struck me. what happens if one party controls both executive and legislative, they can easily appoint someone as a ~~fuhrer~~ dictator. and it will be impossible to stop it by any legal means, especially since they can simply pass a law stopping courts from having any say over the government. 
it also keeps his base in line and feeling like they are winning. they are pep rallies. 
social media in general is a blight. facebook isn't any better nor is reddit (i say this hypocritically, posting here). i personally feel we're not ready for it as a society in numerous ways. 
illinoisan reporting for duty: my boss still has his trump sign up. 
nope. they're entitled. we should be honored to be paying their salary, regardless of the job they do. i hate the gop. 
dehumanizing the other side is actually a typical tool fascists use. 
was kinda wondering where he's been, that and punk bands. "trump youth" should of been a name by now 
it's happening. a reichstag is inbound at some point. 
it certainly sounds like an attempt at witness intimidation. 
we were ready on paper, but people always make profits off the margins of our fear. what better margin than the physical margins of facebook ad space? i'm a big believer in marshall mcluhan's ideas about human communication. the medium is the message and all that jazz. any method of communication we create is a two way street informed by our biological underpinnings, and at the same time, we can find ourselves with changed thought processes without even knowing it. the internet is that concept on an exponential scale of time, like an event horizon. there's no way to account for it. 
their story will be how disloyal fake news outlets like ny times, wapo, msnbc, and cnn are leaking information garnered at press briefings. 
because bots inflate user stats and the users love those big numbers even if they know deep-down they are inflated by bots. the bigger the numbers, the more users love twitter and bots use less bandwidth than real users so it's a win-win for twitter. 
except these incompetent fascists are laying the groundwork for competent ones to come along and finish the job. 
it would make sense that they get a fascist participation award. 
doesn't anyone have some extra democracy? we exported too much and can no longer function on these dwindling reserves. c'mon guys. please. 
at the very least, you can be sure that the checks and balances on presidential power that used to be conventions will be hard and fast laws as soon as any one else occupies the whitehouse. the power and influence of the presidency is going to be diminished potentially forever because of this. 
pretty much all my friends who identified as libertarians were on the trump train even before he was considered to have a reasonable chance to win the primary. no, it doesn't make sense to me either. 
they thrive on that hypocrisy like their voters thrive on blue state taxpayer money. 
check out brother ali's stuff, he just dropped a new album. 
it's more of delaying the release of information until there's very little time to review it. so, like, announcing a title belt open challenge a week in advance, only to have roman reigns' music hit 7 days later. got to contain that outcry as much as possible. 
i love how with obama we had millions of people screaming "martial law!", and now they welcome their "god emperor" with open arms. 
and it isn't just ads, it is fake/stolen content. if youtube has the technology to automatically detect stolen content from hollywood, they can detect reuploads of content on their own service to their own service. they could refuse the upload. ban channels. but they don't appear to at all, because the more content they have the more they can charge for ads. 
i honestly blame living in such a capitalistic world where websites are beholden to advertisers who manufacture outrage and fear to create clickbait that will net them revenue. there are people out there who are just milking others' emotions for profit and they need to be held accountable the the hysteric anti-intellectual environment they are fostering. even on the internet, which is basically an infinite library, the almighty dollar is worth more than truth, facts, and sanity. it's fucking shameful. 
ok then i need to start my own religion.... only we don't believe in god and don't pay taxes. actually hasn't the right been accusing science of being a religion? shouldn't everyone who performs an expierement be a pastor? 
people in texas keep their yard signs up after an election? fuck, that's dedicated. i mean, you have to move that shit every time you mow your lawn. 
gotta love the fourth estate. they're not here to kiss trump's ass. 
and not a thing will be done about it, either. go ahead and hold your breath waiting for the other party to reduce the power of the president when it's their president in office. 
this is the part that blows my mind the most. well, the combination of this, and 70 year old boomers, who previously yelled things like 'better dead than red!', who are now all pro-trump (and supposedly russia-ambivalent). 
twitter refuses to do anything about the bot issue and i don't understand why. 
they are embarrassing because they misplaced their brains. 
2018 elections will start gearing up and they're running out of time to distance themselves, if that's their plan. it will be interesting watching them spin voting for the ahca and then denouncing trump. i have no doubt they'll at least somewhat pull it off, but the spin will be crazy. e: ahca, not acha 
is that what they're calling getting blazed on oxy these days? 
yeah, i will never give so-called "conscious" rappers a pass on shit like that. if you want to advocate for the disenfranchised, i think that's great. if you come out trying to act like a man of the people while throwing another group under the bus, you can go fuck yourself. 
i think there is a hell of a difference between a report that is innacurate but was at least reported in good faith and "fake news" 
hehe, thank god american politics don't affect any other countries 
someone mentioned it in another thread, but the press needs to start hiring stenographers just for this reason. 
propagandhi finished recording a new album recently. i expect it to be *angry.* 
proudly ignorant misanthropes tend to be loathsome neighbors. 
while irritateing the left to actualy show up to the ballot box. let's see who wins. 
trump is a cancerous growth, but he's not the damaged dna that started the cancer. 
as someone who appreciates hiphop there are lots of good artists not so many heroes. 
heard the variety where the devil asks if he wants to spend an eternity covered in shit up to his neck, or up to his ankles. he says, "man, that's an easy choice! ankles!", the devil opens up the door to a lake of shit with a bunch of feet sticking up and says, "ok, dive in." 
actually saw them live the day of trumps inauguration and i was still pretty bummed about the whole thing but el-p gave some really motivational words and said that even though things are going to suck for a while, if we're strong we can survive this. 
it's been kind of eye opening finding out how many of the "laws" governing the conduct of the president turned out to be a collection of suggestions and tradition. 
they're already losing $400 million dollars a year, it's not clear to me the ads can get much more worthless either way. 
yet still exceptionally successful. this is very likely unrecoverable 
as an outsider it's hard not to laugh though. i'm so sorry guys 
youtubes been getting better since they reversed their forced real names rule. twitter is officially the biggest garbage social media community now. and much like everything else trump puts his hands on the stock looks like a playground slide from 2014 on. 
a press briefing where the press isn't "allowed" to distribute what they've been briefed on. what a fucked up world we now live in. 
it takes time, thought, and the right pictures or just be stupid good looking. 
like most say.. all openings don't seem to work so i tried something different, i just put in my profile "i don't message first but if i liked you, there is a reason for that, feel free to message me". i figured if a girl likes me enough to want to talk to me, she will just message me herself and i put that comment in there incase they are afraid to do, worked well. i started getting a bunch of girls asking me why i don't message first, met 4 women from tinder because of it. one of which is my current girlfriend :d 6months going strong :) extra pro dating tip: just fucking ask her out, give her something to look forward to, take it out the realm of the internet, if you just keep chatting bullshit together online you will both die out because you are both just text on a phone and not something real. 
it's all good man, i'm pretty occupied with wasting months if my own time haha 
times like this i'm glad i'm 43 and dated in the pre-internet real world. you kids have no idea how much better it was then and how awful all of this sounds. 
i did once. that's why i'm trying to date down the normie scale. 
nope. i work with very expensive cars and drive them often. i had a picture of me driving a very expensive sports car on my tinder profile. girls thought i saw it at a car show. i think ideally you just have your picture be the deed to your house and the registration for a lamborghini at that address. i think that would work. 
yeah but the thirsty ass motherfuckers ruin it for everybody 
hey that's an insult to 2nd-3rd tier drug-dealers everywhere! 
went to a park with one. we start walking, she literally flames me and starts asking "why do you walk weird wtf". sorry for not swinging my arms like a maniac when we are walking ~1mph! she was on her phone and i recognized the tinder ui/layout. few minutes later she just says "i have to go, bye" and just walked away. she was so horribly rude i was in shock. wasn't sure whether i should laugh at how ridiculous it was or feel bad that i basically got bullied and ditched by my "date". 
or the man could rub one out himself and double his bank account =d 
3 of my friends met their current so on tinder. one girl has been in a relationship for 3 years. my ex met 3 other girls from tinder. it's possible. however, not to give you false hope or anything... it does help to hit the gym and take pics other than mirror selfies. 
someone once described me as a 7 then corrected it to a 6.5 to account for my personality. 
that's step 2. step 1: be attractive. step 2: don't be unattractive. 
as a chick who avidly used the app for a few months and went on a few dates from it, i have to say i feel bad for the guys on there because when i checked out the female profiles just to see my competition, 99/100 had the most cliche, boring shit posted on their bio. guys profiles are usually pretty frickin witty and hilarious though. 
chances are, if those two singles would be interested in you, they'd also be interested in each other. now there's only one single left and that's you! /s 
getting matches doesn't seem to be hard. had a ton of matches when i still had tinder. but no one wants to talk. its just stupid. why match with people you aren't interested in? i get why guys do it cause if they didn't we wouldn't get any matches at all. but then women are just ignoring all their matches anyway? whats the point. 
think you are right. that is the motto for nsafinder. i forgot what fwbworld's is but i had just been seeing a ton of those lately. 
i don't know, but most of my guy friends swipe right on everyone and barely get 1-2 matches per week. 
it's probably more likely that pmme-your-tits-girl just knows how to talk to women. 
take life advice from the likes of good comedians instead. louis ck is a hilarious superstar but he went through being fat, ugly, bald, working dead-end jobs, and a marriage falling apart. 
hey man, if you're not good looking, you can compensate with funny. yay silver lining! 
whatever type was responsible for the great famine 
road teams have actually been playing better in the last few years. there's a theory that one of the reasons for it is because tinder made finding a hookup much faster so now players can get some action and still get a lot of sleep. 
he set himself on fire, and then gave the other guy a bear hug. 
this has happened to me at least 10 times. guy says he wants to try me out on his own first. 
just make them solve a fucking complex equation. afterward, tell them that's what female anatomy is like and demand an apology 
no, for tinder especially you kinda need to be attractive first. it's difficult to express wealth, humor and big cock through a selfie. unless you just make your pic a dick pic? will that get you banned? if you want wealth to carry you, you probably need to sign up for seekingarrangement.com and just flat out pay a girl to see you. (but they're not prostitutes! they promise!) 
no he's not! he's just demonstrating his value to her. that's the d in dennis. 
we know precisely how awful this all sounds, we just have no choice haha 
it made me realize i had more types than i previously thought. it also made me tired of blonde girls who are foodies and travel. 
you can be unattractive. you just need wealth, humor, and a big cock 
i'm 5'4" and this is primarily why online dating is a no go for me, sure there are short guys that get matches but i don't like my odds. 
grinder is interesting. i try to imagine how tinder would be if girls behaved like guys do on grinder. sometimes i see the advice "just be yourself", on grinder, guys are themselves, and it works. you want to fuck someone, just tell them, nobody will call you a creep or play hard to get. also, in my experience people usually do want to have sex with you regardless of your profession, income, height, etc unless there's something about you they specifically dislike. 
i just can't hide it, it looms over my entire body like the beast that it is 
i'm bi, and have dated both guys and girls, and i think you're right. this is just my personal experience, but it's so much more relaxed with guys, with girls i always get that job interview feeling, and it takes away part of the fun. 
honestly, my standard is..."would i be down to meet this girl in person, so i can better evaluate if i'm willing to have sex with them a couple of times." 
don't forget that unlike most human beings, they also love to have a good time! 
nah, i mean my birth, not the time you slept with her. 
an update must have killed a bunch of them, for me at least. a nice surprise to see 80% real people for once. either that or the bots are perfect now. 
i'll say it was more like 15 seconds, but i'll be sure to double-check with her. 
so much effort.. at that point, why not just pay escorts? 
it's terrible to get girl advice from gay guys because what works for them totally doesn't work for straight guys 
girls everywhere want to be fed and taken places, it's human nature, but some of us will suck your cock before we go. 
facts, b. i didn't realize there were this many beautiful people in the world. 
"not looking for a hookup" doesn't necessarily mean that she'll turn one down. she just doesn't want guys approaching her with that preface. if that happens, then it happens. 
and porn for women who get off on attention. it's like gonewild for women who don't want to post nudes 
holy shit, technology does improve fast. my mom had to wait 9 months for her disappointment. 
"where's your girlfriend?" "oh, she can't make it. well, shall we?" 
**wrong wrong wrong** he's completely ruining the d.e.n.n.i.s. system! 
it actually can't be erased at all! heat makes the ink transparent. if you get the paper cold enough, the ink will reappear. 
are you hitting them with the 'hey' if so, that's why 
i don't which is worse, the image or the sound that popped into my head. 
wow that must be have been hurt to just casualy browsing the singles in your area and all of the sudden you see the profile of your wife. and this after all these years of happy marriage.. 
yep tinders also a place for girls to only ever message back for there own amusement, it's the perfect dating site where men are circus monkeys for female attention 
her okcupid profile is in her post history. judging by that, i'd guess she's looking at guys out of her league. i guarantee she's getting swiped right, she just doesn't like the matches she gets. 
the kind that goes well with orange juice and cocaine 
tinder is all about being attractive and coming off as a funny, laid back guy. if you're attractive, good, you got a head start. if you're not, let your personality come through via pictures and your bio and you should be fine. my buddy is dating a girl way out of his league (not only super hot, but a fucking med student) who he met on tinder. he ain't a looker either. i have hope. 
i thought it was nsafinder, msybe the bots vary by location? 
see it all the time on the old fb feed. girls who are bonifide 8s and 9s whining about how rejection sucks and it always happens to them. i'm thinking like who the fuck won't give you the time of day? stop hitting on george clooney. 
dang....accurate. my fwb is a bi girl and *two years ago* she suggested i should look for a girl for us to share in a threesome, which is the dream for most guys. i installed tinder and other dating apps and after all this time, i've only found *one* possible lead. i never thought it'd be this hard. 
rule #1: be attractive. rule #2: don't be unattractive. 
this is good to hear. i've been very worried with professional athletes getting any action at all. 
''what makes me truly stand out?'' *i like to laugh* 
if a girl says she's an old fashioned southern girl, she's got at least two kids. 
well, he knows how to ask for their tits that's a given 
i used to write "your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter." 
"i just say 'hi.' it works everytime," says ryan gosling. 
after several girlfriends i gave up on women. i like my wallet now instead. i've decided to love myself, hire a prostitute from slovenia, get a tan, and run for office instead. 
"repeated disappointment as fast as you can swipe!" 
i think my standards are low, so i swipe right a lot. i mean, at that stage you're only asking yourself "would you have sex with her for a prolonged period of time?" (assuming you're not after one night stands). never get replies even from the women on the lower end of the point system. :| 
sorry, dude. :( you can have a month of my time. i'm not using it very well. 
no son, you can hit the bottom and start digging deeper. 
holy shit - self-immolation coupled with a direct insult. 
a friend of mine signed up on tinder and didn't get any matches. thought, his expectations are probably way too high. i took his phone and swiped right for every woman. he still didn't get any matches... :( 
you know you don't need to think of something entirely new to say to every girl right? you should reasonably have 15 conversations that you can repeat ad naseum until a girl actually starts making things interesting. thin the herd. 
considering bumble is the exact same thing now with no bots, tinder needs to watch the fuck out 
tinder is where you find out who will settle for you 
tinder actually got me in a situation like that, writing that i'm a bi girl in my profile attracted those kind of people a lot. 
the term is unicorn. i'm poly and married. lots of married couples want to share a young, attractive, bisexual woman. there aren't many young, attractive bisexual women looking for couples. so everyone is searching for a unicorn, but they're almost impossible to find. 
you're on tinder. you're trying to get laid and not find a wife. 
i'm pretty unique, i personally love to laugh. seriously, when i see this in a profile i imagine someone just sitting there in a room alone. "well, time to start laughing. ha. ha ha. ahahahahaha!" 
rock bottom is when you throw away the shovel and get a jackhammer. 
i like to come up with weird random questions to ask, like if they like burritos as much as i do. or what their favorite thai place is. or if they like ice skating. really i've tried just about anything i can think of to start a conversation. 3 girls out of like 85 have bothered talking to me. but why the fuck would you match with someone you have no interest in talking to? 
your standards are probably too high, try aiming for some elderly cats or maybe even a horse. 
why is there a d in dennis? dennis, is there something you wanna tell us? 
i wonder if they get a bus to go pick up all the matches at once to bring back to the hotel for efficiency. 
oh. this chick was just creeped out at me, i'm probably not as good looking as you. 
every single fucking profile. and of their week long traveling vacations they take a few times a year. 
the truly ironic thing is that none of alanis' examples are actually ironic. the song, itself, provides the irony. it's brilliant, if you stop to think about it. 
so stop playing with the thermal paper with my hot fries then? 
unfortunately they're sitting on millions in property alone. possibly billions in total. it's going to be a slow burn. 
i worked at domino's last year, you could pay in cash 
they either have their multi-lingual members work the hollywood branch, or they just train their hollywood branch staffers to speak multiple languages. i was there recently, and had a guy speak to me in perfect hebrew. i jokingly told him something to the effect of "oh wow, you must speak every language" to which he replied (seriously) "nah, i only know nine, but i'm working on another two". 
if you're referring to the one on 125th and 5th ave, i believe they recently closed it down and moved out. 
that's kinda the point. it's not a group, it's a movement. you can't take down the group because it's not a group. there is no leader and there will always be hackers that trying to push a political message. it's like the movie fight club but online. they aren't really the good guys, but they fight against the bad guys. 
at this point, absolutely. you've done more than most of them. anonymous's mo is going to the same website and hitting refresh over and over again. compared to that you're fucking guccifer 
you have to admit their buildings are, although empty, beautiful. i've always wanted to take a tour to see the inside, but although i would never join, they scare me. cults are no joke. 
well, sure. landscapers need to be paid. cult members don't. so after their 9-5 jobs in the real world, they go to the cos and do their menial labor. 
my understanding is that it's also the facility they use to assist in the development of superhuman abilities. 
undermining a local government is not a minor threat, as that gives (the ideologues) an official, state-sanctioned proxy arm to seriously fuck with anyone in that municipality who disagrees with them... it gives them a real court system- with full force of law- to fuck with **anyone, anywhere** who disagrees with them if they can articulate jurisdiction and haul it into that venue. the perversion of government by ideological operatives is incredibly dangerous, since it gives ideologues control over the mechanisms of government that exist with the idea that exactly those people not be in charge of that authority. a lot of special interests realized that getting federal laws passed was too hard, so they'd buy off state senates and have state laws passed to suit their interests, then try cases there, including against people who live in other places. not fun getting a summons notifying you that you're being sued in florida when you live in wyoming. 
a dutch organization fucking up the environment while campaigning for climate change got send bricks from all over the country by hundreds/thousands of people for weeks to their free mailing adress. it's an adress you can send everything for free and the receiver pays for the package (based on weight) 
as a european i have to ask: why would it be bad if they meant the kkk? (they obviously don't. even the cross in the far cry 5 trailer looks like the one of scientology. but just out of curiosity) 
i'd dig it if they could release trump's tax return 
the pizza places in my area let you opt to pay in cash unless it's a certain dollar amount. like $50 or over or something like that. i only hit the amount once and they made me prepay. but usually if it's one or two pizzas i can just pay on delivery. 
and apparently you absorb a little bit of bpa each time you handle that thermal paper 
i believe he or she was going to strike them roughly in the genitals. i don't imagine the disgusted 'ugh' implied anal sex. 
enslavement is the ultimate goal. that's why scientologists give the corporation their children to be abused, debased, programmed, and enslaved. 100% of all adult scientologists are worthless pieces of fucking dog shit. 
it's some good adviiiiiiiiiiice that you just didn't take 
the internet has completely destroyed my ability to distinguish satire 
it's like a crossover between scientology and kkk, because they're all outta blacks. 
the "growing a heart" part is just a natural part of maturity. you can't just keep doing things "for the lulz" without your own conscience getting the better of you that you're just wasting your time on asinine pursuits. you realize you need purpose, a goal, something to focus your autism towards. some way to leave your autistic mark. 
yeah chiropractors are a weird one. i went to one once for back pain and the adjustments really helped. however he also did all sorts of crazy shit like using some kind of clicker thing to "clear my emotional baggage" (did nothing) and homeopathy (also did nothing). 
usually you pre pay by card if it's a chain or through a delivery service, but in my experience little mom and pop places have the option to pay cash the door. even some delivery services you can choose to pay cash. whenever people pull tricks like that though it's just the little restaurants that suffer. the recipient would just turn them away and say they didn't order it and the restaurant would have to eat the cost of good and time. 
sorry we're closed, we sent out brian with 340 pizzas and he's not going to get back until sunday night. 
waco. cults and fbi, exploding factories, killer bees, baylor scandals, and hgtv. having fun yet? 
"because it wasn't finished printing when the ink ran out, jimmy." 
as much as i dont necessarly hate what anon does from time to time, they are still doing unlawful things, and as much as i hate cos and other shitty organizations.. anon shouldnt be doing this shit. 
yeah after they lost all that money on ink anyway 
just go inside and see, they're not going to kidnap you. i went inside to see earlier this year, it was amazingly clean. other religious institutes got nothing on it when it comes to building designs. i got curious and left their tour area and went into member only area. they sell all these weird gadget to gauge your soul level. i tried to get them to explain what it is but couldn't understand a thing. they also ask defensive questions while being super friendly on the surface, prob just posture they got from being attacked by the media. but it was still very creepy that their body language doesn't match with things they're saying 
and the birth of a new scientology division! we'll call it... scientonerology! 
ah, damn, that one does look a lot nicer than the one that was on 5th ave, which looked like a small office. really hope they get the f*** out of harlem soon! 
nah, 125th and 2(?)nd either 2nd or first. it's right by the bridge to randall's island 
yea i don't approve of everything they do but i definitely lean pro-anonymous. 
no, i'm sure you were all sat round giving each other massages & smoking weed. friggin **finals** week though?? they certainly know how to pick the wheat from the chaff. or should that be the other way round? i think they're in the business of brainwashing the chaff! 
didn't the city recently buy up some property so the cos wouldn't get their hands on it? we used to vacation in clearwater and my dad lives there now. i love the city and i'm glad they're actively standing up to scientologists trying to take over. 
then when you come home you notice that you forgot to switch the default printer and the entire house is smeared with black ink and thousands of paper sheets. that is the exact same moment someone rings your doorbell and you open it, hearing the words: "hi, we're from scientology. we would like to have a little talk about how we can improve your life!" 
my apologies fellow sea org member may your thetans always be excised and your thoughts unpoisoned by the evil ~~barbarian~~ ~~hun~~ ~~jew~~ ~~communist~~ supressive person. 
ah, that's the part i was missing. i don't order pizza a whole lot, but all the places i've ordered from require you to pay in advance. 
the misconception behind the site is that anyone is really acting with a group mentality and not just a bunch of individuals doing stupid shit 
it was one of the largest infiltrations of the united states government in history 
they force people to confess that they're undergoing the kidnapping and near slavery voluntarily therefore the church cannot get in legal trouble. 
as a former person who logics, they probably didn't send hundreds of pizzas across europe from a single shop. 
if they come at you again online, screenshot it and post to a heavily trafficked sub. i bet you get thousands of people that would help you, some of which actually would know how. 
just search scientology, sort by top/all time and pick one of the 30 headlines, make sure it's been a month or so, then you're golden. 
from what i've heard from people wayyyyy more interested in cs than i, this is unlikely. 
then again, is there such a thing as a legit fax? i refuse to provide my work fax number to anyone. 
"the internet interprets censorship as 'damage' and simply routes around it." 
because they had enough money to become an official religion. 
nah, it's all by credit card through an app or by phone. you can tip at the door, but even tipping a guy for hundreds of pizzas seemed like a fair trade in exchange for, you know, getting hundreds of pizzas. :p 
anecdotal but when my family went to clearwater on vacation a while back it was really eerie. anyone dressed like one of their recruiters got insanely deferential treatment, you'd basically see the crowd part around them as they walked, and when we took a boat tour of the city someone asked about the scientology center and the previously affable tour guide suddenly got very robotic and started talking about how much they were helping the city. we didn't see much of it but whenever scientology was obvious it was like people went through insane lengths to avoid giving any offense at all. 
i thought they were only qualified as a religion because they criminally coerced the irs into labeling them as such so they would be tax exempt. i'm sure they get money in all kinds of ways, but definitely a lot and perhaps most by donations/dues. 
do you mean to say xenu's overlordship isn't a glorious culture? 
as a former pizza guy, that store was probably out of dough for a day or two and pissed about it. 
you'd find astounding that hubbard mandated everything done by telex. so they *still* use telex 
there are definitely local pockets of culture here and there that are much healthier! in my experience those are not the norm, and it's rather frowned upon by the organization as a whole. 
that...doesn't sound like how you meant it...probably. 
"and why is this fax different from all other faxes?" 
and people are mad that far cry 5 is about killing religious nuts, because "that doesn't happen in the usa at all". it's truly freaky that an organisation like that can find enough roots to plant its tree. 
those street names are amazing, almost there, very very, way out, 1 way, zig zag way, zig zag way, nut cracker... 
maxim #66 all serve a purpose even in death. maxim #420 all things can be made into a bong even my enemy's skull. 
they've taken down lots of child pornography sites. 
the lot i believe you refer to belonged to the aquarium and lies just between the flag base main building (ex-fort harrison hotel) and town hall. had scientology got it, it would have further alienated the place. there wasn't really a fight since the aquarium definitely did not want to sell to scios. i'm not sure what the city has planned for the lot though 
i guess they realized that their money is just as green as ours 
i once 'hacked' one of those radio voting contests for a friend by using proxies to change my ip everytime i cast a vote in their favour. is that cool enough for anonymous? 
really? you can't order a pizza and pay with cash at your door? that kind of sucks. 
i swear i could watch gordon ramsay television all day everyday 
members of the cult were convinced to sue individual members of the investigating party (fbi maybe can't remember, don't quote that part) so they had to be careful 
that's where their "gold base" is. a lot of the high ranking "clergy" operate out of there. it's one of their many locations where they hold members prisoner as well. 
you know they don't pay for the pizza right? that's the point 
any random person can make these videos and upload them and pretend to speak for everyone else involved in it. i guess that's the price you pay for anonymity 
gawker, the site that refused to take down the hulk hogan sex tape and went full retard screaming at people for sharing jlaws nudes. 
i've only seen outrage over outrage about far cry 5. lots of talk about angry people without any angry people.. 
your brief career was plagued by a distinct lack of anonymity. 
all it would take is for one person to step forward and claim they were coerced, no? how can the system allow for such a blind spot? 
thank you. i just want it out of my life and to not have to think about them. 
wait wait, he *told* them that he wanted the money to buy himself a new jet?! 
ugh, i remember those. they came by my university during finals week and tested to see if we had any stress. 
it looks like an rv park for retirees. so unemployed street kind of makes sense. i would guess they let the residents vote on the names of the streets, since it is a private community. the planning dept or city council probably just said fuck it and let them adopt the names. 
this gets said everytime the song is brought but it's simply not true. obviously some of the examples are complete trash but some are also truly ironic 
gen viii probably since next up in remakes is diamond and pearl and it's gen vii right now. 
maxim #29: "the enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. no more, no less." 
it could actually be a number of things. ink, toner, and thermal paper were all used at one point or another. 
i hope the collapse quickly, they are toxic, just like several other groups 
what's telex? said every fucking person born after 1980. 
watching the star wars special makes joining scientology seem like the better option. hell, it's one of the only things to justify the use of the phrase "worse than hitler" 
what does counter strike have to do with anything? 
"damnit! how am i supposed to ascend to level two if i don't have enough money to pay for it!" 
yeah i bet they have their a+ game around the hollywood offices. fucking vultures. we've got enough religions. at least the others can claim a heritage and culture and not the ravings of a bad sci fi writer. 
ugh - someone try and touch me is going to have a hard time walking afterwards. that's gross. 
although thinking about it, it might have been several smaller orders from individuals, seeing as though anonymous aren't an organised group (as such) 
unfortunately, the church of scientology is very real 
were you able to tell, by looking, who was a scientologist or not? 
it goes further than the money. it's a very functional place to keep their money, but it it also is powerful propaganda for scientologists. hubbard went to great lengths to emphasize the importance of "expanding" the church. "expansion" (more members) is used as a catch-all metric for the successes of the church as a whole. after all, of scientology and dianetics actually work, they would have millions of members( and not the 25k-50k estimated by academics and former members). that means if they aren't constantly opening new buildings, they must be failing. if they open a few new "orgs" every year, they can pretend they're succeeding, and dupe the remaining membership to keep donating more. check out any "ideal org" fundraising material on google images. "expansion" is on almost every poster/flyer meant for existing membership going back for years. 
i could be wrong, but i haven't seen any outrage about far cry 5. i don't think anyone aligns themselves with the people in that game. 
i was lurking /b/ when this happened. this was mentioned. and i assume was done. 
i'm a member of anonymous. i quit anonymous. that was fun. 
most of us know it's bad but are still surprised that a lot of celebrities here joined them. every time i'm in hollywood and walk by the cos, i'm pretty disgusted by it, i'm sure others here are to. 
then their midichlorians werent high enough anyway 
if i recall, his excuse for doing so was so that his church could do missionary/humanitarian trips. unsurprisingly, people were quick to point out the numerous aircraft he could buy for the same price of the gulfstream which were cheaper and better suited to supposed countries in need of humanitarian aid. 
sorry brian but you know the rules. those pizzas come out of your wage. 
and the prequels will always exist. the christmas special cannot be undone. they will never go away. 
i doubt most migrant workers are here on visas. however "the illegal immigrants i've hired for slave wages won't speak english" isn't going to help him with the authorities. 
definitely billions. they own like half of downtown clearwater, fl. 
my sister would do the same thing...add an "o" to the end. she worked at a tex-mex restaurant where the kitchen was all mexicans. they restaurant had a breakfast taco named "pete's taco." she told the kitchen, "neccesito dos pitos." (adding an "o" to the end of pete) they busted out laughing and this continued for weeks until a new kitchen guy ruined their fun by telling her that she was asking for penises. 
then we hit them with so you believe the president shouldf never be hold accountable for anything, then play clips of them attacking obamna 
i wonder what carlin would say if he were still around to witness all this. i know that it would be hysterical, if nothing else. 
this. republicans don't care about our country. they care about their party and they are willing to harm the country in order to help their party. it's a shame that isn't considered treason. even in the kindest sense, it's disloyal to our country. 
the trump white house is plenty patriotic. just for the wrong country. (russia) 
yeah, according to the article, this isn't at all illegal. just unbelievably stupid for foreign relations/working with other country's intelligence agencies. 
~~newton's third law: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.~~ trump's first law: for every action, statement, or tweet, there is an equal and opposite tweet. 
we don't want a trade war! just stop being all crazy! 
people were saying this shit during the campaign. that he's totally unstable and cannot be trusted with information like that. but whatever, emails, i guess. 
i can tell you the vast majority of the people i know who voted for him still support him. 
this is actually just a modernisation of how newspapers have worked for centuries; that's what the sports and lifestyle, and back in the day society sections are for. serious journalism has never been a big earner for papers. 
my guess is that buzzfeed news is full of young reporters who are hungry and have nothing to lose. big firms may be still playing the "access journalism" game and don't push too hard. 
"a proper journalism team now poached from buzzfeed" what a world we live in. 
they'll bury their head in the sand or tell you that he's the president so he can share what he wants. 
thank you. and this is it. this is all there is to trump. i'm tired of people - on the right and left - pretending this man is playing 3d chess, or has some ulterior motives or whatever. no. this is all the man is. he has repeatedly said he makes decisions based on instinct. that's it. trump wants to look big and powerful. every thing he says and does is to look powerful. he's able to spew lies and flip flop on the spot with no hesitation because words don't *mean* anything to him; words are just tools for him to look powerful. words are tools. you either win or lose. in every interaction, trump picks the words that will make him win. trump is 100% instinct and 100% power hungry. that is it. 
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "that's classified." 
can you guys please invade... like seriously, i'll even start liking hockey 
i heard on npr the photographer was not present during the meeting itself. please trust me, despite my username. i picked it as a joke and every time i make a serious comment i really really wish i hadn't done it. 
the "real leaks" that have led to all the fake news has greatly reassured me over the past 5 months. clearly, if they see something that is wrong at the top, they (the ic and possibly fbi) leak to make the public aware of whats happening. true patriots. 
this is absolutely not politics as usual. those people are very uninformed. 
friday news in this administration has been pretty exciting in the sense that nuclear war would be exciting in a certain light. 
he's literally using being the president of the united states to *look* powerful. because that's who he is, and who he's always been: obsessed with looking rich, with not just being successful but being *seen* as successful, and then, after going bankrupt, with being seen as the greatest businessman ever in the make-believe world of reality tv. he has no concept of using power for good, or even using power for anything other than making sure other people know he has power. that's the actual, real president of the united states; a guy who leaks secrets because they're worthless to him. because even when he has something as valuable as classified information, it doesn't matter to him unless other people know he has it. 
trump *is* playing chess, and he falls for every sacrifice. "what do you mean i lost?! i just took your queen, for god's sake!" 
especially when their propaganda against hillary clinton was fear of what she'd do in power since she's "corrupt" and a "war-monger." you don't get to have training wheels or take mulligans on getting people murdered because you're a national security liability and a hypocrite. the gop is forever tainted by being complicit to this evil. 
yup. then we can get this impeachment process started asap. 
and, "wouldn't it be nice if we were friends with russia" 
he's so pissed that all he can do is stand there stunned as he votes with the president on every damn issue. 
reading that trump nuked north korean would actually surprise me **less** at this point. 
well, they were already cutting trump's admin off from info, or at least thinking about it...this just confirms that they should. jesus. 
"and then he told us! he just *told* us! can you believe this guy?" "yep." 
the sitting on every chair like a toilet thing can't be unseen either. 
by far the funniest thing snl has had in months.. and of course it's completely fucking true 
yea, i'm gonna go ahead and need every republican congressman to watch replays of them bitching and moaning over the dangers of hillary's emails, then go ahead and have them explain why this shit is ok. 
i'm an american, and i feel bad for you that you don't like hockey anyway. 
which is not to be confused with trump's razor: "when trying to explain whatever trump did...he did it for the dumbest possible reason." 
the republicans in senate and house should have a hearing to find out who leaked this to wapo s 
should probably adjust it to be in hours if we ever intend on getting it off of 0 
i'm a canadian living here. it's... quite the experience. i feel like i'm on a plane slowly divebombing into the ocean and i'm looking at my passport like it's a goddamn eject seat going "now? do i wait? how late is too late before i get the fuck out?" 
maybe they're implicated too. they took dark donor money from a lot of places. what if some of it was foreign sourced? that's the only reason i can see paul ryan not wanting to stab trump in the chest after the shit trump pulled on him in the primaries. 
trump could literally be caught taking a wad of cash from putin in exchange for policy decisions and republicans in congress won't see "reason to investigate." they're all corrupt; they're all craven. vote them out. 
he probably needs to say that to limit the damage as much as possible, not to cover for trump. 
lifelong liberal here, but i have lots of family that i always considered to be thoughtful, responsible republicans. we could actually have civil discussions and disagreements. i miss republicans like that, and sincerely believe that our democracy is strengthened when there are different viewpoints that have to be sorted out via our electoral process. but the current incarnation of the republican party is just surreal to me. they seem rabidly hateful, dishonest, irrational, fanatic...all really terrifying qualities. i honestly can't understand why or how they got to this place and why they'd allow someone like trump to represent their principles and collective voice. it's caused me to lose a lot of faith in many of my fellow americans. your post cheered me up a tiny bit. best wishes to you 
it's so sad that this made me laugh, but also i could absolutely believe that this is how it went down. 
does it bother anyone else that plankton doesn't just remember the formula after he stole it in the spongebob movie? 
the comey firing literally got mccain to vote down a bill that was anti-environment. i wonder if this will spark him to do something else? 
trudeau didn't fall for his handshake games. he's out for revenge. 
from reading the article it appears he mentioned all this just to brag about what kind of great intel he gets. he may have ruined our relationship with key middle east allies just to look cool. i'm honestly not sure which is scarier. if he did it on purpose or just to show off. 
i'm pretty much expecting it. he's got to be pretty desperate for a manufactured distraction by this point. 
what? former presidents keep getting intelligence briefings? that sounds hard to believe. why would that be? what's the need? 
evidentally he needs to shoot someone on fifth ave before someone will notice. i am at a loss here. 
yeah, i agree. i kind of want some of those things to be true but if he leaves office and doesn't brag about knowing this stuff within a few years we can probably lay a lot of that stuff to rest. that is, unless he was purposely kept from learning some things because he's a known big mouth. 
well id say so, considering the fbi itself has already stopped sharing information with the whitehouse about its investigation. when not even your own institutions trust you, its hard to make a case for why outside ones should. 
honestly no direct offense meant, but what was the last good argument made by republicans. everything i can remember them doing in recent history (at a national level, i don't have enough insight into all locals) has involved scare tactics, religious dogma, and outright lies? 
i'd bet you are right on the second guess. he just wants to be loved so much that he would give away the nuclear codes if he got a pat on the back and a "good boy". 
no need to wait on "soon." i saw lewis black live last month. he's already amassed a treasure trove of material from this shit. i laughed. i cried. i left more disgruntled than ever. good times. 
uninsured baby with pre-existing condition? mercy killing. he saved it and the family from a lifetime of debt and disease. duh. 
did..did his advisors and lawyers get him to shut the fuck up and not draw attention to a forthcoming wapo piece? 
great guy. doing wonders for america. the more i hear about him the more i realize, history, right? 
no way - he pissed off a gypsy and no matter where he falls asleep he wakes up in virginia 30 minutes before a briefing. 
john mccain is unfortunately from my state. he's like the cool grandpa that you love because he's your grandpa, but does stupid fucking things and supports stupid fucking things because sometimes his wife (the republican party) tells him to. i'm still livid over him supporting devos, yet flip flopping and giving trump lip whenever he thinks it will score him points. 
it was a liberal baby with pre-existing conditions. 
funny thing is, christianity owes a lot to sun-worshipping religions and cults from persia, asia minor, greece, and egypt...so... 
this feels a little like putin cashing in. after seeing the comey business, he knows trump isn't going to stick around - so, in the meantime, enable trump to do as much damage to our foreign relations as possible. make a farce of our security protocols, and dissolve the trust other nations have in us. all the actions surrounding the meeting illustrate that - bringing equipment and agents directly into the oval office, releasing photographs to embarrass the administration, and extracting classified secrets to further embarrass the administration and the intel community. this looks like the tail end of things, but we probably haven't seen the worst of it yet. 
yeah wasn't the only "valid" concern how here carelessness *could* have led to important information getting out? rather than actually getting out? 
yes, let's hang up on the pm of australia and refuse to shake merkel's hand, but cozy up to turkey, egypt, and the philippines. i don't want my country's foreign policy dictated by a man who has a hard-on for authoritarians. 
if mcmaster is covering for trump it is hugely disappointing. 
if the best thing that can be said about trump is "he's not doing treasonous things on purpose" its still grounds for impeachment. that being said, the "oops i'm too stupid to realize what i'm doing is bad" excuse doesn't fly with me. 
they use their click bait bullshit to pull in money to pay for their news arm they poach serious journalist to build credibility. 
this is insanity. not only does he have no clue how bad the russia thing is, he thought it was no big deal just to blab state secrets to a foreign ambassador. i don't know what the technical definition of treason is but this bullshit is more than enough for my standard. 
at least i don't have to wonder what would happen if you gave a 5 y/o the most powerful position on earth. 
yep. it's 4d chess ok? his supporters have absolutely no responsibility to think critically because their fandom actually relies on them *celebrating* the fact that they don't understand his behavior. 
yeah. right before the end of humanity they put on a nice flourish! 
i know you were being sarcastic, but clinton didn't even share classified info. people discussed things that were retroactively labeled classified, but there's no evidence that any of it was hacked or shared with people who weren't supposed to have access to it. 
the mere possibility that hillary may have inadvertently let hackers access declassified call sheets on her email servers - emails which would have definitely been accessed had she used the state servers which we knew for a fact were hacked - sent these people into a frothing rage. so they elected someone who straight up gives russia actually classified information... what the fuck is wrong with this country. 
the gop's base is so brainwashed that at this point, literally nothing trump does will matter to them. 
it's like groundhog day, but instead of the day repeating somehow trump has made things progressively worse each time. 
and possibly got the us cut out of the loop because now our allies know for a fact he can't be trusted to keep secret information from putin. that's a huge blow to our national security. 
way worse. he just compromised an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation. voluntarily. 
i know there have to be others like me who can see that what is going on is wrong on so many levels. 
hey, sometimes i'm genuinely curious as to which frozen pizza brand is best, or what happens if you put a taco in a cheeseburger. these guys make sacrifices to increase the common knowledge for our species. 
for his die hard teenage idiot supporters? never, it's a cult, they're devoted to him like he's a god. for the older diehard supporters? not until they personally get fucked over. 
with a side of "fake news anonymous sources wapo is lamestream liberal media and also the real story here is how did this leak?" 
i remember reading that and thinking, "i can see how you came to that conclusion but that is utterly stupid and completely devoid of any and all critical thinking skills." 
this getting out *is* the ic revolt. it had to come from the people at the cia and nsa doing damage control. 
so that's why he raises them weird. impressions of him seem a lot more mean-spirited to me now. 
don't worry, he's going after canada on softwood, a battle america has lost over and over. but russia is a true friend! 
he got off easy. usually they just ban and delete. 
i really need a televised special for him. he's the embodiment of anger that i can't ever let out. plus it's funny so it always stings less. 
i could break my own legs with a baseball bat if i want, that doesn't mean it's a good idea. 
i doubt it. this is probably a "big move" that they will praise him for 
the *washington post* newsroom is filled with patriots. the trump white house is not. 
isn't that what we thought after nixon? i quoted obama's faith in the american people during the last election. now i'm quoting george carlin (originally h.l. mencken, thanks everyone), that no one has ever gone broke betting against the intelligence of the american people. 
remember when this type high level espionage thing happened on park benches, anonymous hotel rooms, parking garages at night, etc..? really takes stupid balls to do it so obvious and in the open. 
[*trump takes million dollar bribe from russia and orders fbi to assassinate russian dissidents living in new york.*] john mccain: "i find this somewhat troubling." 
well, somebody must have told him obama was an effective president, 'cause he sure seems to be trying to do the opposite. 
seriously. have you read buzzfeed news recently? it's... weirdly respectable and competent. 
and the russians are like "i don't believe you. why don't you tell us?" 
he had been awfully quiet given the ongoing bad headlines. i was expecting daily tweetstorms. wonder if this was why spicey was so subdued today. 
25 points to go? pfff, it's just the start of the second quarter and all their guys are gassed. we got thi--wait, what are they doing? *they're replacing the refs!* **are you guys seeing this?!** what the hell man, stop the match! 
good news: that list is short enough that trump himself could likely read it from start to finish. and it doesn't look like it's gonna get longer anytime soon. 
it's crazy, i've almost begun to enjoy my weekly dose of treason. i mean i watched c-span for literally the first time in my *life* last week! that's how hungry i am for it. 
this news on friday: wow and we thought monday was crazy! 
you didn't vote for him but are still able to acknowledge he does (some )good? can we have more people like you down here? i dont think the gop was happy about a single thing obama did, at any point, even when he did exactly what they wanted. 
after demolishing the official paper trail the white house spent so much time fabricating in a single interview, someone is probably very cross with him. probably holding his twitter password hostage again. 
we will be fine. this isn't russia, the stakeholders in government won't be murdered. the arms of the government are dealing with this, and while it's going slower than any of us would like, it's actually moving very rapidly. he will destroy himself and the gop is going to get annihilated for years to come over this. 
hopefully this forces the intelligence agencies into rapid action to get trump the fuck out of the oval office. if they know that the global network of information sharing that they've been developing for the last century is at risk they might look to speed things up a bit. 
i don't know where you're from but help us, please. 
i keep hearing "politics as usual" from people. it drives me nuts, i'm as jaded and cynical as the next person, but i know this shit is pretty unprecedented. or at the very least it's unprecedented that they blundered so fucking bad that they're getting caught red-handed. 
yep. the potus can do whatever he wants with classified info but our allies will stop sharing it with us if they don't trust us to be responsible with it. 
as an american living up north, i've informed my family that i will not cross that border until he's out of office. 
i imagine lewis black will have decent material soon. 
lav: "vlad, what tech did you use to so completely overthrow trump's mind?" vlad: "nothing" 
the people who cling to this traitor are like the shit stuck to your shoe. even if it's wiped off, it's still shit. 
up north. not much we can do outside our milk embargo for now, but we all wish you the best of luck. america is a lovely country. 
a blue tidal wave in 2018. that is what it will take. 
"he's like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot." is my personal favourite. 
my favorite from the soccer sketch is: "that man's nose must be *absolutely* devastated! it's gonna look like a witch that flew her broom into her nose and then crashed into a hammer!" 
on top of that, if the snail is so smart, why can't it be reasoned with? it is sentient after all, and i'm sure the snail doesn't want to be thrown into a black hole... 
half the work is in the presentation and the bit that's sorta glossed over (seeing how people live with their ghosts) would be more than a short amount 
and for fuck's sake don't add the garlic at the same time as the onions. overcooking garlic leads to a very unpleasant taste and smell 
same here: i got fired from wal-mart because i sucker punched an old crippled lady, with a poor baby on her arms, right in the throat for absolutely nothing. that wasn't my best day! 
i fell on one of them fences once. i got locked in the backyard by my brother and had to climb the fence to get out. i made it onto a second story window sill on the other side, and then i slipped. instead of taking a two story fall i decided that i would try to jump back over the fence and only fall a bit over two meters. i made it halfway over the fence and impaled my leg on it just above my knee. i was hanging there yelling out for help and it felt like ages before someone came. was lucky to miss the artery in my leg. still have a scar there. 
i keep up with tons of different dancers and styles. i've followed mj my entire life. what i've found is that most of the new funk style/pop dancers are reliant on special sounds in the songs to "highlight" their moves. also, their moves are all kind of planned. don't get me wrong, there are some amazing dancers out there and i'd never take that away from them (being a dancer myself). however, michael was the music. outside of the choreographed sections michael never repeated the same moves. i've watched 100's of his concerts and never does he perform the same setups. it's baffling and the magic is that he really was one with music. this is something i think most audience members pick up subconsciously. they're aware that there is magic there but they can't grasp what it is. michael isn't counting the beats or planning the steps. he's simply letting the music guide him. dancers come and go. great dancers are emulated. michael, michael was another level. 
floating in space alone for eternity. not like end of the universe eternity but even when space and time are no longer things you would still be there. where there is i have no idea but that sounds absolutely horrifying. i think i'd keep the snail in an accessible location, absurdly secured but still accessible for when the universe becomes so inhospitable i will want to leave it. 
i thought the point was to wallow in post-season misery 
"look at him beg for mercy when it's mercy that should be begging for him!" 
i got fired from my families nathans for telling an old lady i'd punch her in the face if she spit at me. we rented space at a wal-mart and the district manager heard the half of the conversation where i threatened an old lady. he called my dad who owned it and told him his half of the story and that they needed to fire that employee or they'd break the lease. that was a bad day. 
so all you gotta do is come to a deal and shake on it, right? 
it's insane. it gets a biiit clearer for me when i take into account that it has a lot to do with everything above his waist being perfectly still except for the arms, and head slightly leaned forward that adds to the whole wtf effect when he's moonwalking, but even with that into account, it's just sick. 
well if they were to make a movie, you just spoiled the ending!! 
some people sadly probably don't associate fries with the vegetable they come from. you get kids who won't believe burgers once walked the field, crapping and mooing. 
"can't believe you were worried about *me* gaying up the place" 
yeah. i think a lot of what happened was due to the grand daughter. she didn't exactly hang around a great crowd, then the money hit. all the articles i've seen satirize the small wv town. well it's not really that small. the specific town he lived was unincorporated, but is in one of the top 5 affluent counties in the state. she went to a aaa high school that had multiple state championship titles. the cheapest house in our neighborhood is around $220k and goes up to around $500k. 
probably. he was older, and naive. he was lonely and thought she loved him. i'm not sure if the courts sided with him or not. either way, it sucks to have someone you love divorce you for your money, and tie you up in court so you can't enjoy the money/time you have left. 
if they gave him pants we wouldn't be jabbering about cup noodles right now, would we? 
eh, it used to be the secure version of reddit when reddit was not https and i just copied these links from an old post. 
i am not familiar with us laws, but how would a pre-nup work in this case? could he have protected most of his assets? 
well true, but then again - my grandmother repeatedly wrote entire emails in the subject line, so you never know with old folk 
by reading that i just figured out that i'm in love with someone. fuck? 
my neighbor won 18 million. he was older, and his wife had died years previously. he was a very low key millionaire. he lived in a modest, unkempt house. the only thing i saw him buy was a new truck. he was lonely, and married a waitress at his favorite diner. soon after she filed for divorce to get half of his money. he was tied up in courts for years. i moved not long after, so am not sure what the outcome was. i felt bad for the guy. 
yea but they couldn't give it pants? they had to go all check out my cup of balls and this cup of noodles. 
"productions" is so 2002 it's just "dog running on lake" now. 
still can't believe how shitty the divorce laws are that you can marry and divorce in a short time and be entitled to any money at all, let alone half of it. who's fucking idea was that? 
fuuuck... i'm never moving again.. i'm on 60 acres in a rural area with no neighbors and was my wife's grandparents' place.. i shudder to think of ever having a mortgage again. 
aaaaand shit-skull will just beat you up inside of the bus instead of actually getting out. 
now if i could have some advice on how to accidentally gain a large amount of money. 
i did a podcast with reddit about it, it's on the "upvoted" sub. it tells you everything you need to know about it, i would link you but i'm on mobile. i'm sure someone will help out and link it! 
how the hell can you not find it when you saved it? 
how do you deal with other people wanting to come in? 
yeah, i find that as i become more familiar with any particular girl i just generally find them more attractive over time, even if upon first meeting them i may have thought otherwise. 
i swear the commentators make these sketches so much funnier. the soccer one is great too. 
sounds like what he needed was to gtfo the town he was in. 
except the one where everything is the dream of an imaginative dog... that'd be awesome 
when you fall for someone's personality everything about them becomes more beautiful 
what if the real snail paid the decoy to follow him around? 
let's not get unrealistic. the rules clearly state that only the supersnail is intelligent. how would this decoy snail understand currency? clearly it's a robot built by the killer snail. 
one of those "came here for the funny porn but learned how to make stir fry" kinda threads. 
that's a very cool story! are you still in contact with the girl? 
the fact that the title says: "i made a giant kinder surprise for my girlfriend's birthday" implies... success. 
he's a registered politician. he represents an official political party. 
man, imagine if your ship gets destroyed somehow and you are flung into space with nothing but the tungsten sphere to keep you company. exposed to endless torture with your only means of escape sealed within a prison of your own making, and with nothing but your teeth and nails to work your way through. 
who's a tough guy? who's the toughest guy? want some fighties? oh yeah you do. let's get some fighties outside! 
i think that makes sense. come to some mutually beneficial compromise. besides, it's super-intelligent and if we're both immortal. i do not want to curse some super-intelligent being to an eternity of being imprisoned. beyond that, everybody else we know will die and it will just be us. that seems lonely. finally, and this has been brought up, if it ever comes time where this existence becomes something you want to shed but cannot (remember, eternity is a long time), maybe that is perhaps an option to keep close at hand. 
please tell me i'm not the only one who misread funny 
love at first sight is a myth. love grows. how can you love someone you don't know? 
i know. but you found it important/interesting/inspirational enough to share it with all of us, and i happened to find it in the deep comments here. because of that, i now have it. and yes, i saved that shit. thank you again. 
i've never seen anyone use that before, that's how i used to get around my company's internet filter, good times. 
the dirt on it suggests that they just found it somewhere and started playing with it 
pretty sure this'll be reposted even after guardians of the galaxy 3. 
it says, "we gotta make him a real redditor!" for anyone wondering. 
it had around 22k upvotes when i first saw and upvoted it. now is below 7k. bots? dunno, i'm not a reddit expert. can someone who's more informed on the issue please enlighten me? 
we humans only leak when our bodies are pierced by the spears of our enemies, like the ogaphons of percei 6, which i hate as all humans do. 
you know, they say if you mention u/gallowboob three times in one thread, a repost of his will make it to the front page. 
plus not everyone sees all posts. i don't know how many times i've seen something cool for the first time only to see the comments are flooded with people complaining how many times it's been reposted. 
hi. i'm still surprised by how well it was received. lol, an ama on me would be the most boring ama ever. :) 
just basic motion tracking a point in the video and parenting it to the text. 
yes and the few frames before it says something about "use it correctly". really well done. 
reddit itself has algorithms that lower the upvote count of popular posts so that r/all always has fresh content 
around mid 21,000 or low 22,000. it's a shame, this is high quality post and was going to in the top of all time. 
is reddit where thechive gets its employees as well? content is definitely taken from here. 
do i have to know who jan michel vincent is to get this joke? 
i refuse to sign an order allowing more than...8....jan michael vincents 
lol, i'm rooting for you because you put as much effort into getting last comment as i did making the gif. probably just one more week to go, buddy. :) 
yeah but 20k? 10k is definitely impressive but 20k is insane. 
yes and no. gotta remember he's a plant. he's a new shoot from the same roots. or a cutting, maybe. same plant, but also a new plant. it makes perfect sense in my head. 
why are people so hesitant and afraid to give op credit in their reposts anyway? do they think that will reduce their karma somehow? 
can you imagine how much child support he has to pay? 
did you try turning it off and turning it back on again? 
check it again in a few hours. reddits algorithm will probably put it back down to 10-15k 
yup, packing up. deleting account. removing bookmark. clearing all related cache. blocking ip. this will how i choose to remember reddit. 
dude it was at 22,000. something is wacky as shit here. there is no way that many people came and downvoted this! 
for this much karma, i'd make a new account about pp! 
doesn't that mean he might have clones everywhere and not know it? 
i think that's kind of bullshit if they have an algorithm doing this, because it's fucks up the top posts of all time. 
eh, do we know for sure that vol 2 takes place more than a few hours after the first one? i haven't seen anything to suggest a significant amount of time has passed. 
iirc from the comics, its a new groot but he retains all his memories from past groots. 
couldnt remember. thought he was dragon/water due to the fact he looks like the way japanese and other asian cultures detail their dragons as flying snakes 
i think an interesting scenario to compare it to would be if you got an exact clone created from you that's exactly identical and even has your memories up until the clone was made. now, once the clone is made, the 2 of you will experience different things, and assuming your minds aren't linked or anything, the 2 of you are 2 separate entities with different emotions. so if you died for instance, there would only now be the clone, but since you died, it's not really you that's feeling those emotions of the living clone. now just remove the step in the cloning process where you live, and instead imagine you dying as the clone is created. if you were different from the clone before, i imagine that would be the case now too. then again, this still doesn't answer the question of what you are, other than saying an exact replica with your memories isn't. 
it's not that they're afraid, it's that they (often) just don't give a shit 
i caught a caught a shiny magikarp 2 days ago and evolved it into a gyarados but it still had terrible moves, so i looked through my tms to see what i could teach it and surprisingly it can learn fire blast. 
i wish more people i knew watched it, it's fucking hilarious. enjoy. 
yeah they could do that but that would make people happy and no one wants that 
i have upvoted almost every comment, but that's just one upvote. i can't account for the others, though. :) 
this is like the 5th post i've seen in a week over 10k. reddit is either bigger than ever, or hive-mindier than ever. or, more likely, both. oh, and don't get me wrong, this is a great post; i upvoted too. 
holy fucking fuck darth jar jar just fell down and died 
oh hell yeah. honestly it shouldn't decay at all, they need a system with how many upvotes/hour it gets, so if it is still popular, then keep it on the front page. but making us lose our precious karma that we rightfully deserve (if it's oc only) then it's kind of like taxing us for creativity. 
that's a strange way of doing it when they could just weigh the votes but still keep the "approximately this many people upvoted it" metric somewhat useful. 
yeah we don't know how long it's been. though i hope they change things for the movie. baby groot is an adorable character, and fans would be bummed if he fully "grew up" pretty early in the film 
when starlord says "hey pp, no one cares!" op's username is u/ih8mypp 
disney can sell a lot more merch if he stays baby groot 
someone said it is an algorithm to drop old content off of popular sub 
now it's 17k. did several thousand people downvote it? :-( 
i used to love the chive, until i realized almost everything on there is from here, just 3 days later. well, except the girls that write kcco across their bewbs... 
i fucking hate karma decay, its a nonsense way of keeping the front page fresh, but if people are still that happy with this post it should not be decayed until people are fucking done with it. doesn't exactly motivate people to contribute to this shit system. 
they only wanted one dragon type in gen 1. they made him into a flying sea serpent i guess. 
i'm still a bit confused, is baby groot the same groot but a new spawn? or did the og groot die and this is sapling is sort of his son? 
am i the only one reading ops comments and think wtf man you got a crackhead that broke into your house and your reaction is to say wrong house ??? so you mean the dude is probably breaking into the wrong house because you were cool with the neighbors and homeless people ??? 
i'm so glad you're doing better! i'm not at all a religious person but i have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community. 
...yes, that's true, but doesn't really compare. the joe-schmo sipping coffee in a cafe is far less likely to shoot you than the guy pointing a gun at you. 
i would actually, probably be pretty hilarious to murder. you'd be all stabbing me to death with this stupid, serious look on your face and i'd gurgle in my own blood and say, "hey, you missed an organ." 
thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. i see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst i think they're up to is smoking weed. that's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. we were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. lucky no one died. 
i think op admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. used to run a pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). when he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him. 
i guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. i'm in a similar situation- i moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! i never have any trouble and i can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. living the dream. 
i think you may know what i mean. but dude is a decent lick. the homeless dude is probably plotting right now remembering his habits looking for the perfect time. but honestly, i don't think this is op realizing his prejudices after being in a bad neighborhood. i think is is op realisingbhis prejudices after living the in a predominantly minority area. i mean, what hood do you know that doesn't have bars on the ground level windows already? 
the sister of the lady next door called animal control on that kitty this week! that totally counters my previous sentiments about how nice it is that we all care for that kitty. she doesn't even live here. when i found out i was all like, "snitches get stitches, sha'neice." 
lol i was there last summer. walked from downtown to otr's main strip. that was fine. then i walked to rheingeist. that was...interesting. 
some homeless people are ok. my friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. they chose the life they lead. others were probably insane. many homeless are veterans with psychological issues. just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why i would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions. 
anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation. there's not much difference there. 
i'm not trying to describe the republican party. i'm trying to describe the actions of the elected republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal republican base tends to exhibit. 
that's a beautiful story. re: bad neighborhood though, i typically judge a neighborhood based on the murder and burglary rates, so having a murder at the neighborhood's entrance would certainly concern me. 
i know! i don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." the fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me. 
it's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". i worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. there is constant crime, people are on the community fb page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, i mean it's insane. 
i agree. your entire comment was the perspective i was talking about. 
my gf generally feels the same as me but often feels like i'm too nice. she has the "if you give a mouse a cookie" philosophy whereas i'm the type to go out of my way to help someone without thinking of the long term consequences. and while time often proves her right she never says, "i told you so." she much prefers the informality of the phrase, "told ya." also, i think la is probably a harsher place to live. you can have a job in la that would garner you a nice house in atlanta, but leaves you in poverty due to the cost of living in la. that means the disparity between the haves and have nots is just much greater in la. 
"they should just work harder, you make your own luck in america." seems to be the general attitude 
there's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the us. i was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood i realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. black, hispanic, or indian. and my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. it's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. economic class is everything. 
most chronically homeless have mental illnesses and substance addiction. those people are not safe to just "be around." some may be (until they start getting desperate for their next fix), but it's not worth taking unnecessary risks. 
yup. op just got lucky. that place will probably become gentrified in a dozen years. 
i am glad op had such a good experience but much like you, i had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". there was a general rule in the town i lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. they were right. one time i came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. another time, i came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. there were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. when kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. great for op to have had a good experience but i refuse to go through this again so i will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on. 
more dangerous for the homeless, not the homeowners. even walking down the sidewalk can get you swarmed by cops in some cases. also, there was a time years ago when i associated with a lot of wealthy people. the actual run of the mill non-violent crime, especially drugs, in rich neighborhoods is every bit as high as it is in poor neighborhoods. it's just much more invisible with far less police presents constantly harassing them. though years ago a friend of mine, the son of the city manager, got raided. which means they raided the city managers house. not much happened to him though. 
yea. lower income neighborhood =/= ghetto. i live in a poor-ish neighborhood but it's just exactly that, where poor people live. ghettos are where shootings and crime happens on the daily. 
real talk, op doesn't live in the ghetto. listening to the media talk about ferguson, mo like it was compton was infuriating. if you think ferguson is ghetto than martin luther king and north garrison will make your hair stand up. 
i just read through all of this, and i can say without a shadow of a doubt that you three are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome, guys. 
a lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. it gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. i have been mistaken for indian, hispanic, and black, so i frequently feel the side eye. 
yeah, i live in the "bad" part of town and i love my apartment and being close to everything, and i don't plan on moving soon. but, i'm finding myself being envious of the house my sister and her husband just bought in the suburbs. it would be nice walk outside of my building and not see vomit or urine or used needles and getting hit up for change or smokes every 10 feet. 
i've heard the phrase, "don't shit where you eat," but i thought that was just something my mom said to scold my brother for pooping on the dinner table. 
it's one of my favorites because if the music. great animated film! 
i fucking love that movie. it has an awesome soundtrack. 
then i have a much more severe case. i have a scar running all along both feet. it's not a bad scar, though. so even with surgery she will be ok. 
that's right man, you *don't* know about that guy, he probably knows tons of rich poor people! 
regardless, i'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house. 
perhaps. my next door neighbor sells weed. a couple weeks ago i answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. i told them they were looking for sha'niece next door. they thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "oh, i wouldn't, why did you even? what? no. don't worry." i replied. then i realized he only said that because i am white. it was the first time i was a victim of prejudice. i was pretty excited. it was just like when i got my first pimple. i was so stoked to oxycute it. 
lol have you never worked with or around the homeless before? 
yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. i think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here. 
i have to say, i feel lucky too being a large white guy. i'm only about 6' but at 300 lbs, of not all fat, i also don't look like the kind of person people would like to mess with. i always wonder if it had a significant impact on people leaving me alone. tbh i did notice a lot of white people who had a problem with it too, but they tend to keep it to themselves to a greater degree. a lot of older white folks were pretty "disturbed" they just also didn't tend to say anything or glare for long. they were more of the type for quietly talking about you behind a hand lol. 
this is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. i live cincinnati and just north of downtown in otr is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that i would definitely call safe, but i would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district 
sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. that's the difference. 
don't know about you, but every poor person i've ever met was poor. 
oh, you will, you're just new so it throws people off. just say good morning or something to the neighbors every so often if you see them and wish them a good day or someshit and you'll be fine. 
exactly. anyone who suggests having money is just as bad as not having it, as i interpreted the op saying, doesn't have a very realistic view of the world. 
yep this. i live right on the edge of the bad parts. in that grey area of slightly ok but occasionally sketchy parts. 
never underestimate the stupidity of your average teenager. 
movies like boyz in the hood and blood in blood out are pretty accurate depictions of young life in south central and east la at the time. things have changed(murder rate and violent crimes plummeted), but there's still areas and people you want to avoid if you can. old ways die hard 
could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? for the homeless or the homeowners? legal action like... foreclosure? divorce? 
"especially when it's waving a razor sharp hunting knife in your eye." 
i got the not hotdog app on my phone and i constantly find excuses to make my girlfriend groan and test the app. we were in line at the gas station last week behind a guy buying a hotdog. i loaded up the app, grabbed his shoulder, and said, "hang on. let me verify this for you." i snapped a picture and it came up hotdog. i showed him, the clerk, and my girlfriend. everyone involved was so confused except my gf who wanted to disappear and disown me. it was hilarious to me. occasionally since i'll grab her hand while she's about to take a bite of something. she'll be caught off guard until i pull out the phone, snap a pic, and say, "yep, not hotdog," after which she groans and probably questions why she's even with me to begin with. 
yeah. people are shocked that i jog in my neighborhood alone, but it's a safe middle-class neighborhood with an elementary school in it and a median income of 100k. the most dangerous thing i've encountered here are my next-door-neighbors' yappy little dogs. it's not sketchy at all, it's just brown. 
it's not just perspective though, i think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods. op lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. i lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. during those days, anyone who i spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. by the time i moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live. it's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. it's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs. 
lol i love how you make this post trying to claim that the ghetto isn't bad and everyone doesn't like it because it's "less white", but pretty much everyone in this thread who's lived in these areas is saying it's absolutely terrible. confirmation bias at it's finest lol 
that's interesting. in my city, the "wood streets" are the nice ones that everyone wants to live on. 
so i have club feet, too. i just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. i had surgeries, i had the casts, and i had the special shoes. i barely remember all of that. as an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. heck, i barely remember myself! it only really comes up when i run too far or swim too much. and even then its only pain like what i imagine arthritis is like. heck, i even ran a half marathon! ...thought i'll never do that again! 
fair enough. the congressmen would at least say they're operating under the more compassionate principle, but i can't deny that their actions often speak otherwise, and you're not wrong about the vocal republicans. 
this is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs i've heard. desperate people do desperate things. it's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community? 
they're not puppies. if he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it. 
that's awesome. that's what we're hoping for. right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. thankfully she doesn't even surgery. it's been as mild as i could have hoped for. 
it's just perspective. i moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. in the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. it's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. everyone i talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. i think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. so i wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. though there are certain areas on the outskirts that i wouldn't want to go late at night. 
thanks, dude. :) i am religious but i think the song just has a lot going for it on a general human level. not being religious doesn't mean the world has to be seen as hopeless and devoid of meaning. we may define it, but i think it's worth believing in that bigger picture because it's something beautiful 
i think the big difference, though, is that rich people can appear to not be overly laden with wealth. they can drive a modest car, they can dress modestly. they can never mention that they have more money than the average person. poor people can't do that. they buy the clothes that they can afford, drive the car that they can afford, and live in the house/apt that they can afford. that changes the dynamic quite a bit. don't want to be judged as a snobby entitled prick? the easiest way to do that is don't wear the uniform. but don't want to come across as "low-rent" (to use your mom's phrase)? nothing you can do because you don't have the resources to change how you appear. 
the thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. you get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go. 
lmao holy shit you're crazy. i'd do it with an elevator... not stairs or a ladder. 
so, i think you're joking, but this comment is pretty insensitive. you're not "a victim of prejudice" because someone who was trying to do something illegal asked you not to call the cops. and to be all giddy and happy about being discriminated against makes you seem privileged and unaware of real struggle. 
why is it that "i have [race] friends" is a common defense when someone is accused of being racist? i think it's because just chillin can help anyone overcome racial prejudice. 
that's how we found out. it's not nearly as big of a deal as you'd think. at most surgery. our daughter wore a full leg cast on her club foot for about 5-6 weeks, she was 2 weeks when she started. now she wears some boots and ponseti brace at night. she's fine with it. i was only worried about surgery, because how to do comfort an infant after surgery? stay strong, and like i said for her appointments we meet all sorts. one kid couldn't even use a wheelchair so his parents pulled him along in a wagon. he was 10. i don't know what his problems were, but he said his spine was all twisted and bent up. just a shell of a body. even if her club foot was awful it's still better than that. if you need anything drop me a line. i'm happy to talk and help. 
poverty in general stays with you forever. too lazy to find the source again, but poverty makes detectable structural changes in the brain. 
yep. i hear gunshots often, and regularly see police responding to calls but never actively patrolling. never felt the need to buy a gun before i moved here, but now my roommates and i each keep one in our rooms and we have a "what to do if you have to defend yourself or your home" card on the fridge. the neighbors are all super nice, but i'm sure they all have weapons in their houses as well (though that's pretty much everyone in this town tbh) 
i live near the bad area. there's shootings, murders, and stuff that happen in my neighborhood, though i live right on the edge of it on a main road, so i never see any of it. but for real, just because i don't see it doesn't make it a better area. you just get used to it. 
i just read through all of this, an i can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. stay positive and stay awesome guys. 
its ironic that i had a lot of people walking through the woods in my backyard growing up in a nice area. it was simply the neighborhood cutthrough, that most of the kids in the area knew about. one time i walked out my door and there was a group of kids in my class filming a forensics project... 
one single murder does not mean dangerous at all. it could be a neighborhood of 100,000 people. 
"fuck you i got mine". a lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way. 
so i'll go ahead and say it. what was he doing for 3 hours? in 3 hours an incredible amount of fire can be put down, way more than what is needed for 103 dead and wounded. do we know if he was out of ammo? 3 hours is just such a long time in a firefight 
i work closely with a bunch of muslims in the military. i'm lucky that i live in a very international town that is friendly to everyone because i imagine they'd have a bad time in most of the country. stay safe. 
i remember watching a fascinating documentary about it. they had one of the spetsnaz soldiers talking about why it went so badly - the emergency personnel just left the unconscious people on their backs on the pavement once the raid had been carried out. the spetsnaz guys were dashing like madmen trying to put people on their sides in recovery positions and were furious the people they had just saved were dying needlessly. 
an off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 am. two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff. 
they don't need direct contact in fact they prefer not to risk it. they just put out tons of information about who, what, where and how to carry out attacks and recently told people to step up attacks for ramadan. 
i'm so going to hear about this at school tomorrow. like paris all over again. 
him and the other 20 people densely packed in that alley, had the shooter found them they would have had no chance. it was an awful, awful thing but nobody knows what they would really do in a situation like that. 
it's so weird how one little decision can mean life or death 
awesome work from the off duty officer, even though he didn't get him, i'm assuming some people were able to escape during their firefight. just hope he doesn't feel at fault for not being able to stop him. 
probably is. how many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? gotta get disheartening 
if r/news isn't going to do its job, it's up to the most popular subreddits (like this one) to pick it up so the most people possible will be aware. thanks for doing the right thing. 
thanks for your kindness. we need to stick together. 
just...just keep your br- keep your brain in your head, man...it'll be alright...dude. 
pride month has always been a bleak reminder (stonewall), but i do agree, so many years later to have this time punctuated by this event is heartbreaking. 
probably because they'll be either sikhs or gurkhas. both ideal company in faecal-impact-related turbine failures. 
for some reason, that i can't even explain, when i heard that the orlando mayor declared a state of emergency it really sunk in. it's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. from the things i read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live. it's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy. 
he honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. it's something i really admire about him. especially when he spoke about sandy hook, i felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president. 
the gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. they didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious. 
i'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. you see a lot of shit in 8 years as prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck" 
i'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism. 
yes! not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood. 
it's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency. 
officers rescued at least 30 individuals in the club. 
thanks for the clarification...that sounds a lot better than one guy closing and barricading the door behind him....sucks to hear either way for sure...god what a terrible tragedy. my thoughts are very much with all the victims and families for sure...today my heart aches. 
i don't even think it's a matter of "could" as much as i bet they "would". i can't describe how much i love this idea. 
usually they designate a family member or something like that. it's just like what sadam did for palestinian suicide bombers in the 90s. they go boom, he pai'd the family 
there were a lot of things i did not want to ask. this was definitely on that list. it was hard enough having to know what was happening, i didn't want to know the details. i didn't want to know what people were having to do with their loved ones' posessions. i didn't want to know a goddamn thing about how hard the human tragedy was hitting everyone around me, because i was 19 and was not prepared in any way to deal with something like that. 
donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on. 
well we wouldn't want to offend anyone by criticizing islam would we? better to censor all discussion about the ~~greatest~~ largest mass shooting in u.s. history. edit - a word because some people don't know that great doesn't always imply good 
and someone higher up stated it was hispanic night at the club.. so you can add another contentious aspect to your list. 
i'm not even trying to be insensitive. as a gay man, this is terrifying to me. it's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend. 
amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like red cross and blood donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them. 
angry about two guys kissing in miami? you may as well get angry about the sun shining in miami. what a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch. 
something similar happened when the nightclub fire in brazil happened in 2013. this is probably even more straining for any helpers. 
i live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, i'm glad your friend is safe. 
according to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. i'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence. 
we could always order stuff from amazon prime now for them. get them what they need. 
my girlfriends parents (seniors) heard about this before i saw it on reddit. 
it probably was his intent to some degree. he obviously wanted to scare/hurt the gay community, and force them out of the public eye. screw that though. we as a nation and world need to make sure not to give creepy crazy people like this too much power. it is fully within their rights to think being gay is evil, and it is fully in their rights to express that verbally. just as it is within my rights to think they are idiots. but when someone on any side crosses the line into violence people from every side need to band together to defend and protect the victims. 
tragedy strengthens our bond, and through that bond we find strength. 
who was the shooter? what was so significant about him? 
i'm glad you're safe. something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... i couldn't even imagine. 
i'm sure amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea 
thank you for this. my sister is a critical care nurse at ormc and she lives only a few miles from pulse. the day they worked today was long and the days to come will be too. my sister just wants everyone to know that ormc is a level one trauma center for a reason, and they were prepared for handling tragedy like this, and she is glad for it. hearing from her about surgeries in hallways gave me chills. i'm glad i'm not the only one thinking of them. also tijuana flats gave them all dinner so they've got that going for them, which is nice. 
can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. i mean when i get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that i think it might be. but as president of the united states oh my god could be anything. 
i can see they're actively removing threads for it... 
i don't understand. why are the mods censoring? like, what are they gaining from it? thanks 
they were deleting comments of people telling others to donate blood in the area as well. 
thank you for that. feels sometimes like everyone hates all of us, even though we're also horrified at these acts. 
thank you, anything helps! i think a lot of blood centers have reached capacity and recommends making an appointment for later this week. but they could definitely use the food and water. 
"hey man, i know this looks bad but you'll be fine. you just gotta keep your head up." 
i've heard gunshots before and i've gotten used to the routine. close your curtain, turn off your lights, and stay away from the windows. but i remember the first time it happened, i was like 6 or 7 and it's absolutely terrifying. i can't imagine what it would be like to live your whole life only relatively peacefully only for a massacre to happen around the corner 
to be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, i'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake 
before he got into the pressroom they said this was the 15th time he has had to make a statement about a mass shooting. 
that is a *great* recommendation that i never would have thought of. 
facebook has a cool safety check feature that can tell you if your friends have marked themselves "safe". it might be worth checking out if you have people you haven't heard from. 
i'm so sorry please let us know when you hear something 
his own parents said they believe the motivation was anti-gay. 
fbi seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack 
yeah, i was talking about this with a friend earlier. one of the victims in norway died a few days after the attack. it's definitely a possibility here, though hopefully they all pull through. 
people think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates. when lincoln and douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both. 
correct, i believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time. 
i think it's because he feels so powerless. this is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. he has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. he knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't. 
i hadn't thought of the impact those noises would have on the surviving firefighters. they absolutely would have known what that noise was and would have done anything to help them. 
i don't know about you but i'm blaming the guy with a gun 
as another frenchman here. stay strong. we stand with you. i can barely imagine the dread and anger you must be feeling. i have only sadness and compassion for you guys. 
i've lived in orlando off and on my whole life, five years solid i've lived here now, this is by far the most tragic thing i've ever witnessed. maybe because i'm older now and i can relate better, but the more the reports are finalized and the numbers sure up it's just horrifying to imagine these poor people. he didn't strike until 2 am and bars close at 3 so all of these people are trapped and likely totally inebriated by then. the dj posted on fb that there was a gunman in the bar for everyone to run and get out of pulse. i can't imagine the confusion as 300 people try to flee. 
i dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated. 
not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. if you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks. 
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. shame. 
how do you claim your isis mega-reward when you're dead? 
if he is actually a member of isis, then the bastard gets what he wants. the greater the divide between ordinary muslims and the west, the better for isis. if he is just some moronic idiot who hated gays, then yes he is just some incompetent evil idiot. 
i didn't yet but i will now. what email address did you send to? or did you just use the contact us link? 
i live in orlando, have ab positive, regularly donate plasma at the same center and i called in asking if they wanted me to come in. they set an appointment with me for tomorrow. don't go down to one today as they are overwhelmed at the moment. call and set an appointment for later in the week. 
throwing out the baby with the bathwater. gays, guns, muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm. 
dude, shitting on people's families is *nothing.* in 1856 rep. preston brooks got pissed off about senator charles sumner's abolitionist speeches and tried to **beat him to death** right on the senate floor while rep. laurence keitt held off intervening senators with a pistol. sumner didn't recover from the mental trauma for over two years, and massachusetts re-elected him in this time so his empty chair would be a symbol of inspiration and defiance. sumner's beating and the dramatically different response to it on the two axes of the country was a *huge* factor in building up the inevitable civil war. then in 1858 keitt started a brawl during open session of the house, with some 50 congressmen joining the fight. etc. etc. congress and the current presidential debates are pretty freaking mellow compared federal government in the 1800s. 
it's damned if you do and damned if you don't. if the police had charged in immediately and the guy had, for example, blown himself up and killed another 50 people... they'd be blamed for going in too fast. 
hey neighbor. you're lucky you weren't here. it was terrifying 
also the same thing described by firefighters at the kiss nightclub fire in santa maria, brazil, where about 240 people died. 
people will say "you can't blame them." but i am totally blaming them. 
it was pretty amazing, we got offered so many bottles of water and umbrellas while we waited! 
while your statement is correct, this is the deadliest mass shooting in the u.s., ever. 
to have to face the public knowing that nothing you can say will bring back those 49 innocent civilians (death toll is 50 but includes the shooter), that's rough. i struggle to find the words to write in a sympathy card when someone i know loses a family member. i can't imagine being in a position of power where i could *potentially* stop things like this from happening and where the general public expects me to prevent things like this from happening, but knowing damn well these things will keep on happening no matter what i say or do. then there are the critics who will swoop in after his speech to say he was too emotional or not emotional enough or this or that. like, what do you even say? what can you even do when something so terrible just happened with no warning and the country is looking at you for answers? i do not want to be president. ever. 
i worked in the mortgage division of a bank at the time and about 3 or so of our applicants died on 9/11. normal protocol is to send a letter for withdrawal due to inactivity but i couldn't do it. their spouses and family members didn't need to see another reminder of lives cut short. i made a copy of the letter for their files and tossed the originals. rip 
but the second price died they were all up on it. this is one of the deadliest terrorist attack on u.s. soil and what the fuck? 
the turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a sikh. so that everyone who see can see that said person is a skih. 
hairline looks the same in both to me, just the first he has a comb-over masking that forehead puff. 
it depends. if it's an active shooter, they charge in asap. if it's a hostage situation, they try to negotiate. it seems like this was one masquerading as the other. they followed protocols for hostage-situation when the shooter had no intention to keep survivors. 
target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in south downtown did the same. 
they even have power transmission towers shaped like mickey mouse. 
my guess is that they delete any comment mentioning islam. only a guess, though. can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments. 
i live in tampa and my girlfriend and i recently went to pride. it terrifies me that these places we have deemed safe, to escape from the homophobia and intolerance, have been targeted in such a specific way as to scare us from some of the only places we found acceptance in. what if it were here, an hour away? what if my gf and i had gone out last night, and ended up in the same situation? all because of who we love. i know everyone says to stay strong and don't have fear or change your ways of living, but maybe i'm not that strong. maybe this shit shakes me to the core. a calculated, homophobic, hateful attack on innocent people who just want to be accepted for who they are. 
unfortunately, a lot of people think the turban is a muslim thing. 
"honestly, if i were two-faced, would i be showing you this one?" - abraham lincoln in response to an accusation by stephen douglas 
as an american who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. i am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in paris. 
i mean, most victims of islamic extremism are muslims. that's a fact that frequently gets overlooked or ignored. 
also thank you to the amazing transfusion service laboratory technologists! 
a mass terrorist shooting in orlando is a nightmare scenario, since it has so many theme parks. 
too many colors and shapes. i can't tell what's supposed to be what. 
i strongly suspect this is an isis-fan terrorism attack. he probably had no actual ties to isis, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy. 
you know what it's still unreal to me sometimes. you forget it happened. and some morning it hits you and you're in hell. so so strange. thanks for the kinds words. 
i think i will. prime now can deliver in 2 hours. even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials. this can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly. 
yea i can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases. 
that is actually a genius idea. you should submit it to them. no joke. the only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. but i'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this. 
that must have been incredibly tragic. i hope you're doing well. 
cookies come to mind. and if you're in the area, you can make those! my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this. 
our thoughts and hopes are with you, friend. reading your comment gave me a different perspective. previously this was a tragedy that happened hundreds of miles and an ocean away from me so there was a natural separation for me. seeing the fear and hope in your words has truly brought this closer to me. i'm not properly explaining myself, but i hope you are ok and i hope your friend is safe. 
an absolute boat loads of gerrymandered to heck and 100% safe. 
he also didn't show his new head of dhs. we thought there was a problem with transparency before? now even the people in charge of enforcing shit are out of the loop. 
tell that to people being kicked out that wouldn't have a few days ago. i mean understand there is a very real difference, but eos still have real effect on people's lives. 
alex jones has finally exposed himself as the "controlled opposition" many accused him of over the years. the dude is literally making up news now about how trump's approval ratings are higher than they were 1 week ago, and how everything main stream media is saying are all lies. alex jones is going all fucking in on trump. he's no longer a conspiracy nut, he's a propaganda mouthpiece for trump. 
is it fucked up that i would happily take president underwood over trump, knowing full well how underwood got to be where he is? 
honestly, even when obama made an order that was being obstructed by congress et al, i didn't see anyone wanting complete and utter loyalty to the president, rather that they wished there were less republicans in control to obstruct what obama wanted. i feel as if trump supporters have this ill-informed notion of what exactly liberals as a whole were complaining about and are using that view as a means of "getting their turn", despite the majority of liberals never even wanting a turn. 
very bad. presidential cabinet positions exist to advise the president. trump did not allow her to see the executive order before issuing it. 
plot twist: he says tomorrow he won't defend the ban either and gets fired as well. 
ssshh. don't tell the_donald. obama was already deporting more people with criminal records than previous presidents. 
don't worry, they'll find a way to victimize themselves one way or another. 
that is because texas does not really want the wall. 
exactly. a trump supporters i'm friends with on facebook lauded this act and trump's executive orders as the beginning of a revolution.... (in a positive sense) 
it's such an arbitrary thing. i don't get it at all. i asked the sane when i read his 100 day plan. why would you arbitrarily limit yourself to eliminating 2 regulations every time you want to enact one? eventually you're eliminating stuff that shouldn't or doesn't need elimination because you tired your own hands. 
especially how texas voted in the presidential election, it shows how much people really didn't like trump. and that number is only increasing in parts around the state 
soon any and all voices of reason will be replaced by yes men. then, presumably, he starts nuking everything. 
they're aware, they often quote that. well, that and drone strikes. 
until they are struck down by the supreme court, for all practical purposes in people's lives, they are laws. 
grimes will forever be the person i most identified with on that show. 
he also bounced a bunch of people off of the us security council, as in more or less everyone from the military that you know, likely should know about that shit? goood times. 
do you want the donald news or the donald news? the donald news...? you're hiv donald. :( ... ? :) ... :( ... :) ? 
yep. purge the system and deregulate as much as possible. president bannon and king trump have a plan! 
or because he didnt know he was supposed to because he has no idea how government works. that's the funnier option i guess. and not unlikely. 
this is tremendously true. people get tremendously wrapped up in the tremendous way trump speaks. they just don't understand how tremendously the man trys to be a tremendous speaker. tremendous tremendous tremendous. 
the odds of america surviving a trump presidency are 3,720 to 1. 
imo the scary part is that this was never run by her beforehand, because trump presumably knew the answer already. so he puts it in her court, publicly, knowing very well she would object. now she's publicly defying the president, and her firing is the next logical step. seems very calculated. 
trump will never resign voluntary. even if they impeach him, i imagine they'll have to drag him out of the white house kicking and screaming. 
time to get a little scared? no my friend, time to start collecting riot gear. 
combat outrage fatigue, like david brock was saying! 
which is ironic considering he doesn't trust vaccines 
"doctor, is it cancer?" "aladeen...... i mean, donald " 
and it tells us he was furious. so furious that he insisted this exact statement be released and wouldn't leave it to his staff. 
not that he is the greatest speaker at 33, but compared to the incoherent rambling that comes out of his mouth today i think it's night and day. in the video he doesn't go off on a tangent at the end of every sentence or rely on his hands to talk. 
it's not a guess, it's the truth. the lead-up to his inauguration was fraught with stories about the fact that he didn't have cabinet picks lined up because he didn't realize he should have. hilary probably had a list drafted of who she'd nominate to the positions, as i'm sure most presidents elected in the past have. all trump cared about was getting himself the big chair and then was told after he won the electoral vote that he would have to replace the entire white house staff. he had to scramble to figure out who was going to do what, instead of being able to transition smoothly into a new cabinet. but, ya know, i'm obviously being biased. i mean, he ran for the office, but how was he supposed to know he'd have to do all that? it's not like he's a politician who's familiar with the law and how the country is run. 
i've always thought it was like mr. burns hiring homer simpson as the nuclear safety inspector. burns knows that since homer knows absolutely nothing about nuclear safety he won't have to pay for any of the costly safety precautions that would otherwise have come up had a competent person been given the job. 
my first political memory is watergate and the resignation. you aren't wrong here at all. 
the funny thing is, we are. i think the whole inauguration size came down to trump being mad and forcing the press secretary to say what trump would. 
as a texan myself, don't be fooled for a fucking second that he wouldn't be interested in the oil business. the problem is that he's been given a green light to outright lie to the american people with a smile on his face and expects them to bend over and take it. businessmen are up there with lawyers and politicians in terms of general distrust among the public, and we just elected the shadiest businessman on the block because, "at least he can't be worse than our politicians." we're going to be proven wrong, and we deserve what happens because of our ignorance. 
they can be struck down by lower federal courts and not just the supreme court. eos don't have nearly the power of laws and can't involve the appropriations of money. 
it really does and thats exactly what he apparently is. seeing his twitter rants would make you think in a joking matter "who gave this idiot a twitter account haha..." ...who gave this guy a country. 
before the nazis, the boogeymen of choice were still "the hun" (in both meanings). let that sink in: it took over 700 years for the world to know a terror greater than the huns. it's absolutely necessary to make the comparison now and again lest we forget what happened and suffer its repetition. 
"you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake, well this could be it sweetheart." 
yeah, clearly jeff sessions is megatron, not red skull. 
it's fucking mind blowing. how the hell can someone who would publicly say they want to defund departments whose functions they don't understand get nominated to run anything? this is a god damned circus. 
you're killing me, sauls! it ended on such a cliffhanger too. 
but he's black. black = urban. stupid libtard. /s 
i saw on cnn "monday night massacre". i wondered why the title was that, now i know... 
trumps on a straight path to being impeached. my theory is, is that this is what the gop wants. they'll let him go crazy, get impeached, and then pence will be in office. after trumps craziness everyone won't both the gop too much with their laws because they won't be as crazy as trumps. it's the perfect bamboozle, just a theory though. 
because even they aren't dumb enough to vote these things in. 
he's from virginia and was involved with the sentencing of our corrupt republican governor (mcdonnell - "indicted on federal corruption charges for receiving improper gifts and loans from a virginia businessman"). boente stated "no one is above the law... not a high public official, not even the highest public official in [virginia]." interesting pick. 
until you realize trump could cut the cord in the mission to save money. 
keep your eyes out for even more loyalty tests. 25% of the population has already proven their loyalty by accepting his blatant lies over plainly visible reality and trusting trump's word over verifiable facts. now he is determining which agencies are headed by people sympathetic to him and which are willing to disobey the judiciary and support a supreme executive. 
every seat in the house of representatives is up for re-election, though 
wiki changes fast with news, those sections won't be reliable for a few days at least. 
nah, megatron's views on race were pretty progressive. 
pretty sure that's exactly what they did when they elected him 
coincidentally, both were portrayed by hugo weaving. also agent smith, v from v for vendetta and elrond. what a great actor. 
more desperately than ever, we need you president underwood. 
who is the "& co." in the scenario where pence is taking over? are there a significant number of people in important positions who would break the law to keep trump rather than follow pence? is the secret service going to stop the u.s. marshals from executing a writ from the u.s. supreme court to enforce the removal of the impeached and convicted president from the white house? are the generals going to follow orders from trump rather than pence? 
wants the apocalypse or something to that effect, you can read about it in his book. 
presumably because he suspected she would react as she did, and didn't want to fire her preemptively. 
i can dig it. the left's bench is pretty fucking light these days. "fell on sword to defend constitution against orange nemisis" is some easy to spin bona fides. 
reminds me of that old family guy episode where lois just repeats 9/11 to become the mayor of quahog 
fucking ditto. i can't stay off reddit or twitter longer than an hour. 
getting repeatedly punched by the fists of life tend to do some brain damage. 
he's just whoring himself out for a position in trump's government. trump just awards cabinet positions to whomever rubs his back. that's how bannon got in. 
thank you! maybe i should run for president... actually, that's a terrible idea. i'm stubborn as shit and cry *way* too easily. 
if someone really drained a swamp, they would be removing mostly water. the muck, mud, and rot would be left in the swamp. so i guess he's making good on that promise. 
especially when it was immediately followed up by his normal writing style a hour later. 
yeah, it always struck me that draining a swamp would just leave a murky cess-pit full of exposed skeletons... 
well, i guess we can count it as 11 now. at the very least 10.5. it's perfectly normal to use decimals when figuring out how long into a presidency we are before a government official is accused of betraying the state, right? right?? 
we should be hearing directly from him, in all his idiocy. 
wouldn't that be something. all these twists and turns it's like we are living in a political drama on prime time tv. 
the greatest thing that can come of this is a renewed public interest in politics and a strengthening of the legislative branch 
y'all better start building that wall because, you know, the wall we're building down south works both ways so the only direction our refugees can move will be your direction. with global warming it ought to be pretty nice up that way in a few years. 
no no, focus camps where you learn to focus on whats important through fulfilling work! 
dude it's going to suck in may. this is reality now. this is the new normal. 
this isn't a tv show? but it's on all the time when i tune in. 
actually they came for the muslims first, then the government employees who stood up for them. 
i've noticed the same thing, normally i'd be balls deep in the overwatch event, cods 2xp week, or grinding it out in destiny. barely done any of that the last 10 days. there's dickery afoot in america. 
i'm sure there was already a term in russian as it's a standard method of death over there. 
as of today, "yes" and "no" will be replaced by "donald" 
though after everything we've seen thus far, what makes anyone think trump will leave power peacefully? whether it be through losing in 2020, conviction by impeachment, or even pence and the cabinet utilizing section 4 of the 25th a., have we any evidence that trump & co. will respect those processes and abandon the office? 
nine... *(crowd leans in anxiously)* eleven *(crowd goes fucking wild)* 
the thing that worries me is if we eventually become numb to trumps antics. we all need to be mindful about resting and not binging on information. unplug for a while and don't burn out. we all need to be politically engaged these next 4 years. i'm saying this mostly to myself but i imagine others will agree. 
this was the most accurate description of politics i've seen in a while. 
i left a post of mine open to the public recently and you wouldn't believe the kind of things i'm hearing from trump supporters about "liberal biased news." 
ever say a word so many times that it loses all meaning and you forget how to spell it? now i can't spell tremendoas right. 
the house is up for grabs, but there is a near-zero chance of democrats taking back the senate in 2018. to just tie, they would have to keep all of their current seats, and get *both* nevada and arizona. to get a majority, they'll also need one of the following: * mississippi, * nebraska, * tennessee, * texas, * utah, or * wyoming. the incumbents in each of those seats won their last election by more than 15%. 
the whole fired apprentice from all season appear in final episode and then point to trump ala phoenix wright yelling 'you are fired!'. and then donald breaking down in emotion screaming 'noooo!! this cant be! i am the-----' 10/10 best ending ever 
i can't think of anything i'd rather see right now, than trump being dragged screaming from the white house. 
executive orders are not laws. only the legislative branch has the power to write laws. 
"the facts have a well-known liberal bias."--rob corddry 
i feel bad for house of cards, how is it going to top this! 
has it really been 10 days? i guess time flies when you're...terrified for the future of humanity. 
and tried to strip down the epa people who believe in climate change... right? did that happen? did we confirm this with a reputable source? 
with occasional dad jokes thrown in both to annoy, *and* to solidify the point for later recollection! 
alternative words, alternative facts, alternative right im starting to see a trend 
2 years actually if people get out and vote for senate and house elections in 2018. 
hell yes this 100%. i live in canada and was at the toronto protest, there are tens of thousands if not millions here in canada who want the situation in the u.s to just be a joke or bad dream. i have family from all over the country (from the west coast, to maritimes) and all of them and their friends are willing to fight for our neighbors down south. 
because our closest neighbor is mexico, and if we keep pissing them off the trade war is gonna hit us hard. we depend on mexico for a lot of stuff, a lot of our food that we can't grow comes from there. 
"when the president walks into the room...nobody sits." edited for words. 
is that the secret? i know someone who does exactly that and i was always bewildered as to why everyone always found this person charasmatic when they first meet her. and then as you know her longer you realize she literally parrots exactly what you say but in an excited tone. 
such a nice change of pace not being mauled by grizzlies throughout the school day. 
looking back now vinnick is errely like a republican bernie sanders. 
yeah i've been freaked by this and my dad just went into a long ramble about the saturday night massacre. i guess i can see it. 
at first i was going to mention the difference between "so little" and "so few" but you're right, all of them use tiny and oft incorrectly spelled words. 
this smells like a disease. some kind of dementia or senility. 
first they came for the... highest positions in federal government??? 
i didn't like obama using executive orders as much as he did but obstructionists didn't leave much choice. trump hasn't even given the option of a balance of power. 
the muslims were bait. now trump has an excuse to replace people who don't agree with him. 
it mostly depends on how well trump polls and how closely those senators identify with trump. if he pisses everyone off, and those senators have records of supporting the decisions that pissed everyone off, they could lose their own primary to a challenger from the right who is anti-trump, and then the new person could lose to a dem, or the new person takes over and becomes a trump-dissident on the right. it's unlikely, but it can definitely happen. texas is probably the most likely, depending on how it goes down, because texas has really large liberal blocks in the cities. 
hey, just in case you haven't seen the rest of the world (literally every continent including two separate protests on antarctica) is with you. toronto and london (and i'm sure others) had protests outside embassies and consulates. this is your fight, but you've got a friend in like....a few billion people around the world. let us know and we'll help. 
i highly recommend it. i decided to catch up on it last year when the new season aired and it's so good. even if you don't care for the story or the atmosphere or any of that, the quality of the content is phenomenal. kevin spacey gives a powerhouse performance and so does robin wright. and the cinematography is amazing too. just superb "television", honestly. 
nah, they were totally beaten and mugged but it was worth it. 
and now i feel like an asshole for not taking my dad to see him in philly last summer. 
my dad used to see him at the drugstore in huntington all the time. said he'd just say hey billy and hed say hey, was always down to earth and a nice guy. a few years ago, he saw him sitting at a restaurant bar, all by himself, looking disheveled and barely recognizable, and completely wasted. he got his driver to come around and pick him up. i hope he's doing better now. my parents used to play his music on the record player when we were young. another fun story, the house he lived in w christie brinkley was about ten minutes from where my cousins grew up in cold spring harbor. his house sat on a bend in the road and one of my cousin's friends took the corner too hard and hydroplaned through the fence in billy joel's backyard. christie brinkley came running out to see if he was ok. said he thought he died and went to heaven. (i don't know if this is actually true, but it's the story i've been told for years.) 
because true warriors fans are hard to find at this point. 
maybe he still misses christie brinkley and wants to pretend he's playing for her. 
i saw the face 2 face tour as well. before the show started i was approached by a member of the crew. my friend and i were given a special pass, it was sticky green fabric, and led to a backstage area. when the lights came up, we were on the wings of the stage, not 20 feet from elton and billy. we got to meet them both during and after the show, and it was hands down one of the coolest experiences of my life. we watched the whole show from the stage. 
this was before the snake pit. i've gotten in there, too (was a member of the fan club) 
i go to lots of concerts and usually pay between $25-50 a ticket. it really depends on who you're seeing, not how many concerts you go to. 
yeah seriously, most popular bands/groups charge $50 and under for their tickets. $45 for a cover band? pass 
rich people fatskimming your wealth away, one bullshit charge at a time. 
so i take it your dad realized it was not actually a scam? 
step 1. be attractive step 2. don't be unattractive 
yes. mike mccready remarked that it was really starting to freak him out. 
a friend and i went to one of their recent concerts for their ahfod tour. i kept my eyes peeled for the roadies, but no luck! hopefully they still do it. they put on an amazing show, even for us up in the nosebleeds, so i can only imagine what it would be like right in front of the catwalk :) 
i went to one of his concerts last year and i do remember seeing on the jumbotron younger women in the front. i was wondering how these women who looked like they were of the age to be dealing with the serious student loan debt were up front for such an expensive ticket. 
this is basically how it works in all aspects of life, minus the no rich people part. 
i'm from long island so i'm required by law to tithe 10% of my income to lord joel. i'm glad to do it. 
as an actual queer woman, i fucking hate you. because i laughed pretty hard lmao 
i was at their gillette stadium show the other week and some people near us had that happen to them. some guy walked up to our nosebleed seats and handed them snake pit passes. pretty badass!! 
i once paid infinity dollars to see him do a concert in the handicap stall of a men's room at wendy's. tbf, the acoustics were incredible. 
this this similar to the law of springsteen along the jersey shore? 
seriously, i doubt she has any hair left to cover the back of her head. 
you should be bouffanting that chest hair if you're going to be in the front row. 
i dont bother with concerts anymore because rich people ruined the entire experience. 
what the fuck, these are my two favorites and i've seen them more than once from the nosebleeds. damn son 
shit, i have regrets. i "saw" hank 3 and merle haggard laying on my back unable to move. 
they go into the cheap seats and hand out tickets. springsteen did this at a show. my roommate won primo tickets so i guess you can say we had 'front row seats' to what was going on. we suspected something was up when everyone 'came on down' like a new contestant on the price is right. side note: bruce came down from the stage and walked around the front rows. i got to sneak in a quick sideways hug. the boss is kinda short. 
ayyyy hold steady. can't wait to see them in chicago soon! 
i love pork roll. my trenton part of the family introduced me. luckily we find it here in upstate ny too. 
like the place long island? thats fun :) oh why do you say on long island rather than in? 
i bet rammstein in concert would be amazing. (hopefully they won't bust out the dildo outfit thing that i saw on youtube tho) 
i heard billy play nessun dorma only last year. i've also heard flea complete a 20-minute trumpet interlude half way through a gig 
i've noticed this in a lot of shows with talk show aspects, like top gear. they'll always frame the shot of the guys talking with an at least decently attractive female behind them. and when they pan the audience from time to time, it's usually attractive women in front. 
i saw them do this to some people a couple rows over last time i saw them. it's so cool they do that, you could tell how excited those fans were. luckily with a coldplay show, there aren't often bad seats in the house. :) 
thanks for doing that. i'm a musician and y'all get shat on way too much. 
aurora? did you rock out to "bohemian rhapsody" with your bros in the mirthmobile, and then stop for a nightcap at stan mikita's donuts after the show? 
it may as well be, it's all densely populated straight to the center of the city. the chicago area is effin huge 
he's really committed to fair pricing models. often times he'll schedule multiple shows in the same venue to help flood the market with supply and discourage scalpers. 
one hundred million dollars to whoever gets me to the front row. 
yup, anyone who has been to a billy joel concert knows it's not "random fans" sitting up front screaming, it's hot women. 
try being from central nj, i have to dish out for both. 
they were probably starting to wonder why you were standing back there. 
because when you're from long island, you live on long island. you go to school on long island, you drive on long island (if you call it driving). no proper long islander will ever say they live in long island or going to a bar in long island. source: been on long island since birth. not planning on leaving it. 
a few of my friends went to an elton john concert years ago and they got there way early. they were sitting there, all excited, and a guy who called himself the ticket angel came up and gave them front row seats. i went to the same concert and they actually traded with us for a few songs. so awesome. made eye contact with mr john a few times and my friend got a poster signed. so i'd recommend going very early! 
i wonder if you see the really bad seats sell faster than the mediocre ones. 
i got pulled up once with 3 friends (2 girls & one other guy) at a show he played in orlando and could practically touch the piano as he played. a guy working with the crew randomly came up and said, "how would you like to sit in the first row?". really incredible experience, especially considering we had nosebleed tickets. 
if i could have a dream come true, it wouldn't be peace on earth, it'd be the resurrection of george and john and have the fab 4 do a world tour. 
same, am also from central nj, where the delicious pork product is called pork roll *and* taylor ham. 
yeah man, $100-$200 at the garden is what makes him and the shows so awesome. 
saw him a couple years ago. his voice is fine. it's odd, because when he talks he sounds like an old man, but when he sings it's only a little bit scratchier than it used to be. 
yeah on 2 dope queens they talk about getting front row seats at a concert and the guy told them it was because they were pretty women. 
don't forget the processing fee. we have to send you the email. 
did you think he was intentional with that? came to mind straight away 
09 and pennys? damn, you are rich. i have '02 avalon and i'm wearing a swimsuit from a local convenience store. 
tickets could conceivably sell at auction for three dollars and fifty cents 
kind of joking--iirc his first wife met him by pretending to be a reporter 
woah. i didn't realise they did those shows so recently. assumed it was early 90's 
plot twist: billy joel trying to drive up the price of the cheap seats with this quote. 
just take the upvotes and be graceful about it. you don't have to edit your comment to acknowledge the upvotes. 
i saw him and elton john at wrigley field the other summer while i was in town for work, relatively expensive, but definitely worth it. 
random question but are you and your friend good looking? my friend and her boyfriend went and saw paul mccartney a few years ago and it was the same deal. nosebleed tickets, brought to the front of the show. she told me everyone they brought up (male and female) were suspiciously attractive. 
i've only heard regular cool guy shit about him. my bud went out fishing with his friends family and when they were out on the dock his friends dad casually says "hey bill", my bud turns around and billy joel's standing behind him. my bud almost fell over, but his friends dad sat there and talked with him for a solid 10 minutes about what they were catching and where they were running. i was never more than a casual fan but i'm proud to call that guy a long islander. 
i've never seen paul mccartney in concert but i've seen ringo in concert and he was amazing. i can't imagine what it must've been like to see all 4 beatles at once. 
it was in tucson, az back in............. 2005? maybe 2006? i have no idea what the bodyguard's name was. i don't think we even asked. we were about 19 years old at the time. a lot of the people in the front rows were huge fans. most of them said they'd been following her across country. we were very grateful they shared the stage-rushing info with us. we probably would've been trampled otherwise. she's so amazing to see live; her passion is amazing to witness. the dude who opened for her was really entertaining; he was climbing all around the piano while he was playing it. 
i am picturing the older brunette standing beside her who is now treated for depression. 
02 avalon and a swimsuit? pshaw i wish! i'm rolling a 92 escort and wearing a tube sock on my junk. 
the real problem is kanye leaving halfway through. probably why it was $40. 
because they're jerks and won't let me run up on stage with billy joel. 
agreed, i saw him in miami and it was fantastic. the fact that he was largely unseen and above everyone plays into his whole god complex shtik. 
"what's your favorite color?" uhhh.... yellow? "welcome to the front row." 
yeah i can't even imagine the chills in the audience. imagine seeing them before they went to the u.s. the first time for instance. yeah! in the kaiserkeller or whatever. 
i'd say i was better-than-average (at the time), but she was definitely good looking. i never really thought about it. 
he's already had the uptown girl now he wants plebeians. 
i'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking reddit. 
my mother is a public teacher. no child left behind did not help. we need to ensure that our teachers get the support they need to be amazing and give a good education to students! can you, mr. president, make the job of "teacher" more prestigious, competitive, and reputable? 
a riveting story... i laughed, i cried, i came. 10/10 
as a secondary point, what role do you think states' rights (surrounding drug legalization) will play in the rest of your presidency? 
how about the tuition problem that's creating the loans? 
i'll take that as "poppin bottles of cristale like it's 1969" 
i feel like this will cause a glitch in the matrix. 
as a guy with an aerospace degree, i regret to inform you that you'll never be in a position where that could happen 
i think you forgot your punctuations. grammar notzi 
cool! where are you from? guam? puerto rico? virgin islands? 
this is an awesome question, although potentially dangerous to answer. 
fox news headline: obama posts on popular child-pornography hosting website. 
i'd like to see how he responds, given that there doesn't seem to be any set deadline for the closing of guantanamo, nor has he definitively taken one side or the other on marijuana legislation. 
the decision to surge our forces in afghanistan. any time you send our brave men and women into battle, you know that not everyone will come home safely, and that necessarily weighs heavily on you. the decision did help us blunt the taliban's momentum, and is allowing us to transition to afghan lead - so we will have recovered that surge at the end of this month, and will end the war at the end of 2014. but knowing of the heroes that have fallen is something you never forget. 
i can just see the guy who had the username trying to log in and receive an error message of the sort "you're username has been changed to iamnotpresidentobamailied due to the fact that the real president obama would like to join our community. thanks, reddit staff!!" 
i'd vote for a dude named merlin if he went all out with the wizard hat and star spangled blue pajamas. 
ladies and gentlemen: the president of the united states of america referencing his meme. good night and god bless. 
to be fair, an ama request for the president of the united states is a little ridiculous. this is one of those things that just has to happen on its own. 
i was very surprised by this as well! but i bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it... 
it's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for obama because he'd never do one. 
indeed, and it was a question of the utmost importance. 
i've been home for 7. i picked a day of the year that no one else is celebrating for any reason that was important to me and what happened to me there. i take it off every year so i can do something for myself without having to compete with any of the military holidays or making myself known. it helps and things get better. you have my best wishes. 
i'm always relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus, something about that guy scares me.. 
... "a comet" ... no, that should really be "asteroid" ... did i change "a" to "an" ... ah, no one will notice ... 
if it's not louis c.k. or neil degrasse tyson you've lost all of reddit's votes. 
dude, you can't reply to president obama and type "ejaculated". dick move bro. 
so might you be suggesting, just maybe, that funding science and the advancement of civilization may be more important than dumping trillions of dollars into killing each other? 
i'm assuming they'd be monitoring it for threats towards the president, not random pot smokers. 
he signed an order closing it, and congress denied funding to put it into effect. 
this too. this thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. honestly, it's amazing that the president managed to get through enough to post what he did. 
i love obama, but i have to say, this is a true politician's response. he didn't ask for inspiring words about the successes of our space program, he asked if we are increasing their budget. i didn't see the words "yes" or "no" anywhere in that response... 
win or lose, i'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices. 
this is by far the most important thing a president can do if they really want to make a change. and it's not just about elections. it's about how laws are made. how we govern ourselves. how we protect our future 
that sounds like the motto of the internet and an homage to julius caesar: risi, flevi, veni. 
the president may be black, but he's not will smith. he can't get away with that! 
or a picture of him holding a cat with the caption "i r tha president" 
thank you for getting nbc to televise this question. you da man. 
finally, i ctrl + f'ed "ndaa" and this is the only thing that came up. don't expect this to be addressed at any point during the campaign, he's not going to try to defend it because it's indefensible. 
that would be glorious. imagine if he did that in a video. 
"hmm, what was the greatest moment of my life? well, i once corrected the president of the united states, does that count?" 
my primary concern as a medical marijuana patient in the state of california is how obama has backtracked on his previous stance regarding state regulation & federal "uninvolvement." to this day, many of the dispensaries i frequent have been raided by the dea, guns drawn, and our meds have been taken away. it's unfair and it forces many patients back into the black market. i guess i'm just wondering if you plan to continue signing off on these malicious raids into your second term, or if you'd rather focus on much more pressing issues like our national debt, unemployment and the war in the middle east. (i'd like my friends back from afghanistan.) 
i read awhile age that it was an inactive account; the moderators then took it, and gave it to him. 
i would have liked to hear an answer to that as well. 
he will need help from the canadian prime minister. 
under obama, i believe crackdowns on medical marijuana dispensaries has increased. 
thank you for showing the president of the united states how classy us redditors can be. 
yeah actually there is. the pharmaceutical companies are paying millions to the politicians to keep it illegal. 
and "you won't always have a calculator with you". sent from my iphone 
he should count his blessings. i'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from potato_in_my_anus. 
this is a very hard thing to believe in light of what you unleashed against wikileaks. i am not talking about assange's prosecution, i am talking about wikileaks being cut from amazon, visa, mastercard, paypal, and being erased from icann registers. how do you reconcile these actions with your passion for internet freedom? 
it's an http header defined in rfc 2616: x-let-me-through-i-am-the-president-of-the-united-states: true 
he left before reddit even began to have load problems 
am i the only one that read every one of his posts in his voice? 
and the history books will read "it is rumored president obama was bullied about his grammar in an 'internet forum' and from that encounter began to destroy what was once known as the internet" 
to be fair, the doj has challenged a bunch of these laws in courts 
please allow copyright terms to actually end at some point. a public domain is vital. please do not allow hollywood, chris dodd and the riaa to write all copyright laws. 
you mean disappointed. it should have been potus_in_my_anus 
yeah, because this is a fairly worded question on the issue 
all right, but first let me lecture you on sentence structure... 
as a member of the non-us free world. did my vote get lost in the post? 
i'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post... 
"we redditors", not "us redditors". mr. obama, i think we need better education in this country. 
it's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that i'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. the big advantage i have is that i live above the store - so i have no commute! so we make sure that when i'm in dc i never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if i have to go back down to the oval for work later in the evening. i do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. speaking of balance, though, i need to get going so i'm back in dc in time for dinner. but i want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. and remember to vote in november - if you need to know how to register, go to gottaregister.com. by the way, if you want to know what i think about this whole reddit experience - not bad! 
i did this once, the girlfriend wasn't happy that i ruined her skirt. 
that's fantastic. it's like they think they get authority simply for being in a position of "power". you can't act like a dumbass and expect respect from children and teenagers. there was grafitti in the bathrooms about how i was a "dike". being the asshole i was, and sometimes still am, i made these pretty flyers that had a picture of a dike and a picture of two girls kissing that said "don't confuse the two." on them. i proceeded to hand them out. didn't get in trouble because no one could pin point where it started. 
god forbid a male should allow his face to do something that comes naturally. 
my office is on the very casual side of business casual... i saw a lady wearing straight up flip flops yesterday. not even nice dressy sandals. fucking velcro shit. 
the only time we could have any sort of headwear was in shop class. fortunately for me all my last semester of high school's classes were shop class, so i could get away with it. 
trust me, priests are usually pretty laid back about that kind of stuff. it's the parish councils and people in lay positions who are the real psychos. 
that's it - the students should have cut their trousers off at the knee! 
right? skirts are great and everyone should be able to wear them tbh. 
i wore shorts will knee socks for my senior year. got kicked out of class but luckily the vp was old fashioned and knew the history of boys wearing shorts + knee socks decades ago. stood out but much less sweaty. 10/10 would knee sock again 
you see the odd kilt in australia in summer. the response is generally "is that guy...? eh, it's a kilt." 
uk is having its hottest summer since 1976, the schools are normally closed when the uk gets to the hottest in august for summer holidays so the current temperatures are fairly unusual. 
they're in exeter, so about as far from scotland as you can get while staying on the same island 
i say give them vr goggles that only show the subject. no more distractions! yay /s 
i like a healthy breeze 'round my privates, thanks. 
i swear that schools do this just so kids can get practice in public protest. 
now don't let anybody tell you you're not extraordinary! 
my school had 2 armed police officers. i think they brought in dogs at least twice a year while i was there 
i have a whole rack of social construct that i don't have to wear any longer because i changed from corporate to self employment. at $50-$80 a pop i have thousands of dollars worth of those damn things. i hated wearing them every day. it was like a collar and leash tying me to the fuckery of corporate bullshitery. once i went my own way i realized a whole world of happiness existed in only working when and where you choose. 
how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?! 
many schools have similar policies restricting certain hair lengths for males. not saying i agree with it, but it's a common practice that most people don't really bat an eye at. 
when we grew up and went to school, there were certain teacher who'd hurt the children in anyway they could 
the supplier of these coats were probably kicking back a staff party or other petty corruption to keep the teachers personally invested/committed to such a thing. no staff is going to care about such ridiculousness unless their is some petty corruption going on. 
guy in my town is queer and walks around in a full dress but looks like a heavy metal biker dude. a woman asked him where he got his nails done and he just went "my mate john did em". 
haha great idea! i make an ugly woman, what with my beard and all. they'll crack in no time. thanks, notsosecrettrans!(username checks out) 
last week in nyc my sister saw a older woman staring long and hard at a man who had painted his toenails bright pink. after a couple of long moments she reached out to him and said, "i'm so sorry, but where did you get that nail polish?" turns out he had made it himself! 
as an american in the pacific northwest, wearing a kilt to a social gathering will automatically make you "that guy" 
of course. a fan is not going to save you from 30 c. anything above 25 c is going to kick on an ac in texas. i don't know why anyone would think it's okay for boys to wear pants in 30 c with no ac. i've pulled out my kid from daycare when their ac went out. one person suffering heatstroke is one too many in my opinion (in this day and age). 
just do it mate. i do. its fucking liberating having a cool breeze caress your knackers while you're out and about. 
also, code monkey do not code well when they are hot. 
i remember when star trek tng actually showed men in dresses (or uniforms typically associated with women) because the producers felt that in the future, people wouldn't care about clothing stereotypes anymore, they'd just put on whatever they wanted. the ridicule the "men dresses" received from the viewers was endless so the thing was scratched after an episode or two. personally, i think the show was way ahead of its time with that concept. 
apply one pair of tights. apply spray foam insulation and allow to dry. apply second, much larger pair of tights. 
had a boss that didnt wear shoes and often wore boardshorts. (shrug) no catastrophe 
it's very liberating to be able to think "man, i really don't want to put pants on today," and then just wear a skirt or an even lazier option of a dress instead. 
boys used to wear shorts and knee socks. incidentally, "boys in shorts and knee socks" feels like something i should probably not have in my search history. 
yeah, in any church - catholic or not - lay clergy are the worst. so many twits who think religion can only be done properly with judgmental, damaging attitudes. 
being a critical thinker made life difficult at school/with parents. logic is thrown out the window sometimes 
what's this history you speak of? e: til trousers were an age restrict sort of right of passage 
by making comments about their hairy legs, isn't the school proving the dress code is social/cultural based? and not logic/fairness based. ------------------------------------- **edit**: to (the many) people replying "well durr", my point was if the school want to enforce the boys being less comfortable than the girls in high heat they have to come up with something rational/explainable. not just "hurr durr boys don't wear skirts and shorts don't look professional enough". it's both unfair, and a particularly poor example to set at a school. what lesson are they teaching the children if they won't budge on this issue? that authority figures are incapable of rational compromise, and should be ignored? 
we had restrictions on facial hair and our haircuts. after the summer the deans would basically do a spot check and half of us had to clip our hair. i got in a mite of trouble when i showed up with a ponytail, but wasn't technically violating any rules, just pissed off the dean. heard they rewrote the rules years later to ban them. so if they can dictate that, i'm sure they can go after girls for leg hair. 
makes me wonder when it will become socially-acceptable to wear shorts for office work. here i am at my desk in atlanta, wearing long pants in late june... (it's rainy today so it's not so bad, but it's fucking miserable when its sunny.) 
oh but it's really about professionalism. we really just want to teach all those boys to respect themselves so the girls will respect them and leave them alone. 
we wear them because we expect people to wear them. ties are a social construct 
would you say **the sun is a deadly laser** at such an angle? 
weird. at my school the girls all just wore sweatpants under their skirts on particularly cold days. but i'm in the south so it wasn't that often 
well lucky for me my parents were the ones who taught me to question things so they could only be so annoyed by my shenanigans 
depends on the school. mine had one and he didn't really do much except when there was a fight that escalated too much or dealing with homeless people and what not wandering onto school property from nearby shelters and libraries. 
you had to wear the blazer as well? we could stop wearing the blazer sometime in spring once it was announced in the newsletter lol 
you can also hang yourself with it when the burden of human created social traditions becomes too much to bare. 
that's understandable. my son's last day of school here in texas was june 1. he goes back august 28. it's still above 30 c though during that time. on the other end of the spectrum, texas schools close if ice/snow is on the ground. 
years ago, i was hanging out at a friend's place after going out to dinner. caught a food born illness and ended up throwing up all over my jeans. my friend took threw my jeans in her building's laundry, but i need something to wear in the meantime. i asked her if she had any baggy sweats or something. she didn't, but offered the only thing she thought would work. a big flowy skirt. i put it on and wow. i twirled a lot just watching it flow. remarkable and super comfy. have owned a couple skirts since. airy, free, and provides for easy access when i'm hanging out with a girl i'm dating. highly recommended. 
probably not the police, but she definitely could have told her via a legal letter to pay for a new one or face a small claims lawsuit. 
i had a similar experience myself several years ago, albeit it wasn't by intention. i was still a young buck working at this tech company, and one day i just decided to wear shorts because it was a hot day and i didn't see anything wrong with it. it was one of the most awkward days i had at the company, because at the time nobody wore shorts and despite it not being a dress code issue, it was just not something that was done. i got strange looks all day, and eventually one of my mentors (the guy who helped me get the job in the first place) said something to me about it and mentioned how i looked way too casual. over the next couple of years, wearing shorts in the summer actually became perfectly normal. i don't know if i directly sparked that change, but it was interesting to see the change happen. i'd like to think that in my ignorance, i unintentionally helped hundreds of people become more comfortable in the 100+ degree heat that we get here in the summer. 
id be a bit self-conscious. im a short, skinny, guy... my legs would probably shame the kilt i was wearing. 
step 1: get the women at the factory to steal stuff for you. step 2: ?????? step 3: profit 
yep, that was pretty much my experience as well, school administrators usually scatter like cockroaches at the word "lawyer." 
as a kid, you didn't know better, but as an adult looking back, would you have called the police on her for theft? i would have. 
one of the perks of younger industries like tech is that the old dress codes have gone by the way side. i wear shorts every day! 
well, i don't think you can treat the cause here really.. nor do we try to in sweden either. it's pretty futile. 
people care they're just not allowed to say anything 
is this why when you google it pretty much every picture looks like someone trying to look badass in it and failing? 
i'm sure you could find some. most people have an above-average number of legs anyways. 
code monkey like fritos. code monkey like tab and mountain dew. code monkey very simple man. 
as long as you keep your legs closed on the bus i'm pretty sure nobody cares about anything beyond their phone screen. 
can confirm, was a "troublemaker" in grade school this is 100% just some administrator fumbling for reasons that might convince this kid to stop what he's doing. i mean yea i was a little bastard here and there, but mostly i just didn't agree with the reasons adults gave me for making me do what i viewed as stupid shit. 
yeah, texan checking in here. 86 is fuckin *niceeeeee*. 
can confirm- i wore a kilt once for halloween and i've never been so sexually harassed by women in all my life. 
when any kind of institution says "we're doing our best" it's basically the equivalent of "our thoughts and prayers are with the victims". thanks for fucking nothing. 
hell, just look for pictures of prince george. the royal tyke has been sporting shorts and knee socks for a while. 
i have a co-worker that will wear kilts to work... in america... in an office environment. some cunt of a lady made a comment insinuating he was gay so i told him about her bitchy comment in a non-reasonable volume with her in earshot. some people, man... 
there are totally classrooms without air conditioning in the south. the portable classrooms that all the poor overcrowded elementary schools used were constantly having their shitty portable ac units break, and they never got fixed. 
what's also often ignored is the role that uniforms actually play in bullying, despite supposedly being a safeguard against it. they distill and magnify any physical differences or quirks a given individual may have. 
i have friends who are guys who've worn skirts just cause, even really feminine ones. no one cares 
girls should get involved and not shave their legs. fuck this school 
i never got the part where students' attire is distracting. here in finland it's completely normal for girls to wear yoga pants, and jean shorts are popular with both genders. teens are going to ogle each other no matter what they wear. 
agree, i've been seeing so many comments for a while from guys saying they wish they could wear more colourful/patterned clothes like women, that they had more choices beyond which shirt and which trousers, and they wish they could wear dresses for comfort. i really do think this could be a major cultural change in the next 5 years, maybe less. the demand is there. 
when i was in school, we had a uniform policy of chinos and polos. despite the district's intentions that it would promote equality because everyone was wearing the same thing, it absolutely didn't. it was easy to identify which students wore designer chinos and polos, and which students bought theirs through a cheap uniform shop locally. 
no its literally an arrow pointing to your dick. if your tie is too long you look like a goofball and are obviously overcompensating 
sometimes the people silently judging you are the people that decide whether or not you get a raise and a bonus at the end of the year 
yeah, but like. you can get a lot farther overall. 
"my socks/shoes" is the slightly less risque version my brother would provide. 
oh they were supplied through one of the little businesses in town. i'm 90% sure they just bought $10 generic bulk jackets, stitched a cheap patch on them, and sold them for $50. and hey, they're kids, so you know that they'll get torn or stained or just outgrown, so you get to sell each kid 4, 5, 6 jackets. i don't know who exactly owned the store or how that deal started, but it wouldn't surprise me in the least if the owner was the principal's sister or some stupid thing like that. 
thanks! i'll tell her an internet stranger said so :d at 54 she still is still a badass. she's 4'10 and rides this adorable little motorcycle. it looks really rad when she's on it, all black and chrome, but then a normal height person stands next to it and it looks like a children's toy. and when my 6'8 boyfriend is next to it? hysterical. it looks like one of those tiny motorcycle type things people were rocking in the early 2000s-ish. what the hell were they called? runts or some such nonsense? 
what was the stated purpose of inspecting anyone's shit at a factory? 
not as crazy or high pressure as an or nurse for sure, but my mom was working 10-14 hour days at a machine shop at the time. 
rompers are awful on anyone past the diaper stage because all anyone can think when they look at them is that the wearer is going to have to strip down completely to go to the bathroom. 
and with bungees on the bottom you could store all that sweet air conditioning for the walk home. 
hey, no dissing on nuns, i learned how to play poker from the 65 year old nun who was my elementary school principal. on the other hand, our school also has a reasonable dress code, no shorts between october 15 and april 15 (this is in northern idaho). and sweats are okay all year, the only thing we couldn't do was wear stuff that was ripped badly or stuff that had offensive messages, and once a week we had to wear our school t-shirt to the catholic mass 
but in the town it was well known when they got home at night, their fat and psychopathic wives would thrash them within inches of their lives oooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooo 
at my catholic school the girls were allowed to wear pants or shorts instead of the skirts in the winter or summer but most chose to just go with the skirts. 
in my school girls had to do a trouser protest in the 90s to get the option of trousers. glad boys are getting their say too hopefully we can change super strict dress codes. one year my school got funny about kids wearing coats in winter because they made the school look scruffy. didn't last long after a protest 
i went to a southern pentecostal school and we were only allowed to wear pants if it was below 40. once i wore gouchos when it was like 43 degrees. i had to go to the paddling room, pull them down to my ankles and take 15 licks from the teacher welding a paddle with holes in it. the whistler was what they called it. 
then you know what you have to do. grab a nice dress, some open toed shoes and have at'er. get some co-workers to have a dress day. 
yeah, as an american whenever my schools (past like third or fourth grade) would try saying boys/girls couldnt carry their bag around or wear specific clothing items, people just did that shit anyways until the administration realized that punishing them for it is more of a hassle and disruption than just letting us be degenerates. 
and this, friends, is real institutionalized discrimination. 
step 2 is sell the stuff on ebay, come on, this is petty theft, not rocket science. 
to make sure us dirty wage-earners aren't stealing shit. (source: i work at a factory) 
23-year-old city boy here. as long as you aren't touching me, loud, or smell bad, go crazy. 
agreed! yesterday there was a dude wearing a skirt and ballet flats on the bus (vancouver). thought "yo, that guy is wearing a skirt and flats", and moved on with my life 
there have been many civil rights protests that brought about change in the past 70 years. many people were arrested over them. 
every single right and privilege you enjoy today is no gift handed to you, they are each a legacy of bitter and bloody struggle passed down for you to uphold from people long since forgotten. should you abandon the fight, you not only lose your rights, you dishonor everyone who fought and suffered for those rights. 
and, to this day, they still serve all school meals slapped upside-down on to your tray, plate on top, due to a rule enacted 2,462 years ago on the day the earth temporarily lost all gravity. 
we were only allowed to wear tights under our skirts, no pants allowed. but we're also in the south, so it was the same here, didn't get that cold that often. still sucked when it did though. 
we only had drug dogs come through if a student overdosed in the immediate area. 
well dodgers fans are so full of hot air that they don't really help the situation much. 
i have no problem with people that are against them as fashion, only pointing out that many (more?) were specifically against men in them. likely because of the idea that it is feminine and/or makes males more effeminate. i worked in a jumpsuit for years, so the stripping down to use the bathroom is not really something i take issue with. granted, we had underclothes on too. 
never try to fight human nature - you will lose. too many people in authority think they're the magic exception to that rule. 
and if you have good legs, they're actually very flattering. the dudes in utilikilts get all the pussy at my city's local celtic festival every year. 
i'm so important i get to walk around in my underwear and nobody does jack shit about it. 
the tie is a bit much. why the hell do we still wear those ridiculous things? 
came to the office naked yesterday. that's how it becomes socially acceptable. anyone hiring? 
all dress codes are social/cultural based. the only thing that can be justified on a basic self-justifying level is whatever the bare minimum necessary for sanitation is. 
i don't know what it's like in finland but in sweden very few of my peers ever sat through a whole class focused on the material. someone who's not invested in what's going on is going to find something to distract themselves with, chatting with mates, ogling girls or something else. but as usual schools would rather treat the symptoms than the cause. 
well it is a reason, its just a really stupid one. 
hahaha so true! i totally imagined theresa may as the headteacher 
i went to a small school and forgot how serious things have gotten with security. was buying a basketball game ticket off an elementary teacher and had a kid open the door for me only to watch him get chewed out (rightfully so) for opening the door for a stranger by the cop inside. then the cop started talking to me about the team instead of lecturing me. it was i'm a pretty questionable area and they had a metal detector there as well. 
it's just a british reflex to complain about the weather when every the opertunity arises 
i think so too because they let go of the rule pretty much immediately after as if waiting for someone to point out there stupid rule. 
i'm hiring for a position in which being naked is a necessity. interested? 
yeah, as much as building a friendly teacher-class relationship based on mutual respect sounds wonderful; i clearly remember my class absolutely destroying any teacher who failed to establish undisputed authority within the first couple of lessons. teenagers are brutal. 
that's insane. they should've done what the boys did in the article but with pants. 
what. no coats?! as a canadian that is shocking. who's to say whether or not a child/teenager can wear a coat?! how does that even make sense?! who makes up these rules?!?! although, that being said, at the high school i used to go to they recently stopped allowing students to wear backpacks to class. you were allowed to wear one to and from school and store it in your locker, but you weren't allowed to take one to class because they were deemed to be a hazard. this meant that students had to carry around all their binders, books, change of clothes for pe, lunch, etc. which the students did not take lightly. girls weren't even allowed purses so in protest they started carrying around boxes of tampons to class to make a statement. 
that's actually nice that the girls had a choice. in my neighborhood some of the catholic school girls would wear sweat pants under their skirts on the walk to school and then take the pants off once they got there. 
honestly i don't get why people think shorts are the same as skirts. women and men should both get to wear the same clothes, so skirts and shorts for everyone! 
have you never watched any sort of historical drama? this is the defacto outfit of a young boy on like every historical tv show ever. 
when i was in elementary school, the district made a huge deal out of announcing how all of their classrooms had air conditioning. the thing was that my school didn't have ac at all, except for the staff office/break room. they didn't count our school in the "all classrooms" count because they rented the building. recess consisted of moving slowly to what little shade you could find and being as still as possible until you could retreat back inside. even as a kid, nobody liked being that swampy all day (ohio river valley heat, humidity, and no breeze). 
seriously. in the south of the us, this policy is fucking insane. when temps reach 90, the humidity making it feel like 110 and you have to wear pants. fuck that noise. of course, i haven't been in school for over 11 years, so the policy may have changed. point still stands though. 
i can imagine they also realized that giving detention to entire classes is very expensive and would quickly lead to a very unhappy staff who would need to work extra hours to enforce a rule that is obviously a silly and even fucked up one rather than something serious and worth going out on a limb for. 
this is truly genius nobody, as far as i know, has more than two legs. most people have two. but because some people have lost a leg or both, the average is less than two. i am finally above average at something. holy shit i have an above average number of arms 
"what are you wearing under your kilt?" is a line i heard all the time when my brother owned a kilt. 
is he a younger teacher? some of the younger teachers i had immediately started trying to connect without establishing positions and from then on they struggled with getting the proper respect. sounds like your friend knows how it be, and how it do. 
except for dress code violations in the office. although, my workplace had a shorts day yesterday and a cookout. 
an appropriately crass response to such a question i've heard is "lipstick". 
i would totally do this, if i was still in school and had legs. 
this is how i will raise my kids. i ask questions all the time, and always look at situations from outside the box. that is how you learn, and don't become an asshole. 
my highschool once tried to take my cellphone (i wasn't using it in class, i was in the hallway between class). my mom spent about five minutes lecturing the principal on personal property laws. then one day they tried to make me change shirts because it had "smell my face" from a local talk radio show i listened to. my mother informed them that if they called her again because they had confiscated something from me and she had to pick it up, she was going to have her lawyer shove a book so far up their asses that they could pass the bar. we didn't have a lawyer. my mom just worked a lot and didn't have time to come to school over silly matters. 
gonna get up to 96 here in abilene today, but i think the qualm here is the lack of a/c in british schools. 86 is a fucking pipe dream here in texas, but without a/c, 86 in a room with a bunch of other students would still be pretty warm, especially if you aren't used to anything besides cool air and light rain, like in the u.k. 
honestly, that's what happens with most rules/laws. they're made to fit a certain situation / period of time, and typically aren't repealed until there's pushback against it. it's why there are still so many random archaic laws on the books in the us. 
as a country that's national weather is drizzle we get very upset when it gets too cold or too hot. we don't get a lot of snow so that causes us to panic, drive like idiots and close schools. when it get's too hot our buildings are just not designed to deal with it. most places don't have ac and are designed to keep the heat in not out. also it has been fairly humid (50%-80% humidity) which means it is harder to cool down even with a fan on. 
i had a teacher confiscate a portable cd player(yes i just dated myself) and headphones i was listening to while walking to my next class. she told me it was against the rules and that i could pick it up in the office after school. wouldn't you know it when i went to get it she told me it had been stolen and i shouldn't have brought it in the first place. i know that bitch took it home. 
