Not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. If you can't donate blood, think about donating food and drinks.  
Thank you for this. My sister is a critical care nurse at ormc and she lives only a few miles from Pulse. The day they worked today was long and the days to come will be too. My sister just wants everyone to know that ormc is a level one trauma center for a reason, and they were prepared for handling tragedy like this, and she is glad for it. Hearing from her about surgeries in hallways gave me chills. I'm glad I'm not the only one thinking of them. Also tijuana flats gave them all dinner so they've got that going for them, which is nice. 
That must have been incredibly tragic. I hope you're doing well.  
I'm so sorry please let us know when you hear something  
Correct, I believe he will speak at 1:30 eastern time.  
Yes! Not only blood, but these centers need water bottles and snacks as well for the large influx of people donating blood. Random acts of pizza is an amazing thing to do right now if you can't donate blood.  
Donation centers are at capacity for the day, but they're asking everyone to donate as the week goes on.  
It's so weird how one little decision can mean life or death 
I live right down the street from the club myself, absolutely crazy, I'm glad your friend is safe. 
I live in Tampa and my girlfriend and I recently went to Pride. It terrifies me that these places we have deemed safe, to escape from the homophobia and intolerance, have been targeted in such a specific way as to scare us from some of the only places we found acceptance in. What if it were here, an hour away? What if my gf and I had gone out last night, and ended up in the same situation? All because of who we love. I know everyone says to stay strong and don't have fear or change your ways of living, but maybe I'm not that strong. Maybe this shit shakes me to the core. A calculated, homophobic, hateful attack on innocent people who just want to be accepted for who they are.  
An off-duty officer was working in the club, exchanged gunfire with the suspect when he began shooting on the main floor at approx 2 AM.   Two additional officers responded, initiating the hostage-taking and subsequent standoff.  
As an American who is appalled by this type of violence, thank you. I am terrible sorry for your lose and about what happened in Paris.  
If he is actually a member of ISIS, then the bastard gets what he wants. The greater the divide between ordinary Muslims and the West, the better for ISIS.  If he is just some moronic idiot who hated gays, then yes he is just some incompetent evil idiot. 
Honestly, 60% of the comments are about /r/news. Let's get more discussions about the actual situation. 
Pride month has always been a bleak reminder (Stonewall), but I do agree, so many years later to have this time punctuated by this event is heartbreaking.    
Probably is. How many times has he had to make the same speech during his presidency? Gotta get disheartening  
While your statement is correct, this is the deadliest mass shooting in the U.S., ever. 
Facebook has a cool safety check feature that can tell you if your friends have marked themselves "safe". It might be worth checking out if you have people you haven't heard from.  
That is a *great* recommendation that I never would have thought of.  
Also thank you to the amazing transfusion service laboratory technologists!  
Something similar happened when the nightclub fire in Brazil happened in 2013. This is probably even more straining for any helpers. 
Also the same thing described by firefighters at the KISS nightclub fire in Santa Maria, Brazil, where about 240 people died. 
18th time he will have done this during his presidency. Shame.  
Cookies come to mind. And if you're in the area, you can make those! My thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this. 
Target donated liked 500 cases of water, and the publix in South Downtown did the same.  
I live in Orlando, have AB positive, regularly donate plasma at the same center and I called in asking if they wanted me to come in.  They set an appointment with me for tomorrow.  Don't go down to one today as they are overwhelmed at the moment.  Call and set an appointment for later in the week. 
I'm glad you're safe.  Something like this, happening in my own neighborhood... I couldn't even imagine. 
Hey neighbor. You're lucky you weren't here. It was terrifying 
People will say "you can't blame them." But I am totally blaming them.  
Him and the other 20 people densely packed in that alley, had the shooter found them they would have had no chance. It was an awful, awful thing but nobody knows what they would really do in a situation like that. 
I'm so going to hear about this at school tomorrow.   Like Paris all over again.  
Thank you for that. Feels sometimes like everyone hates all of us, even though we're also horrified at these acts. 
For some reason, that I can't even explain, when I heard that the Orlando Mayor declared a State of Emergency it really sunk in.    It's terrible, but you have to give all of the rescue works/police extreme credit. From the things I read the shooter had no plans on letting anyone in the club live.    It's something that just makes you feel numb and sad. Thoughts are with all the people affected by this tragedy.  
I wouldn't be surprised if r/news loses default status over this. They are censoring discussion of a serious tragedy because of their political views. Though it doesn't matter *why* they're doing it, the fact is that THE default news subreddit is not allowing discussion of the absolutely most newsworthy event right now. I suspect the admins will do something in response. 
Awesome work from the off duty officer, even though he didn't get him, I'm assuming some people were able to escape during their firefight. Just hope he doesn't feel at fault for not being able to stop him.  
Officers rescued at least 30 individuals in the club.  
To be fair hindsight is 20-20 and the police might not have had all the info on what was happening on the inside, I'm sure it was very chaotic and they didn't want to charge in and make a mistake 
I've lived in Orlando off and on my whole life, five years solid I've lived here now, this is by far the most tragic thing I've ever witnessed. Maybe because I'm older now and I can relate better, but the more the reports are finalized and the numbers sure up it's just horrifying to imagine these poor people. He didn't strike until 2 am and bars close at 3 so all of these people are trapped and likely totally inebriated by then. The DJ posted on FB that there was a gunman in the bar for everyone to run and get out of Pulse. I can't imagine the confusion as 300 people try to flee.  
Thanks for your kindness.  we need to stick together.  
You know what it's still unreal to me sometimes. You forget it happened. And some morning it hits you and you're in hell. So so strange.   Thanks for the kinds words.  
Angry about two guys kissing in Miami? You may as well get angry about the sun shining in Miami. What a fucking stupid crazy evil sonofabitch.  
His own parents said they believe the motivation was anti-gay. 
Too many colors and shapes. I can't tell what's supposed to be what.  
If r/news isn't going to do its job, it's up to the most popular subreddits (like this one) to pick it up so the most people possible will be aware. Thanks for doing the right thing. 
My girlfriends parents (Seniors) heard about this before I saw it on Reddit.  
Before he got into the pressroom they said this was the 15th time he has had to make a statement about a mass shooting. 
What the fuck is wrong with /r/news and is there anything we can do about that mod on a power trip 
Thank you, anything helps! I think a lot of blood centers have reached capacity and recommends making an appointment for later this week. But they could definitely use the food and water.  
Out of the loop and /r/news mods. Mind giving a summary?  
It's visible how much he has aged mentally and physically throughout his presidency. 
We could always order stuff from Amazon Prime Now for them. Get them what they need. 
It was pretty amazing, we got offered so many bottles of water and umbrellas while we waited!   
I dunno how their badass hats are gonna help but the thought is appreciated.  
I've heard gunshots before and I've gotten used to the routine. Close your curtain, turn off your lights, and stay away from the windows. But I remember the first time it happened, I was like 6 or 7 and it's absolutely terrifying. I can't imagine what it would be like to live your whole life only relatively peacefully only for a massacre to happen around the corner 
I'm not even trying to be insensitive. As a gay man, this is terrifying to me. It's going to make me think twice about being open about my orientation to anyone who isn't a very close friend. 
According to the edit, the alleyway was already filled with people piling on top of each other to get out a hole in the fence. I'm choosing to believe that guy barricaded the door to save the lives of the people he was witnessing, clamoring to get out of a fence. 
I don't know about you but I'm blaming the guy with a gun 
I mean, most victims of Islamic extremism are Muslims.  That's a fact that frequently gets overlooked or ignored. 
A mass terrorist shooting in Orlando is a nightmare scenario, since it has so many theme parks.  
That'sounds because the mods of /r/news are pedantic, priggish, insulting, controlling ninnies.  Remove /r/news from the front page! 
Unsubbed /r/news . May I request everyone to please do the same and teach those biased mods a lesson. Throw their subreddit into the garbage. 
I just realized I'm in /r/askreddit and not /r/news. 
Tragedy strengthens our bond, and through that bond we find strength. 
It depends. If it's an active shooter, they charge in ASAP. If it's a hostage situation, they try to negotiate. It seems like this was one masquerading as the other. They followed protocols for hostage-situation when the shooter had no intention to keep survivors.  
It's damned if you do and damned if you don't. If the police had charged in immediately and the guy had, for example, blown himself up and killed another 50 people... they'd be blamed for going in too fast.  
As another Frenchman here.   Stay strong. We stand with you.   I can barely imagine the dread and anger you must be feeling.  I have only sadness and compassion for you guys. 
FBI seems to be indicating there were ties to terrorism as well, so it may have been a planned attack 
I work closely with a bunch of Muslims in the military.  I'm lucky that I live in a very international town that is friendly to everyone because I imagine they'd have a bad time in most of the country.  Stay safe. 
"Hey man, I know this looks bad but you'll be fine. You just gotta keep your head up." 
But the second Price died they were all up on it. This is one of the deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil and what the fuck?  
The way /r/news handled this is clearly an embarrassment to Reddit as an organization.   There has to be fall-out from this.  The management/ownership of reddit can't just shrug and say "mods gonna mod, lol".    
either the mods or automods have been deleting most comments. said is was because people were doxing the shooters family, but they're even deleting posts with info on giving blood  
I worked in the mortgage division of a bank at the time and about 3 or so of our applicants died on 9/11.  Normal protocol is to send a letter for withdrawal due to inactivity but I couldn't do it. Their spouses and family members didn't need to see another reminder of lives cut short.  I made a copy of the letter for their files and tossed the originals.  RIP 
I hadn't thought of the impact those noises would have on the surviving firefighters. They absolutely would have known what that noise was and would have done anything to help them. 
So I'll go ahead and say it. What was he doing for 3 hours? In 3 hours an incredible amount of fire can be put down, way more than what is needed for 103 dead and wounded. Do we know if he was out of ammo? 3 hours is just such a long time in a firefight 
Our thoughts and hopes are with you, friend. Reading your comment gave me a different perspective. Previously this was a tragedy that happened hundreds of miles and an ocean away from me so there was a natural separation for me. Seeing the fear and hope in your words has truly brought this closer to me. I'm not properly explaining myself, but I hope you are ok and I hope your friend is safe.  
Can you imagine him being woken up at 4 o'clock this morning and what must have been going through his head. I mean when I get woken up in the middle of the night and it's bad news there's a limited amount of things that I think it might be. But as president of the United States oh my God could be anything. 
Amazon should engineer a disaster relief button on their app where organizations like Red Cross and Blood Donation centers can create a wish list for anyone to buy and send to them.  
The turban is worn to show that the person wearing it is a Sikh. So that everyone who see can see that said person is a Skih.  
I'm not sure it was the shooter's intent, but that's literally the definition of terrorism. 
Thanks for the clarification...That sounds a lot better than one guy closing and barricading the door behind him....Sucks to hear either way for sure...God what a terrible tragedy. My thoughts are very much with all the victims and families for sure...Today my heart aches. 
I will unsub from /r/news but are there any better news subs?  
I can see they're actively removing threads for it... 
The gas was a good idea but the execution of the whole event was awful. They didn't have enough medication to treat everyone affected by the gas and they let people choke to death unconscious.  
I strongly suspect this is an ISIS-fan terrorism attack. He probably had no actual ties to ISIS, just wanted to do "his part" to ... uhh what is it they want to do? Well killing gay people probably looked like a good way to help the global effort to this guy.  
Just...just keep your br- keep your brain in your head, man...it'll be alright...dude. 
Well we wouldn't want to offend anyone by criticizing Islam would we? Better to censor all discussion about the ~~greatest~~ largest mass shooting in U.S. history.   edit - a word because some people don't know that great doesn't always imply good 
Actually though, shout out to the /r/askreddit mods because this was a better thread than the ones at /r/news. 
There were a lot of things I did not want to ask. This was definitely on that list. It was hard enough having to know what was happening, I didn't want to know the details. I didn't want to know what people were having to do with their loved ones' posessions. I didn't want to know a goddamn thing about how hard the human tragedy was hitting everyone around me, because I was 19 and was not prepared in any way to deal with something like that.  
I'm sure you have to become somewhat desensitized. You see a lot of shit in 8 years as Prez, at this point it's probably a sigh and an audible "fuck" 
That is actually a genius idea. You should submit it to them. No joke.  The only thing about amazon is that it takes a while for delivery. But I'm sure something could be worked out for situations like this.  
Unfortunately, a lot of people think the turban is a Muslim thing.  
It probably was his intent to some degree. He obviously wanted to scare/hurt the gay community, and force them out of the public eye.  Screw that though. We as a nation and world need to make sure not to give creepy crazy people like this too much power.  It is fully within their rights to think being gay is evil, and it is fully in their rights to express that verbally. Just as it is within my rights to think they are idiots. But when someone on any side crosses the line into violence people from every side need to band together to defend and protect the victims. 
who was the shooter? What was so significant about him? 
Unfortunately there are *dozens* of other news subreddits, none of which have the same subscribership as /r/news. This will fragment reddit's readership across all those subreddits. Maybe, in time, readers will migrate and settle down in one or two but, for a while, we'll have to probably browse several news-related subreddits to get a full range of facts and thoughts.  This was a colossally bad move on the part of /r/news. I hope this is the end of that subreddit; it's the least they deserve. 
Throwing out the baby with the bathwater.   Gays, guns, Muslims, terror, we have pretty much everything contentious topic in this country in one event, of course it's going to be a shit storm.  
I remember watching a fascinating documentary about it. They had one of the Spetsnaz soldiers talking about why it went so badly - the emergency personnel just left the unconscious people on their backs on the pavement once the raid had been carried out.   The Spetsnaz guys were dashing like madmen trying to put people on their sides in recovery positions and were furious the people they had just saved were dying needlessly. 
They don't need direct contact in fact they prefer not to risk it. They just put out tons of information about who, what, where and how to carry out attacks and recently told people to step up attacks for Ramadan. 
Well, to be fair, that's not too hard to do...  Heck, even the_donald had more objective information about the event than /r/news 
I heard it on the *fucking radio* before I found it on Reddit.  /r/news mods should be ashamed.  
He honestly seems really upset every time there is an attack like this. It's something I really admire about him. Especially when he spoke about Sandy Hook, I felt like he was speaking as a father, not just as a president.   
"Honestly, if I were two-faced, would I be showing you this one?"  - Abraham Lincoln in response to an accusation by Stephen Douglas  
Yea I can agree with that, the most striking issues though are his hairline being insane and the forehead creases. 
I think i will. Prime Now can deliver in 2 hours. Even if some sort of disaster extends that delivery window to much longer, it can still be pretty valuable. Amazon has massive wearhouses full of emergency essentials.   This can also help to thwart misuse of funds a little if we are sending the necessary items directly. 
I didn't yet but i will now.  What email address did you send to? Or did you just use the contact us link? 
Probably because they'll be either Sikhs or Gurkhas. Both ideal company in faecal-impact-related turbine failures. 
Yeah, I was talking about this with a friend earlier. One of the victims in Norway died a few days after the attack. It's definitely a possibility here, though hopefully they all pull through. 
And someone higher up stated it was Hispanic night at the club.. So you can add another contentious aspect to your list.  
I don't understand. Why are the mods censoring? Like, what are they gaining from it? Thanks  
Subbed to them.  I'm also giving /r/USANews and /r/Full_News a chance as well.   
I think it's because he feels so powerless. This is one of those things that despite being the most powerful politician in the country no matter how much he wants change to happen and how hard he tries it simply won't happen. He has to make a speech anytime something like this happens and talk about how awful it is, all while knowing it will happen again and again. He knows why it's happening and how to stop it but he can't. 
People think that our current presidential candidates say childish things to each other during debates.  When Lincoln and Douglas were debating everything was free game including the families of them both. 
Hairline looks the same in both to me, just the first he has a comb-over masking that forehead puff. 
I'm sure Amazon could kick in the accelerated delivery charge if people are buying disaster relief goods from their site... this is a really good idea 
They even have power transmission towers shaped like Mickey Mouse. 
My guess is that they delete any comment mentioning Islam. Only a guess, though. Can't imagine any other reason they'd delete so many comments. 
To have to face the public knowing that nothing you can say will bring back those 49 innocent civilians (death toll is 50 but includes the shooter), that's rough. I struggle to find the words to write in a sympathy card when someone I know loses a family member.   I can't imagine being in a position of power where I could *potentially* stop things like this from happening and where the general public expects me to prevent things like this from happening, but knowing damn well these things will keep on happening no matter what I say or do.   Then there are the critics who will swoop in after his speech to say he was too emotional or not emotional enough or this or that. Like, what do you even say? What can you even do when something so terrible just happened with no warning and the country is looking at you for answers?  I do not want to be president. Ever. 
Dude, shitting on people's families is *nothing.*  In 1856 Rep. Preston Brooks got pissed off about Senator Charles Sumner's abolitionist speeches and tried to **beat him to death** right on the Senate floor while Rep. Laurence Keitt held off intervening Senators with a pistol. Sumner didn't recover from the mental trauma for over two years, and Massachusetts re-elected him in this time so his empty chair would be a symbol of inspiration and defiance. Sumner's beating and the dramatically different response to it on the two axes of the country was a *huge* factor in building up the inevitable Civil War.  Then in 1858 Keitt started a brawl during open session of the House, with some 50 Congressmen joining the fight.  Etc.  Etc.  Congress and the current presidential debates are pretty freaking mellow compared federal government in the 1800s.  
I don't even think it's a matter of "could" as much as I bet they "would". I can't describe how much I love this idea.  
How do you claim your ISIS mega-reward when you're dead? 
They were deleting comments of people telling others to donate blood in the area as well. 
Usually they designate a family member or something like that. It's just like what Sadam did for Palestinian suicide bombers in the 90s. They go boom, he paI'd the family 
The Encyclopaedia Galactica exists in both Foundation and Hitchhikers.  
Jesus, Christ- that's brilliant. Some kind of literacy push. I'll wait until the discussion rounds out some more, see what kind of things people are fiending for, and then if try and take a step forward with it.  
As much as it pains me to say it, I don't think that's such a far stretch.    *Mr. Grey flashed me the whip handle from the belt of his uniform and grinned. "Won't you join me in the gaming room, Ms. Steele?*  *The nerve! "Heavens, no. That would be terribly improprietous, Mr. Grey, and I intend to maintain my ladyhood."*  *"Very well, my lady. I shall call on you again, when you are feeling less proprietous and more inclined to adventure," Mr Grey smirked, sending a flush through my cheeks!*  *I would feel no such thing! Why must Mr. Grey infuriate and excite me so?* 
"To whom it may concern: It is springtime. It is late afternoon."   [DIES] 
My pleasure- your suggestion rocks. It made me think of another: Salman Rushdie writes the Twilight Series. 
As the twelfth toll of the dilapidated clock on the wall outside his cell marked the first hour of his eleventh year, young Harold Potter sat upright in his nightclothes.  Eyes wide and soaked through with sweat he tried to burn the gibbering pnakotic half-things that haunted his dreams of late away by lighting the only candle his captors allowed.  His labored breathing slowed as the flickering light danced on the wall of the space beneath the stairs at 4 privet drive.   The solace of the dancing shadows would prove to be fleeting however, as it was only mere hours before the winged harbinger of magicks beyond description arrived, screeching and flapping, and marking the end of youthful innocence and the dark shapes and mutterings of a child's ignorant nightmares.  After this day, the visions that haunted Potter's sleep would coalesce into a singular, tangible horror that ubeknownst to him, had on one occasion already almost taken his life... 
Until:   *At which point Mercutio exclaimed "thou a poperin pear!", a phrase which here means...* 
That's amazing.   Unrelated, but I'm curious about your r/username. Schlitz the beer? 
I'd read anything Terry did a "cover" of....which actually is pretty much what half his Discworld books are really, just covers of famous stories 
A lot of weird sex shit is going to be going down on that boat. 
I'm having this problem where I've either yet to read a work by the author, or I've yet to read the novel mentioned in each author-novel pair in just about every single comment, and I'm feeling irrationally pissed off  
Oh man, the body horror possibilities of Greek mythology! 
how about Mark Z. Danielewski taking on Calvin and Hobbes 
Yes I just re-listened to his dark materials my god it's a breathtaking and intricate series.   To piggy back, I would want Phillip Pullman to write a series on dumbledors life from grindlevold to Harry.  Dumbledor had that rich deepeness that I think Pullman could capture.  
Saruman's point of view is featured in a couple of chapters and you actually kind of agree with him. 
Book 1: The Pernicious Praetorians  Book 2: The Baseless Barbarians  Book 3: The Conniving Christians  Book 4: The Embarrassing Emperors  Book 5: The Scrambled Split  Book 6: The Grave Goths  Book 7: The Petrifying Plagues  Book 8: The Blighted Byzantines  Book 9: The Vicious Vandals  Book 10: The Contemptible Crusades  Book 11: The Troubled Territories  Book 12: The Objectionable Ottomans  Book 13: The End 
I didn't realize how badly I need Margaret Atwood's version of the story of Lot until now.  
He'd take as long to write the book as Odysseus takes to get home.  
I actually kind of want to read Neil Gaiman's Hitchhiker's Guide.  
*Toy Story 2* is more of a Tolkien tale. In the first one they'd barely leave the Shire. 
"It was a lone tree burning on the desert. A heraldic tree that the passing storm had left afire. The solitary pilgrim drawn up before it had traveled far to be here and he knelt in the hot sand and held his numbed hands out while all about in that circle attended companies of lesser auxiliaries routed forth into the inordinate day, small owls that crouched silently and stood from foot to foot and tarantulas and solpugas and vinegarroons and the vicious mygale spiders and beaded lizards with mouths black as a chowdog's, deadly to man, and the little desert basilisks that jet blood from their eyes and the small sandvipers like seemly gods, silent and the same, in Jeda, in Babylon. A constellation of ignited eyes that edged the ring of light all bound in a precarious truce before this torch whose brightness had set back the stars in their sockets." **Blood Meridian** 
Can you write a whole book in 140 character chunks?  
That sort of exists. It's called *The Crystal Star*, was written by an author who'd done a lot of Star Trek novels before attempting a Star Wars one, and easily ranks up there as one of the absolute wierdest Star Wars stories. 
Please don't contact George R. R. Martin, please.  
This the what I expected when I clicked this thread.  
Sorry this is invalid, you need 5 more instances of the word "Euclidean" in that paragraph for it to be proper Lovecraft 
He wouldn't get to the animal sex, he'd get stuck writing about food. 
He's written several extremely unsettling short stories. They're awesome and full of great ideas and some of those ideas ended up in his childrens books.  Just a fun fact for you. 
Sure. But then it wouldn't have made a billion dollars with teenage girls and bored wistful mothers. I think you mean that's what you'd like the story to have been. Should is kind of a weird word in the context.  
Pratchett taking a go at Le Carre' or Flemming would be interesting.  
I've always thought of *Equal Rites* as a kind of gender flipped Harry Potter. The books are more dissimilar than they are similar but the similarities are still there. 
I would not like it in my mouth I would not like it further down south. I would not like it in my box I would not like it with more cocks. 
I'm sure there'd also be entire chapters of the Steele girls sitting around gossiping/bitching about various suitors as well. 
"If I were a younger man, I would write a history of human stupidity; and I would climb to the top of the Wall and lie down on my back with my history for a pillow; and I would wait for the Others who make wights out of men; and I would make a wight of myself, lying on my back, grinning horribly, and thumbing my nose at The Old Gods" 
I think I'm imagining a really rich ensemble cast of supernatural beings in India whose complex species politics (the vampires' internal strife amongst various covens, their united war against the werewolves, their shaky on-again-off-again alliance with ghosts, etc.) are a larger allegory for the difficult transition from colonial oppression to postcolonial self-fulfillment.  Is that about what you're imagining?  
Tobias: "I'm saying I'm a falcon who dreamt he was a man and loved it. But now the dream is over and the falcon is awake."  ^^^^^^^^i ^^^^^^^^know ^^^^^^^^that's ^^^^^^^^not ^^^^^^^^kafka ^^^^^^^^but ^^^^^^^^it ^^^^^^^^fits 
That's because she only wrote every fifth book or something like that. All the others are ghost written 
As a non-native speaker of the English language who's reading Lovecraft for the first time, in English, I must say that this here reads exactly like his work. I must confess that many times  my brain hurts when I'm reading his tales because of how he uses some words and phrasings that are not very used nowadays. 
The Queer Case Of The Notes Pertaining To The Investigation Of The Case Of The Diary Of One Harold Potter 
This would actually be a fantastic way to read Shakespeare. They'd beat you over the head with the jokes until you understood them. 
Have you seen the Netflix series? It sticks pretty much *exactly* to the books, but adds even more VFD conspiracy and is even more depressing. 
Yes, indeed. Cheap malt liquor and beer shits drove me to create this username years ago. 
Words cannot explain how much I adore this. And it actually scans too! 
We are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the universe. Prepare to die. 
My favorite Pratchett books are his Macbeth cover and his religion medley. 
Instead of being from England,  Harry and co. will be foul mouth kids from Maine.  
The opening scene would have Bilbo Chinaski plastered to high hell in his derelict tree house while he starts *The Hobbit.* Frodo, not giving a Balrog's ass that Gandalf was coming to town, would be banging Rosie in the Green Dragon while Sam was out cutting the verge.   I think, with no uncertainty, that Gimli would be the only character that wouldn't have to be rewritten.  
You mean like Trump 'covering' a book like *Great Expectations* (*Yuge ~~Expectations~~ Hopes*)? 
They would probably wander the desert forever, but also be immortal.  
man i would be so down for an entire series from saruman's pov, as written by grrm 
That said Tolkien did take a long long time to write the books. It's just that they were all published in short succession since he actually wrote it as one book that was then split into three. 
Considering Sean Bean is Borromir, he might as well keep that scene but make his mad dash for power a desperate plea for saving his people of Gondor.  *Mordor is Coming* 
Margaret Atwood wrote a parallel perspective kind of work to Homer's Odyssey called the Peneloppiad, and it's fascinating. Would highly recommend.  Also just cause I've never found anywhere else to put this on reddit, she came to my university to give a talk a couple years ago, and she was fucking hysterical the entire time. People left with their chests hurting from laughing so hard, it was amazing. That woman deserves so much respect. 
He did write that one episode of Doctor Who, so I can actually kinda see this. 
Is there a link to all the nominees and winners of that? I love original questions like this, instead of the unpopular opinion/irrational hatred/greatest movie of all time/ sexiest sex you ever sexed questions I see all the time.  
That's after tomorrow's "which covered novel would you be *least* excited to read" thread, right? 
What's that?  You want me to write a book that's not Winds of Winter?  Sure, I've got plenty of time for that! 
Given how much I remember Strawberry Cordial and candied chestnuts about as much as I remember actual plot lines... I shudder to think about how many ~~pages~~ chapters George would cover with table spreads. 
His short stories are not for children. Do not let your grade schooler read those. Speaking from experience here.  
Holden Caulfield is just evidence that every new generation of teenager in the history of mankind has been shitty in the same basic way.  
~~Straker~~ Barlow is such a stone cold badass in that book. When the priest tries to get at him with his holy symbol and he's just like...nah, bruh, you ain't hard. and the light just dies down and withers away and the priest gets eaten 
The Spy Who Came in from Ankh Morpork/ DiscWorld is Not Enough, if you will. 
I recall Terry telling a story from a signing. Someone brought a book to him and said "look. I've worked it out. Ponder Stibbons, glasses, awkward boy who goes to a magical school. This is based on Harry Potter isn't it?" Terry turned to the front of the book and pointed out the 1992 publishing date.   Equal Rites was also written a decade before Potter.  
I do not like it in that way  I do not like this, Mr. Grey 
this is far and away the coolest clip of writing i've come across on reddit in a long while, probably ever. the marriage of the tones works so well for the topic you chose. To contrast my own ineloquent self, Fucking A dude.  
nobody does morbid better than Faulkner. see also: A Rose for Emily 
tobias got stuck as a hawk; jake morphed a falcon, JEEZE 
She wrote the first 25/26 and only the outlines of the rest until the last two, which she personally wrote. 
I'm a native English speaker and his stuff makes my head hurt too. Pretty sure there's some dark magics involved 
It is neither and it isn't a summoning spell, either. Cthulhu's worshipers in The Call of Cthulhu story chant "Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn" ("In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.")  It's not a summoning spell so much as it's a statement of fact. Like a Catholic saying, "Jesus loves you," or something like that. 
It's not that hard to understand. Just take all the jokes you don't understand and assume they're sexual innuendo. You'll probably be right. 
It reads so much better because it reads like Adams, not like Hitchhiker's Guide. It reminds me of a Dirk Gently novel.  
Universal did everything possible to fuck up the American distribution. They spent ages trying to edit in a *happy ending* - after all the critics had seen the director's cut at festivals and private showings. People starting asking if an unreleased film could win an Oscar. 
The second rule is to never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line 
Wait which one's the Scottish Play? Lords and Ladies? 
Funny but Eddie never knew his father either and he did pretty well 
And it's the same "ancient quote" "modern rock lyric" pairing that he does all the time. 
Some people are calling them the Greatest Expectations in history 
Nah. They'd be forced to wander the desert to search for something they can't find, and once they find it, they can go home to the promised land. Only to find that what they were searching for is a mystic form of death itself. In doing so, making them quasi immortal because it takes so long to find it and they can't die until they do. 
The first third is like that but it gets easier to read further in. 
I mean, they take God out of the box (allusions to Pandora's box, with hope being left inside). So you're both kinda right. The kids accidentally kill God, and God likes it. Called the Authority in the book.  Source: Wrote my MA thesis on it. 
Just like all these modern renditions of fairy tales? 
Either that, or  "What do you mean the manuscript is due tomorrow? Of course I've written it. I'll send it to you tomorrow."  And the conversation goes on for a few years  
We're really good at the alcoholism thing though, don't forget that.   
Pleased to hear I wasn't the only one transfixed by the banquets predominantly 
Roald Dahl regularly had articles published in Playboy. Few people know because the magazine is better known for its photo journalism. 
Stick to the stuff he actually wrote. After a while he got famous enough that he began "collaborating" with other authors. They write the books, using his characters and world building, and Clancy puts his name in big letters on the front of the book. The quality suffered immensely. Try Red Storm Rising to start. It's a stand alone work about war between NATO and the USSR set mostly in the north Atlantic and Europe.  
He actually doesn't get eaten.  He goes on to appear in a number of other Stephen King books 
*The Last Continent*! I really love the plotline with the Wizards and Mrs. Whitlow. 
"Then speak the safety word," he'd say,   "And I shall put the cane away."  But I don't want the cane to stop   I want the whip, I need the strop  Wide belts leave welts and bruises and tears   He chooses abuses with malice and care  The next strike could land any time, anywhere   I have sweat on my brow and have sweat in my hair   The ropes tie me up and I hang in the air    He won't let me go   My pussy juice runs   But he isn't finished   And won't let me cum  So nut in my butt and tell me we're done! 
Jake and Cassie know thier child is a yurk and have to exploit him for information.  Tobais is a drug addict who, in a high, gets locked as a falcon. His insanity thereafter has to be kept in check.  Marco struggles to pay his bills while fighting an alien invasion.  Reachal sacrifices her marriage to the fight. Her lose is less then Jakes? She struggles with that conflict.  And Ax? Well, hes hiding in walmart stores for relative savages despite being a former prince. Why even save them?     
it's been more than a decade please forgive me lmao 
She also stepped in for #32, the infamous starfish cover. 
Don't read it aloud or you may summon something by accident. 
Lovecraft himself also actually had a cat named Niggerman. 
The Niggerman in that story was actually named after his own cat. 
Or assume they're high comedy with no sexual undertones at all, and youd also be right! (Shakespear was a master at appealing to both the low classes and the nobility, often within the same jokes, as the nobility often wouldn't understand the slang used by the lower classes, so itd mean something entirely different to both groups) 
I believe the "Love Conquers All" edition was the work of Sid Sheinberg, who also tried to change *Back To The Future* to *Space Man From Pluto*. 
Wyrd Sisters is Macbeth from the witches point of view. 
Folks, believe me folks. I have the Greatest Expectations. People are saying my Expectations are unlike anything they've ever seen. Folks, you're never gonna get tired of it, believe me.  
Honestly, if this was actually a story in the Simirillian, I wouldn't be surprised 
I found the opposite actually. First bits were interesting, then they got super difficult to read. 
i ALSO wrote my MA Thesis on HDM! :D HIGH FIVE BEST FRIEND 
You know what all of those have in common, as do fairy tales?  They are out of copyright.  We'd see this happen much more frequently if copyright was limited to its original term instead of practically permanent, as it is today. 
I think it would more be that how everything is written and presented would change. The flavor of the text would change, even if the plot didn't. How an author chose to present the events might change as well, even if the events didn't.  "It was a dark and stormy night" evokes something different than "Rain fell. Thunder clapped. Twelve times the bell rung in the dark." or simply "It was night time and there was a storm." It all carries a different flavor to it even if all of it describes the same events. 
 dont forget to add about 5 different synonyms for ethereal and perhaps add some 'unknowable strangeness' or some such.  
I have never found anything  that makes a mostly vegetarian diet sounds as good as the redwall series did.  
I'm not making fun out of him - the food porn is one of the main reasons to read redwall. 
The old "I read it for the articles" quip is actually not that hard to believe. Some of the articles that I have read in playboy have been top notch. 
Seconded for Red Storm Rising. It's his second book after Hunt for Red October. I don't think he'd really planned on making Jack Ryan a franchise at the time. I think he was just writing books.   Anyway, Red Storm Rising is a fantastic look at what modern day WWIII would look like using conventional Cold War weapons.   I read this when I was in the Navy. No spoilers, but IIRC, the ship I was on was in the book at one point.  
~~Jack wants your liiiiife~~  Jack hunts his wiiiiife 
No turning back  No backing down  No where to run No silent ground   No place to hide  No one to trust  No one to help you When you're lost  There's only us   It's all in your hands  Hold on, Hold back the darkness  Gotta' take a stand  It's all in your hands 
The one where Rachel beats someone to death using her own severed arm. People usually forget that part. 
I'm ashamed to say I haven't read much Shakespeare except for what they forced on me in high school, but that sounds *hella* interesting, any chance you can think of an example for me? 
today i finally learned....  also i had never seen the wintergreen lifesaver thing after knowing about it for like 15 years 
Fiunary (n): The safe place you put something and then forget where it was.  
Crap I need to reread/finish reading the witches books. I never noticed the Shakspeare allegories. 
Brutally heartbreaking and bittersweet beauty is what Tolkien was a master at second to his mastery of language. He was a genius. 
Eh, most fans think we'll eventually get TWOW. A Dream of Spring on the other hand. . . 
I always did, but I'm only 35. By the time I got a Playboy sub in college, free porn online was everywhere. No need to pay for it. I paid for the articles and the interviews.  
I don't remember this one at all. I thought I read up to 39, too. 
Watch his ears. Squish anything that comes out of them. 
The Andalite Chronicles was AMAZING. The whole ending with the guy seeing the life he could have had and sacrificing it to save his people was legitimately touching for an Animorphs book  
Wow, what's it like finding out he's gay just now? 
Love this movie! It was incredibly moving. I watched it the other day and was curious about the experiences of others and if they were able to relate. I probably should have worded the question differently...  
Ahh, that takes me back to the golden afternoons of my youth, where, as a just-blossoming maiden, I was enchanted by the smell of dicks floating intoxicatingly on summer breezes. 
Quite a few apparently, I've seen several posts purporting to be from blind people. Using text to speech and brail keyboards is the most common method  
I'm pretty sure it's a cultural trope that most people (men and women, gay and straight) prefer to close their eyes while kissing and turn the lights down (or even off) during sex. We might think we're all about visuals, but actually when it comes down to it, there's a lot more going on that we often don't think about. 
It's question i never knew i needed an answer too, and it has an answer that seems so obvious now 
I mean... It's kind of the same as asking how blind people could be attracted to women. Because they can't see doesn't mean they don't have a sex drive. 
If your a straight blind man, how do you know if your a tits or ass man? 
I love this movie! I watched it the other day and was very curious about the experiences of others and if they related to the movie. It was very moving.  
I also remember seeing an AskReddit about how blind people know they're done wiping.   My favorite answer was, "when it stops feeling greasy".   I can never not think that now.  
That's what happens when Gay is used as an umbrella term for both gays and lesbians. 
Did he ever find a fulfilling relationship? How does a blind person gauge the attractiveness of people? 
As a non-blind gay guy, I can actually relate to his anecdote a lot. Beyond just appearances, there's something about men that just feels different from women. 
How does a blind person go about reading something online? 
Take your upvote and get outta here, ya hooligan.  
You really should watch it. It's great.  To answer your question, iirc he starts falling for Gabriel before any face-fondling happens.  
I'm sure many youthful men were as enchanted by the smell of your desirable muffin wafting on that same summer breeze. 
Up close, sure, it's delicious. But if you can smell it "from afar", there's something wrong with it.  
I mean, I get how they post stuff, but imagine having to start reading a post, not knowing at that point if it's going to be a shitpost. I mean, you can see them easily, but I'd feel betrayed every time I started reading braille or starting the "text to voice" and it turned out to be the marine copypasta again   
Could you imagine just staring each other in the eyes the whole time. That would be a nightmare. 
It does seem a reasonable and logical response doesn't it? 
I'm a little concerned at how familiar you are with what a sweaty ferret would feel like. Also concerned about the dicks you've jerked off if they feel like a sweaty ferret. 
*squeeze*  Nope, don't like that.  *squeeze*  OOH. I like that. 
Just cause you see him there doesn't mean he sees you there. 
But my question is the same, we understand dick in meat feels good but how do you know what gender of meat you prefer? 
There's a blind sub on reddit. There are lots of ways blind people use computers 
Oh my goodness! Fresh Sprog! I feel part of the club now! :) 
Well, when I ~~see~~ interact with some men I want to fuck them. So far I've never ~~seen~~ interacted with a woman who I wanted to fuck.  
I did think it probably inspired this question but I was very surprised none of the other answers mentioned it 
Reddit's the 4th most visited site in the US and in the top 10 in the world.  I think there's more than 5 blind gay people here. 
Kudos to you for caring about accessibility.  So few do. 
But, if you stand absolutely still, they won't be able to detect you. 
They have gadgets. Refreshable braille, which is hardware that have retractable pins. They also can get screen readers that translates screen contents to synthetic speech.   Source: obsessed with Christopher Gorham who played a blind guy in Covert Affairs 
I usually see them coming, especially if the narration is especially stylistic and "narrative-esque", you know? But this was written with that "ramble" cadence that comes with amateur storytelling. Fucking got me. 
Yeah he has that kind of intensity in his face even though the coach is blind, I can see what his blind brother saw in him. 
He's probably a really good athlete. Might even go pro some day. 
He never did. I think he said that a lot of attractiveness is in voice for him.  
At least it's not completely full of fake stories answering the ridiculously specific and ultra rare situational question.  *"Oh, finally I get to answer a question..."*  You know, like:  "People who have slept with Brad Pitt on Fathers Day 1996 on a waterbed with a German Shepard in the room and Motley Crew on the radio, how was the chicken dinner?"  *- 40,000 Replies.* 
As another gay guy, can concur. I can look at women and say she's pretty out gorgeous and even consider if I would bang and occasionally I would bang. But I simply don't feel I could connect and love a woman on the same emotional level as I could with another man. For me women are more strange and complicated than they are to straight men. I was and still am a masculine guy, my friends are all men and straight, with a handful of women most of which are butch lesbians or brohoes. I just don't connect with or understand women very well at all.  I feel more comfortable with men. There's just something about holding another man intimately that is just so far and away different to doing the same with a woman. It's indescribable.   
Assisted reading devices/programs. Basically software that reads a page out loud for you. 
I think Reddit fuzzes subscribers and online sub's in a similar fashion to the way in which the fuzz votes. I once created a completely random sub, and within one second (literally immediately after creating it) there were like 13 subs and 70-odd online. Obviously that was complete BS. So my guess is *fuzzing*. I could be completely wrong though.  
Very popular in the sexually repressed southeast US. 
Huh, that's super interesting. Must be the pheromones.  
Blind people lose their ability to see in exchange for the ability to mentally blow each other. 
Many blind people, including myself, are able to listen to our TTS software multiple times faster than a sighted person can read. So at most, it takes maybe 3 seconds for us to realize it's a shitpost :p. 
Not really. Reddit is an example of a site with good accessibility. Source, blind guy. 
When are you going to tell him that you're just using him for sex, and you'll never be a couple? 
You should be more concerned about what I am doing with sweaty ferrets 
Its actually built into every windows PC.  You can turn it on, and anything the mouse hovers over is read.  I'm sure there are better programs, but you can access it quickly through the fast user screen in the lower left corner.  It looks like a wheel of fortune.  
That's really depressing.  I'm going to make a point to share his story with the "being gay is a choice " crowd.   This guy's case is yet another example of where "choosing" to be gay has literally no benefits and leads to a sadder life. No way he "chose" to be gay. Thanks for the response.  
You're under arrest!  It's a crime you can't see how hawt I am. 
Same, my vision is worse than 20/200 without correction, but since it can be corrected to near perfect with glasses I'd never call myself blind. It's more just a fun fact when people ask how bad my vision is.  
It's funny, but I basically had this issue with a friend of mine. I knew he way gay quite before he came to terms with it himself.  When I he told me "I have something to tell you and I'm not sure if you'll be ok with it"  He seemed rather surprised when I told him "dude, if you're telling me you're gay, I've known for a long time"   
My response will get buried, but I absolutely love hearing about significant others, gay or straight.  I'm a straight male, but love to gossip and chat like a beauty shop girl.  Weird, gross, interesting, or personal, I'm 100% game.  That's why I prefer having female friends and working with women, they seem to be way more open than guys are.  Or maybe I'm just nosy and/or a creep. 
Reading your comment was an intense experience. Thank you 
Which still works a lot fucking better than speech to text programs. Especially if you exclude Dragonspeak. Damn. 
Yeah that doesn't mean I automatically know how they're doing it.  
Well that can't be right. I've seen walls of text that turned out to be shitposts near the end. And I mean screen filling. Having to listen to all of that could never be faster, that's not how sound works.  
In theory there should be an aria-label attribute on the save button for comments.  
Good friend of mine is a faaaaaar right, borderline alt-right, party line republican. Hates mainstream gay culture with a passion.  Is full-bore gay himself. 
I can see perfectly well and I needed this translation, thank you. 
No it's not, it's engineering you stupid....   Oh. 
i used myself for sex. it was horrible and i think i need counseling.  
And who's sweat is on them since ferrets can't sweat. 
Well, blind people wouldn't know he looks like a troll, he could have firsts with the blind ones... 
And some straight people like dick-shaped objects in their ass too! 
I work with a few seminary students in my office. Their new reasoning is that being gay is a mental illness and should not be catered to.  
your story is almost identical to mine.   I attracted to this one guy's voice and liked the sound of his laugh. turns out he wasn't bad looking either, but i don't think i would have talked to him nearly as much and gotten to know him if i didn't like how he sounded and just wanted to get him to talk more.   we just celebrated out third anniversary last fall 
The conspiracy theory is Stevie wonder has been playing us for all these years.  
I knew my brother was gay long before he came out to the family.  He asked me to get something from his room once, but forgot that he left all his gay porn mags on his bed.  Later he tried to claim that it was for a college class in Human Sexuality, but that was a total lie - they don't make you buy 30+ gay porn mags; if available at all, they'd be viewable in the reading room at no charge.  Anyway, it was a shocker to walk in on that, but it certainly explained a lot of things about my brother to teenage me, like why he never had a girlfriend but had plenty of 'guy' friends. 
I am a straight male but I get along WAY better with women and gay guys.  My two best friends are gay guys (both of whom I've known since childhood.) Why?  It seems like most of the straight guys I know are always trying to make fun of each other or out-wit each other, crack jokes, or talk about sports.--I don't like small talk, and I'm not into sports very much.  I like deeper, conversation-type questions and...conversations.  I hope that makes sense.    So, unfortunately, it's really, really hard for me to make new friends. 
It's honestly the same stuff as what happens in straight relationships but with different pronouns, I've noticed. It's harder to deal with my poly friends, if only because trying to keep all their love interests straight gets a bit confusing after a while.  
Tell me if this has ever happened to you (because it's happened to me more than once)...   The two of you are out somewhere... dinner, a party, whatever... She leaves your side for a minute... off to the restroom, mingling, whatever... While she's gone someone catches the corner of your eye. Not that you're eyeing other women, just that subconscious moment when someone catches your attention and your mind fires off "whoa, that's an attractive woman"... and then your conscious catches up as your turn your head to look and you realize... "Yeah, that's my wife coming back into the room". That's one of my favorite feelings/moments in my entire life. I wish it upon *EVERYONE*. :) 
Did the blind gay person even know about Undertaker throwing Makind from Hell in a Cell in the first place? 
True, but I suppose, if it aint broke, don't fix it, haha. My screen reader reads the button perfectly fine at least. 
There's something about a blind person getting stoned that I just can't picture  
I thought it was a guy sucking a dick. I mean it was what the thread was about, so we were already there. 
I would enthusiastically suck a dick for $2500 too. Spend $100 on liquor and roofies afterwards then you just wake up with $2400 in your pocket and no idea how it got there.  
My search history now contains the question "can ferrets sweat". 
Alot of straight guys like a finger in the ass as they get a BJ. 
I think you missed your target with that quoted word. 
Interesting.  My wife and I have both said we would be very unsurprised if our current 6 year old were to come out as gay. 
My straight-guy friendships go through stages. Surface interactions around sports/jokes/events/girls, into deeper chats about politics, etc., and then into insights into their relationships, their feelings and goals and fears, etc.  At each stage you lose a lot, until at the end I have just a few core friends that I'm so open with, and they're open in return. But it's worth it, and it definitely happens with men. If you want it to. 
Being poly just seems so exhausting, on top of the jealousy it would surely cause in me. I only have time for one woman. I have video games to play!  
Has happened to me. I was in the OR my doctor came in and I was like wow he's hot. Then I realized he was my husband! I was like damn I did good. :) 
Easy there friend! Gentle unto that sweet butthole, you only get issued the one. 
I've been duped by Vargas a number of times. Never disappoints. 
I have no interest in clicking, but I'm curious about the logistics. I assuming these guy are tucking their dicks under and between their legs to insert into their butthole. Impressive lengths aside, surely this can't be done when the dick is hard? But if it's soft, how could they possibly get it in?   So many questions, so little desire to be scarred for life! 
Depends on if you're normally a dick like that though. I know I am so I could easily do it, but if you never joke? 
You're not being torn dawg. You just get to enjoy the best of both worlds  
Yeah. There are certainly some cases where it will be a shitpost that you don't realize it's a shitpost until the end, the 3.50 sea monster for example. Overall though, I find shitposts funny, so it doesn't bother me personally. 
Duped? No, you have had the pleasure of basking in the wonder and glory that is a /u/_vargas_ post. Consider yourself among the lucky ones, the vast majority of humanity to this point has been in the dark, not knowing they were missing the majesty ofhis beautiful prose. 
Yeah because even with the small sample size he's technically gay unless he plays with some more dicks.  
Now, because of the logistics, I think I will have an interesting shower filled with science, self discovery, and disgust.  
That's not all you have to uphold, eh eh?  (I'm talking about balls) 
I'm in a successful straight relationship of 6 years.  She was the first person I really opened up to about it.  The bonus is, I guess you could say the relationship is "open" and I get to explore who "me" is.  I think if I was expected to be either gay or straight and didn't have an understanding partner, I'd go nuts. 
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know... 
It's said the welsh invented the condom, thousands of years ago, from the intestines of a sheep. Later, an Englishman realized you could remove them from the sheep first! 
Well, he's enjoyed 72.72% (repeating oc) of the genetalia he's played with. 12.5% of those he enjoyed were dicks. 
Needs to really cradle the shaft if he wants a *raise*.  
I never understood why there are people who get upset if their partner is bi. It's not like they're going to cheat on you BECAUSE they're bi, and if it's before or after you, why does it matter?   Love and let love.  
...  Gives a whole new meaning to "ribbed for her pleasure" 
Like half melted marshmallow.  Some of the clingy ones, but due to the Sheer numbers (don't know if sheer counts as a slight pun... I'll take it) they know what's going on. They get around just as much as we do. This is also applicable for the 3rd question. 
If you're gonna twist the numbers I can do that too. 100% of the genitalia he did not enjoy were female. Also, we don't have enough information to prove your numbers are correct. You're just guessing.  
Good old basic steamed rice. The only thing added will be the food that you give. 
So I saw this and thought I'd sub in for our awesome friend here, since I just happened to haven some leftover rice for dinner.  Blue Moon beer - 9/10  Blue Moon over rice - 6/10  Taste isn't even that bad, but I made a serious miscalculation over the fact that the rice would warm up the beer. 
Considering he's 14 he's probably just annihilating his parents kitchen right now.  
I always loved eating rice so I wanted to know what would make it horrible! 
Hot dog: 8/10  Hot dog with rice in the bun: 8/10  This is pretty good, would reccomend for anyone wanting to try something different. 
For sure. Probably gonna go to the gym later and do a whole pushup then come eat more. 
I let my friend borrow my webcam for a while, but I might do a similar thread where I eat more foods over something else.   
Who cares if I get sick, I'm making people happy!  Strawberry jam: 9/10  Strawberry jam with rice: 8/10   It makes like a sweet layer on top of the rice it's actually pretty good. 
I don't need gold, just seeing others giving me an excuse to eat food is good enough (: 
I read this earlier and tried it out, I got to say it sweetened the rice and made it not too bad (: 
Hopefully you'll be able to catch the next time I do something like this! 
Are all these ratings theoretical? Or are you trying each response yourself? 
i didn't realize everybody was teleporting the food to you.  
That's because you didn't pair it with your finest milk steak. 
Are you claiming to actually be eating these combinations? I don't see how that's possible since most of your comments are only a minute or two apart. 
wat.  Rice is 10/10 but pumpkin pie is only 9?!  I call BS. 
I sometimes eat instant noodle or noodle in general with rice. Most vegetables go well with rice, as well as meat, fish, and potato. And yes I'm an asian. 
I've been on Reddit since I was 13 (5 years ago), and to date - you are my favorite OP yet.  10/10 A+++++ would upvote again -IGN 
I've laughed harder at all your responses than ever before on any thread. Thanks OP.  
It was in 50's. Gelatin in everything - tuna mayo Jello banana loaf, anyone? 
I could imagine sticky rice wrapped around a hot dog and lightly fried until the rice is crispy would be quite tasty 
Implying that there is a right cereal to be rice-d. 
You should make a site doing nothing but this.   I know I'd go to it. 
That actually sounds pretty close to kheer. Find a kheer recipe and cook some up. Yum. 
My favorite machine at the gym is the snack machine 
You could burn the rice considerably. That would make it pretty bad. 
I am weird, I used to eat the powdered drinks unmixed.   It was a more of a love for the citric acid than anything else.   I once got chemical burns on my tongue from eating pure citric acid.    
Ugh, did you chew and swallow all that gum and rice? You might have a rough time tomorrow. 
I like this one. Definitely the most begrudging "thank you." In your whole post. 
No, fuck you. You're getting gold and you're going to fucking like it.  
I try a bit of all of the suggestions I am able to do. 
he is going to the magic house that you can trade munny for food 
I'm making and eating all of these over a time span, and then posting about them at the same time. 
Jesus. I rarely comment these days. This one makes me really hungry.  
Every week I could have a main ingredient and have people tip to see what they want eaten with it. This would be awesome. 
My favorite machine at the gym is the machine that turns the machines off.  A plug.  
Joke's on you. Burning is a chemical reaction, thus resulting in a completely different substance. Rice plus burnt rice. The unwavering tastiness of rice prevails against doubters such as thee.  
Can confirm. Straight citric acid locks my jaw and makes me drool.  
Lava isn't the hottest thing known to man, but are you going near lava? Didn't think so.  
It's kind of a sad and angry way of saying thanks for your useless crap. 
Okay, doing it as fast as possible, give me 4 years. 
Normal 14 year olds online: 0/10   Normal 14 year olds online with rice: 10/10   Thank you for your suggestion 
You remind me of my buddy from work.  He does shit like that.  Just dead stares you in the eye while he does weird shit.  I fucking love that kid. 
I actually may do that, but noodles are a bit more expensive, so I'm not as sure. 
If I had one of those suits volcanologists wear, then hell yeah I would. 
"Our *favorite/best* accident."  As my mother would say.  
If meaningless stories entertain me, i don't care if they're true or not. 
I deliver pancakes to fat people for money on tuesdays. 
In a weird way, I miss the days when "I don't have a digital camera" and "I don't have a webcam" were excuses that anyone would buy. It made the internet more mysterious. 
I think you could convince reddit to crowd fund the expenses in exchange for pictures of each dish along with your rating(s). It'd be like the new Epic Meal Time. 
Start with small bullets in order to build up immunity for larger bullets. 
Which one? I have the 4 and can't find it. But you did lead me to discover a bunch of ballin' options so thanks! 
Carrot cake isn't exactly the first cake i think off either 
With your username, did someone in this thread somewhere suggest spaghetti?  
I'm not even mad that an OP 11 years my junior is more entertaining than I ever have been or will be on reddit.  ^^Aight ^^I'm ^^a ^^little ^^mad. 
Are they always fat, or do you make them that way? 
I even pooped a little. Granted I am in the bathroom.   
I'm trying to make sure that almost everyone gets a reply. And dear lordie I have way too many replies to even count. 
Thanks! It's good to know that I made your day happy :) 
You live at hunter2? That's not even a valid address!  
I had a 75 year old neighbor that I grew really close to.   She called me asking if I could help set her new tv up, then we tallked about music and movies, then she set up a weekly movie/music night and the neighborhood would get together to watch movies.  One day she came out sluggish and told me she had a cold and wanted to cancel movie night, then that night she fell and just like that couldn't walk anymore.   Ended up being parkinsons, and I had to watch her slowly lose any ability to speak or move while being completely conscious.  The last movie I watched with her was Ferris Bueller's Day Off.   That was a year ago and for some reason she has really been on my mind lately. Simply mowing the lawn for your neighbor probably makes her day. Its company.  
I'm not dying, that I know of, and only have had one health issue that's popped up a few times (spontaneous pneumothorax).  What you said is spot on though. People go through life like their jobs, possessions, and money are everything.  It's what it gets you that matters. Financial security is important, but beyond that, I don't care about my job.   Living your life is what matters, however you want to do it.   
I've got to say that this may not seem like much to you, but this offer is legitimately amazing.   I have a serious, long-term health condition that requires outpatient infusions every few weeks and if there's one thing that gets me through those days it's a good array of snacks. Don't get me wrong, quality reading material, some laptop or mobile games, and, when available, good company, all go a long way; but the snacks are critical to getting through the day. Especially when nausea starts to kick in or when the nausea goes away and it feels like I haven't eaten in years.    So, good on you for making this offer! It could be just what someone needs to get through what may otherwise feel like yet another shitty day.  
My sister has this.  She's doing a lot better than when she was first diagnosed but it was rough the first couple of years.  That is very nice of you to offer your support for those struggling with similar diseases.  
Take him anyway, even if the kid is in a carrier.  Let your Dad talk to him and tell him about fishing and show him things.  Record it with your phone and save a copy to your computer and keep it for when the kid gets older.   Learning those things from a Grandfather is just absolutely awesome, even if it is years after that time it actually happens.  Also, watching your Dad talk to your kid will be something special for you as well. 
It's good to accept it, with some things that's all you can do.   My mother also has severe cirrhosis of the liver and probably has a year or two left.  
This is a great idea! I'll look into the the 501(c)(3) requirements to create one. Anyone know what the best way to be visibility on this is? 
I've cried so much reading all these but yours has been my favorite comment cause it's real.  Humans are a fucked up bunch for sure.  I feel so guilty sometimes being an introverted single mom and letting my children play their video games and watch their YouTube videos while I read stuff on Reddit that makes me cry or photoshop my cats head onto my body.  We are all healthy and should be camping and playing laser tag, but in the end that's where we'd all rather be in those moments.  Then, I see something dumb like little brother opening the jelly jar for big man and my heart swells with love for them and life itself, just before we all part ways and do our own thing again.  Life is so weird.  
Let me chat with you a bit, yeah? I can actually help with this. PM me. Not kidding, man. I can get this done for you. 
I'm a mod at /r/redsox, I'll keep you in mind as sometimes last minute tickets show up on the sub. Do you live close to Fenway for short notice games or would you require some more advanced notice? Weekday vs. weekend games? 
That's why you should always dress nicely. You never know when you'll die unexpectedly and be stuck with that as your ghost outfit forever. 
Tattoos are hard work, that's very generous of you. 
Do you think he'd like another tshirt? I live in Yorkshire, in the UK. I could send him a interesting one. I'm trying to find a reason to live at the moment. So anything I can do to help anyone. Please let me know. 
It depends. If it's old school chemo yeah it can be ugly. But there a lot better treatments now. They can analyze the cancer mutations and find the best chemo. If your cancer has a known mutation then targeted chemo can knock it out, or at least buy you a lot more time with possibly fewer side effects. More and more cancers are being treated this way everyday.  So at the very least, ask. Even get the biopsy/genetics done. Then the doc can tell you more.   
People will comb through comment history for sure, and if it's a throwaway (with an outrageous request) I'll probably be more cynical about it. 
I need something from you.  I need you to continue to be a good person. I need you to be kindness in a world that drowns out all the good and hope with the thunderous sound of artillery fire. I need you to be a beacon of solidarity, and to give something back to the world. We all know the planet is fucked as it is, but I need you to make it a better place. We all need to make it a better place.  I sincerely hope that you get out of this rough spot you mentioned. If there's anything I can do for you, even if it's just a quick chat, I'm only a PM away. Let me know.  ITT: me getting emotional 
Don't think that's needed mate, from the comments here I can safely say Reddit isn't that bad. 
I'm hoping they are all busy doing what they want to be doing! 
The Christmas tree is making me cry. Thank you for taking such loving care of your elder kitty. 
Thanks. I've been journalling the past months for each of them and just basically rambling and telling stories. I've thought about the birthday cards idea as well, but haven't done it yet. Great thoughts about the video hike! I'll definitely add that things to do for them! 
Last time she called me she just wanted to talk to someone I think. She gets out of breath just talking now. Pretty sad stuff.    
I have been fortunate enough to know 8 of my grandparents and great grandparents. Some have passed and I know how much little things like not having the yard mowed can get to someone. Also it's one less thing that the family had to do. Hopefully they spend an extra hour with their grandma.  
Totally unrelated to this thread, but I love your username! I'm a huge fan of Dashboard Confessional!   Also, that's really sweet of you. My dad passed recently, and he was Coast Guard for years. We want to scatter his ashes from a Coast Guard boat, if that's possible. We think he would have loved that.   Thank you for being awesome!  
You're a real bro for writing that. So if he loses, he can just say he was trolling.  
Dear u/KEM10 ,  I think "skip the Irish bar" is good advice, regardless of where in the world you are.  Sincerely,   Ireland 
Wow, great to see someone from Manchester reaching out considering what you guys have just been through.  Props to you my friend!  
Hmm, my mother is getting toward the end of her own journey. I'll ask her if she'd like some mailbox pick-me-ups. Thanks for the idea! 
Your awsome.. hope others tell you from time to time. 
this a million times!   My dad passed away 2 weeks ago from pancreatic cancer and the night before he passed away I took his hand in mine and told him everything that was in my heart. That I forgive him, I apologized if I ever was too harsh on him at times and that one day we'll be riding rollercoasters together again be it in this life or the next. He was a pilot in his younger days and loved anything that had to do with adrenaline.   He passed away the next morning and as painful as it was, I was happy I talked to him.   Sending you internet hugs 
We're in Twin Cities area.  Thanks for responding! Maybe there's someone near us who'd be willing to share their bus for a few hours. I'm just not sure how to even look for something like that. 
If you drive through Arizona, I'm in Tucson and would also be happy to host. I have one cat.  
That winky face makes me want to hit you up when I go to DC! 
My mom died of cancer when I was little and I so wish she had done this. I hear stories about it a lot and it always makes me  sad that my mom didn't leave me anything to remember her by, like a letter or even just pictures. Please consider this!   Best of luck to you and your family!  
Nobody ever sat up on their death-bed and said "Damn! I wish I'd spent more time at work!".  I sometimes wonder how people felt about spending so much of our short lives working before the industrial revolution.  I get the feeling that back then, even the lowliest of workers could go home at the end of the day knowing they'd actually accomplished something.  And at the end of my life, seeing that I'd accomplished something, however humble, would be a comforting thought.  I fear that now, every person who's life isn't a failure but isn't what they hoped it would be, will see their live in the 'service industries' as a waste of 50 years. 
Call her, my mom passed away recently. And I would give everything and anything to see her, even hear her voice or cough again. You never really know how much you truly need that person till they are gone. 
You are an awesome person. Thank you. I already bought that expansion for him as a Father's Day gift, but thank you for the suggestion! 
No, please keep it! He won't be able to keep it for long, so it's better kept by you. THANK YOU for the offer, though  
I think I understand your comment and if it's what I think it is, than thank you so much. What an awesome gesture!!! 
LOL thats no big deal. snacks cant tell the difference. lol 
I'm glad to hear your sister is doing much better! The first years are the hardest and a series of trial and error till you find what routine works for your body. I hope she keeps kicking butt! 
Totally agree...i missed an opportunity for my son to meet his great grandmother before she died. Even if he never remembers it, having a picture or video of that fishing trip would be priceless. 
I was in 3d animation and design for a long time. Wanna do a video together? I'll handle the visual aspect. 
Are you allowed to go on the bone marrow registry? Where I live they don't want my blood because I grew up in the UK but I have registered to donate bone marrow. 
As sure as sunlight shines each day,                                            There comes the darkness of the night.                                           And so too do our lives decay,                                           Fraught with pain and loss and fright.                                            Some will tell you all is well,                                           As darkness draws in from all sides,                                            Eternal sleep straight from the knell;                                           A final trip that each man rides.                                              I don't have answers, only hope,                                           That when that time grows near,                                           Each of us will learn to cope,                                           Through honest grief -- not lies and fear.  
Nah, just the whole if i wanna end on my terms or not and how in the back of the head. 
My mom had hep c for most of her life and was getting bad cirrhosis. She got approved after trying for a long time to get Harvoni, she went through it and is since completely clear of hep c and her liver is going back to normal. If you can get your insurance to approve it, it really does work. 
I've got a chest freezer and questionable morals would be a good writing prompt  
As someone with a fatal (eventually) chronic illness, trust me, none of us think we can do it until we're in the situation. Then the options are killing yourself or living with it. What would you do? People like me often hear that we're very strong. But really, it's more like lack of options. 
Depending on the country, that may or may not be true.  
My Uncle died of the same cancer as well. My mother was in denial so my wife and I pushed her hard to go out there as much as possible. He lived five months from diagnosis and she ended up being there when he passed. All things considered that was a good last five months where they focused on being together as a family. 
My dad is on this treatment - it is called Optune.  The results have been great.  If you can get used to carrying the pack around and wearing the arrays at all times.    He hates it and is super self-conscious about wearing it out - so while it is really good for him, it is starting to effect his quality of life.  Totally recommend it though.  
I know where to get a 2,000 lbs crate of dry macaroni. (Seriously, they're huge)  
Thank you, I appreciate it! I'm more scared for my kids if anything, you know? I don't want them to be scared or worried. They are all under 6, so I obviously haven't told them. I left work for the pregnancy, and now this. Times are tough.  If you don't mind me asking, what did you have done to get rid of it?  
That's absolutely badass and I sincerely hope he takes you up on that offer.  
Before applying to the IRS for tax-exempt status, your new nonprofit needs to incorporate. Becoming a corporation typically involves choosing a legal business name, filing necessary documents with your state's corporate filing office and creating bylaws to dictate how your organization will be run.  Pick a redditor in the state with the lowest filing fees (Delaware), incorporate.  Then apply to the IRS.  It probably takes 6 months total.  Once you're a 501c3 there's all kinds of organizations who will give free stuff to help you technically, like salesforce (for CRM), bluepay for credit card processing, and veritical touch for mailings.   
Thanks for the compliment, but I'm certainly no angel and have been a selfish, petty ass for the majority of my life. I hope I can provide a better direction for my nephew though, and if that's all I accomplish in this life, it's enough for me. 
You would do that? That's incredible! If there are weekend tickets sometime this season, I'd never be able to thank you enough. Wow. 
I'd rather die in sweat pants and an old T-shirt, and be a comfy ghost for all eternity. 
I've never been so early to a sprog comment. But, fuck man, that was beautiful. You're seriously talented. 
I am actually surprised this thread turned out as well as it has so far without being labeled serious. Bravo, Reddit.  
And take (or have someone else take) videos of yourself *with* your kids. They will want to look back and see their relationship with you, and the love you had for them.  
Order some postcards online and get some stamps.  Write to her when you've got something to say.  It only takes a minute or two.  Send her some postcards and stamps in case she wants to write back.  Dementia grandmas don't check email, but postcards matter to them. 
Note: if she ever invites you in for a snack or water after mowing DO IT, even if you're not hungry or have other things to do. When she feels up for that kind of visit, it can have *serious* ripple effects on the rest of her function that day. She might not get out of her chair and walk around or put on her glasses to see detail at all some days... unless she has a good reason. If she seems like she's having a good day, ask her to "come see how you did"-- the elderly and infirm often don't go outdoors for days at a time, even when they're not terminal, but the sunshine and fresh air do wonders for things like appetites and overall mood. (Source; worked end of life and assisted living care.) 
Thanks! Sorry to hear about your father. Even though he isn't here, I still appreciate his service.   In regards to scatter his ashes from a Coast Guard boat, it's totally doable. We've done at least 2 or 3 memorials and scattered ashes since I got down here in 2014. Just reach out to your local Coast Guard unit and see what they have to say. No promises though.  
I'm in, too. Also, there's a sub r/randomactsofcards (i think) they'd probably help as well if you post there. 
 That's what I'm hoping. This is so doable, as another redditor pointed out! 
You can still have a headstone if you get cremated. Everyone on my Dads side who has died has headstones next to eachother but they all got cremated. Saves on space too! 
You forgot to pay the tax of one picture of your cat. 
That's very sweet, but don't shed a tear on my behalf. Ive spent a lot of time and money on vapid, selfish arrogance and complete disregard for the feelings of others.  Im just trying to put a dent in my innumerable sins. 
I don't remember where I first heard/saw this, but I never saw a gravestone that read "John Smith, A beloved, hard working employee"...  
I'm an FFXIV player too. I'd be willing to get him a little something for in-game. Do you know his character's name and server? 
Not too be morbid...but maybe your dad could just look after it for a while and you could mail it back to u/tsukihi3 once your dad doesn't need it anymore? 
Yup! I have some hope that CRISPR may eventually help cure genetic diseases like this, but I rather doubt we'll see it in her lifetime, or mine for that matter. At the very least, even if it does come out and becomes widespread, I think there will already be too much permanent damage, but at least we could seriously help future generations. 
My paternal grandfather was dying in the same hospital I was born in, and my mom told me when I was younger, that my dad grabbed teeny-brand-new me, ignored all the nurses, and brought me to see his father for one visit before he passed on. My dad's a whacko, but I'm glad he did that. 
I know what you're feeling and it's super normal. My mother died when my wife was pregnant with our second child (currently pregnant with number 3) and it still kills me that my two youngest won't get to know their grandmother. My father ended up remarrying, and she's taken on the role of Grandma, and she's amazing. I feel shitty for saying this, because she's a amazing grandma to my kids, but I definitely wish my mother was around for my kids. Life happens in this way, and the best thing you can do at that time is surround yourself with love and constantly (like i do) share stories of your dad (in this case, my mother). 
Wouldn't having hep make you nonviable as a donor? 
I have had hep c and b since I was 18. I'm over 60 now.  Main thing is avoid alcohol.  Also avoid rough sports where you could get struck where your liver is.  Don't dwell on it and try to lead a normal life. The doctors told me I would die of cirhossis or liver cancer. Jokes on them,  I'm dying from lung cancer. Just take it one day at a time and remember,  everybody dies,  and doctors are not always right.  Good luck.  . 
I finished a 3 month course of Harvoni recently, my stepfather is Egyptian and managed to source it for me from Egypt. It was $600 total. It breaks my heart and saddens me that such an amazing cure is so inaccessible here when it's so cheap everywhere else.  
In Canada and the US it is. Unless the person co signed, the debt dies with the debtor. The only chance for collection is from the estate of the deceased, but unlikely there would be any assets to distribute to debtors in any case.  
This is what I am terrified of.  There is no happily ever after with this tumor.  The outcome scares me to death and I don't want to think of a life without him, but know that is reality.   I am so sorry for everyone's losses.  Cancer sucks, but Glioblastoma is a horrific asshole that never goes away (sort of like my ex-husband). 
My wife and I work in a hospital, I wish more people understood this simple logic. Don't prolong someone's life for your own selfish desires.  
...Where is this pasta heaven and do they have take out 
Hang in there. Just had cancer, not telling my very young kids (also all under 6) was the roughest part. I felt like I was lying to them. But if it didn't spread you get them worried for nothing, right? It's crazy... like Schrodinger's Cancer. You either have a life threatening horrible illness, or a tumor that just needs to come out and you're all better. It's crazy oscillating between the two thoughts.  A close family member had cervical cancer, it spread and they had to pretty much take everything... but she didn't even need chemo and she's 8 years out now. There are sooo many "happy" endings to these things. No reason to assume you won't have one. Hopefully in 10 years you and I will be telling our kids that the time they sort of remember that mommy and daddy had stomach surgery it was actually for cancer and their jaws will drop.  I wish I had a trick for not making yourself crazy, but I have my 6 month scans coming up and I'm already making myself nuts. 
Are you near a library? I found the first one available for borrowing at my local library website! 
Thanks for the info. You have some knowledge in this area? Right now I am brainstorming ways how the non-profit would work generally (ex. funding, making sure the story is true, logistics of making a wish happen, visibility, how to build a sustainable foundation, etc) 
I'm basing this solely off the resistance to painkillers and other medicines, but do you have any of the markers for Ehlers Danlos Syndrome? I know it can cause resistance to anesthesia and other drugs, so it might be worth at least a quick Google search if you've never been tested for it.  
I'm pretty sure he's never written a comment in non-poem form. Hold on I'll ask him.   OH great almighty Mr. /u/Poem_for_your_sprog  Have you ever written a comment in non poem form all along? 
"I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this  world that truly makes living worth while?" Death thought about it, "cats" he said eventually, "cats are nice."  
I'd like to send one too please. Also, you're a good friend. 
Now I'm just imagining like, the IRS of cat pictures, stalking Redditors for what they owe ;D 
A man can build a thousand bridges in his lifetime, but if he fucks just one goat he is known as a goat-fucker rather than a bridge-builder.  
Same checking in here. Well I was thin at the time. After it happened I put on 25 pounds of muscle to try and prevent it happening again. One can hope 
"Myself and the rest of the shareholders will be eternally grateful for his tireless efforts to increase our quarterly dividends, and he will be sadly missed.  He worked his fingers to the bone and my accountant says it was entirely worth it." 
I'll ask him. It's SouthernRogue, I'm pretty sure, but I will double check! 
My mom went into labor with me and a couple of hours in my grandfather died. Labor stopped. Mom says I stayed a while to meet him and get to know him a bit.  I am an atheist, but I still like that story. 
There's nothing shitty about wishing your mother was still around. Your stepmom would agree. 
Just so you know, as a psychotherapist we love to see clients with specific phobias because they are so easily treatable. If you do seek treatment though, make sure it's a clinical psychologist. 
Oh yeah? If you think THAT'S impressive, next time I go, I'm going to give them 16 gallons!  
Some parts are still useable for others. Additionally being a donor also gives permission to use your organs for research, so their organs could help others who have the desease in the future. 
My brother-in-law was able to buy it for $1000 from somewhere overseas. Maybe India? He's working on getting another course for my sister. If anyone wants any more info PM me and I'll ask him for specifics.  
I'm very sorry for what you're going through. Regardless if you have three months or 30 years left with him you both can still have many positive memories. Focus on each other and fuck cancer. 
I work in a hospital. One thing I often want to say to family members is, please don't let your loved one die here. Take them home. As long as they're here, we'll poke and prod them until they or you say "stop." Most people don't realize that being in a hospital is the least comfortable you can be if you're dying or ready to stop treatment. It breaks my heart to have to stick a needle into a 95 year old for a blood test that is irrelevant at this point, but he's here and we have to show that we're doing something. It also really makes me angry at the system. 
I'm sorry about that :( there is always adoption, or other options, if you decide having a child is right for you and your future :)  How was the process and recovery of them cutting it out?   
Yup - I have tons of knowledge in this area. :)  If you want you can PM me and we can talk about it.  I probably don't have time to handle the day to day but I can definitely help with paperwork, process, and technology side :)  Almost like a board member :-P 
I'm so sorry to hear this.  I'm 26 and dealing with a shoulder injury which might have ended my ability to rock climb.  I already have shin and knee issues that prevent me from doing any sports involving running.  Without my constant climbing (2 to 3x a week) I've already begun to gain weight and I've been really upset about it.  That being said - the injury doesn't prevent me from doing day-to-day things or interfere with my work.  Really puts things in perspective.  I wish you the best, and congrats on the marriage! 
I think it's crazy that opiates/oxy has no effect, on him. Like, if you upped the dosage enough, it'll numb it all but possibly get you so high you wouldn't like it. If those don't work, would weed really be strong enough? 
I'm in Santa Clara and a neighbor has 4 VW buses in his driveway, should I go show him this thread? Not too sure what that'll accomplish but ya never know, people know people and it really is a small world sometimes.. 
I always love to see older gentlemen/woman enjoying Video games! I'll login tonight and see about sending him something. 
You guys are amazing, this should be higher up. And as for you, someeyes, stay blessed fam! 
Developing countries are exempt from pharmaceutical patents, so Egyptian companies can sell it for much cheaper.  
As someone who also works in a hospital, I can't upvote this enough. My father died two years ago and his last days were spent in our living room, surrounded by his family. No had to leave to get some sleep or take a shower. We laughed, we cried, we watched old home movies, we held his hand and when he finally passed on, we were already home, not in a sterile hospital. I know it sounds scary, you may be afraid that it will make you feel weird about your house, you may be afraid you can't keep them comfortable, etc but please know that, if it's possible, it's the best way to go through this incredibly hard experience. Hospice nurses are truly angels that walk among us and they'll help you through every last detail.  
And also it's sometimes hard to even see it like that. People say, "How am I being selfish, I'm helping you live longer," without taking the time to really talk about it. Euthanasia is an extremely difficult subject for us to talk about without seeing it as giving up but after 70, 80, 90 years of life and only seeing pain and suffering at the end of the tunnel, it's a conversation we must have and actually WITH the person in question, and not FOR them. 
SUPER easy.  I mean, it's not the most pleasant when it's occurring, but I was walking the next day like nothing had happened.  You have to wear pads though, and no tampons or anything for a while.   :)  Overall I'd say it's one of the easiest (but grossest because of the whole pad thing) medical procedures available.   
Count me in as well. I don't know how I can help, but I have a lot of spare time that I can donate to this if it can take off. PM me or whatever if you need help with logistics or visibility I guess. I can also help with funding a little.  
Opiates don't affect my mom, but weed does. It doesn't fully get rid of the pain, but it takes it from 'it hurts so much it's hard to move' to 'there's a bit of an annoyance but it can be overlooked'.  It's different for every person, but there's enough varieties of weed that there might be a strain out there that can help. 
Someone post this to /r/FFXIV. Let's do something nice.  
Thanks for the support! You guys gave your Father the best, most loving send off! And I agree, it doesn't make it seem weird in the home when someone passes there in a loving environment. It seems quite natural, actually.    
very topical for me as my 13 year old cat will be put down today. as i write this i am spending my last few hours with him.  He is struggling to breathe from a pyothorax from coyote/cougar bite.  So the choice was to operate (50/50 odds with an unclear recovery window) to clear his lungs, or let him go.  I am choosing the route of compassion, though i really didnt want to give up on him.  He has had an awesome life, and i dont know if he would put up with 4 months of prolonged recovery.  Very very hard decision, made hard because it wasnt just being terminal, there was a road of possible recovery, but he could have gotten sicker at any point.  I just dont think he would want that, not living like a cat 
That makes me feel a lot better. So they kept you awake through it? I'm a wuss when it comes to pain and procedures.  
Oh you can't miss it lol, I got multiple emails, texts, letters, and phone calls, even other members of my family got phone calls asking to get in touch with me. If they manage to match you they'll make sure they find you one way or another.   
To be fair, watching a loved one die is weird, but it's definitely more comfortable at home. My biggest concern was a bit selfish, in that I was afraid it would change the way I feel about my home, to know that he died there, but the whole experience was so full of love that I'm just reminded of how we were all together when I think about him being there.  
Yeah - I stayed awake, but honestly, I would recommend going under.  I did it because I just wanted it over with, but if I had it to do over again I would definitely do twilight anesthesia or something if your insurance covers it. :)  
That's terrifying, but reassuring.   *If they want your marrow, they'll find you. Don't worry.* 
There are already a bunch of articles about this exact topic. From what I gather from a few of them, pollsters were thrown off by the voters who didn't want to admit they supported Trump (being called "Shy Trump" voters), and by the rural white folks who tend not to respond to pollsters' calls but turned out in huge numbers in this election.   I'm sure that this election will bring about a change in the pollster profession. Most of them got schooled yesterday.  
'Well there was this cartoon frog on the Internet...' 
I don't see anything changing after the GOP was rewarded for 6~ years of obstructionism... :/  Even if the Dems swing back into power in 2018 (highly unlikely), gridlock will be the new norm now that it's been proven to work. Politics above country. 
I'm surprised no one else really commented on this. He was really struggling at the end. I got the impression he really needed to go to the toilet too.  
If this really were the series finale of America, everyone would be pissed how unbelievable it is. 
If you told someone this would happen back in 2012, they would have thought you're insane. 
The fuck is this NowThis or Young Turks it's hard to tell. 
Back to the Future almost had it right. Cubs, off by 1 year. Looks like Biff did in fact get elected president!  
Given he's flipped flopped on TONS of social and political topics in the last few years, it's entirely possible.  
"I'm sorry, but you need ten years experience for this job starting out at minimum pay."  Fuck you, Trump is president despite never holding office in any other sense of the word. I can sit at this computer for eight hours just fine. 
I've never seen a more resounding "We don't like you".  
Half of the comments in this thread read like youtube comments.. I'm so irritated. 
It's not shocking at all to me.  As a bartender, there have been many a group discussion on politics while CNN played on the TVs.  Everyone would murmur how "both candidates suck" and how we're screwed.  However, once the crowds cleared and there was nothing left but one-on-one conversation with the guests and I, their pro-Trump colors would show. 
The "Western Spring". Hopefully doesn't go the same way the Arab spring went... 
You need a wife? I'm Spanish/Mexican and I can make some bomb tacos! 
It's actually funnier now for the rest of the world.  
And both will be covered by Huffington Post in their entertainment section.  They said it themselves last year. 
i feel like a lot of trump support wasn't vocal about it because of being taboo in a lot of sense. but when it came to the poll they were free to vote how they really wanted 
That's the scary part to me too. Even if something were to happen and Trump were to step down, we would have *Pence,* who supports gay conversion therapy, very not pro choice, pro religion in government, etc. Trump is dangerous, but he seems to mostly want the title and the power to me, while Pence knows what he wants to do. 
I keep thinking Trump was selected as an easy candidate to be beaten by Clinton. Some people's plan got fucked hard. 
"My name is Barack Obama, and I'm the Presidentiest man alive." 
plus they can serve as makeshift blankets, which will come in handy 
It's only rigged when it might go against your choice. When it comes out in your favor, then it's only because the conspiracy failed to take hold.  
I think it has less to do with him simply being a Republican and the the fact that he's a severely under qualified reality TV personality. McCain for example, maybe you would greatly disagree with his views but at least he's a qualified, and overall decent person that can hold the position of President.  
And the best part is that it's 9/11 for most of the world. 
Honestly, he alone does not scare me. I don't think he even knows what he believes, he is incredibly wishy washy and rolls around in simplified rhetoric. However, the SCOTUS, the house and the senate are all aligned with a party I do not agree with on to many matters; And they may have more sway of the new president in matters than you would want in a leader.  
David Bowie's death unraveled the logic of the universe. 
Most of them have got schooled this entire year. They have routinely failed to predict anything, confirmation bias is a bitch. To be fair though the prevalence of cell phones makes polling difficult and the closet trump supporter  is impossible to quantify. They had the same problems with Nixon. 
We joke, but the Internet had a huge impact on this campaign. It gave Trump a platform by which he turned from a laughing stock to a legitimate contender.   "Discuss the influence of Internet memes in the politics of 2016" could definitely be a history question in a few decades.  
And he gets to break the tie in the supreme court in his favor.  There are effectively zero checks on his power at this point. 
I don't think I heard anything Trump said. It was just hilarious watching his head bob up and down and him snap back awake lol 
Yeah I realized that as well but it was still funny to see lol.   He did well because we all know at his age he was also bored to death. 
Trump said he was going to end all federal green energy initiatives. What kind of example is that?  America just fucked the world. 
We don't even need to go that far back. If you had said this one year ago, I would've said you were insane. 
The Simpsons called it, but I guess that's obvious at this point  
They wrote themswlves into a corner. They ended last season with garrison leaving cause they didnt rhink hed still be here. This season ignored last seasons end. They were setting up for a clinton win on the show. No clue wtf they are gonna do 
Yup he even use to be democrat and Clinton's friend 
Only in Indiana can you see the signs "Trump 2016" and "Fire Pence" in the same yard...  
Thats what should be taken away from this. This was the democrats election to lose, all they had to do was put up fucking anyone else. Just some bland everyman or woman. But nope. They wanted a Clinton.  
Kerry became Secretary of State after his loss. Not bad.  
Because people don't want to be made fun of for supporting something  
I'm taking applications, in other words let's see about those tacos! 
She was not just annihilated, she took the entire Democratic Party and progressive movement with her. This is a monumental defeat. Evan Bayh fucking lost in Indiana for Christ's sake. 
I like how Florida voted for trump and weed it's like they know they are gonna need some serious help relaxing in the coming years 
Mutually Assured Destruction. Trump is a genius because if someone gets rid of him, the country gets destroyed by Pence. Always gotta have a Nuclear (Pence) deterrent. 
This episode of Black Mirror is a little too weird for me.  
Exactly, I didn't vote for him either, but his tone and the content of his message make me hopeful. He mentioned he wanted to bring all Americans together and hopefully he will actually work toward that and not disappoint us.  
sad tbh, Im pretty sure bernie would have won if he got the chance 
Don't let your memes be dreams.   If you think this election inspired a lot of memes, I can't wait for 2020 
I think we need to start memeing Kanye into the White House asap 
Please analyze the rise of populism within american and British societies, be sure to include the rise of the internet as an alternative to the 20th century vision-tubes and the impact the transition had.  
The Dems can filibuster everything for four years. That's really their only gambit.  The alternative is to let them run the country undivided and see what happens. The downside for them is that 2018, which would ordinarily be a great year for them, does not have a favorable electoral map since they have to defend a lot of purple seats Obama won in 2012. 
Hahaha, I was looking at this the whole time too! Feel really bad for Baron and Melania, being a political family took them by surprise.  There was one point where he scrunched his whole face up because he was holding in a yawn! 
It won't dawn on him for many years, probably, how insane that moment actually was for him. 
Also got self-assisted suicide in CO, don't forget about that.  
Except for Alec Baldwin, who's probably got the best job security in the world right now, probably better than Trump's 
Well that and the show they had pronounced it "bear-ensteen" 
I really can't believe it. Felt so powerless watching the elections as a canadian last night. 
Bowie dead, Cubs win World Series, Donald Trump is honest to god president.   This is a satire's idea of the future. 
I don't think anyone *Wanted* her, she just refused to let anyone else take her potential presidency. 
Maybe Hillary Clinton can try her hand at Secreta -- oh wait. 
My local news were also discussing this (in Australia). I think the only kind of Trump supporters you hear about are the red necks and the 'brash' ones who don't care about speaking their mind. However, there were obviously more than everyone thought. I think I heard a news reporter say that one of Clinton's biggest mistakes was calling Trump supporters 'deplorables' - since that would resonate with many who don't identify as such. They also said that he had so many supporters because he had promised change and they had seen that there needed to be changed. It's a lot more complex than just stating "trump is a misogynist".  
If we're going by stereotypes, I can also clean the hell out of a house so there's that.  
Florida, Arkansas, and North Dakota are all red states that voted for marijuana decriminaliztion but only for medical reasons. Only blue states voted for recreational marijuana.  
I can understand this in other countries where voting is mandatory, and people who don't want to vote are forced to.   But actually going out of your way to go out, line up on a Tuesday evening and vote for a dead gorilla is some next level shitposting.  
When he brought up Hillary, I was expecting bashing. Was pleasantly surprised and I sincerely hope he keeps that kind of tone in his presidency.. 
I mean, ultimately, that is what we all want.  A good president.  I voted against Trump because I believed he'd be a terrible, terrible president, and I think in his campaign he painted himself as a terrible human being with only his own interests in mind.  But if somehow I'm wrong, and he turns out to be a good president, of even just a mediocre one rather than a complete disaster, well... great.  As much as there's a cynical, bitter part of me that's imagining the Trump supporters realizing how stupid they were after Trump becomes exactly what I thought he would be and enjoying the image of him getting destroyed in 2020, I'd rather have 4 years of a decent president than a complete disaster that we have to desperately try to recover from next year.  Ultimately, not much to do now but wait and see what happens, and hope it's not the doomsday scenario many predicted. 
Except the Senate can change their rules and end the filibuster. 
To be honest I think it took most of america by surprise. I'm really curious how the rest of the world that is on reddit will react to this. 
On the other side, House of Cards and South Park are fucked. 
Sometime last year we seem to have switched into a parallel universe 
If only she would have refused a little harder and maybe, idk, campaign in places like Wisconsin. 
If Hillary had refused the job and stayed in the Senate, she would probably be president right now. 
Hell six months ago some were saying the party was finished or would need to redefine itself.  
Medical reasons to include: "Oh my God the President is such a dick, I need some weed." 
Eh it's a vote of no confidence. I feel like it's saying I don't like anybody or I am not informed enough to vote so here's my vote anyway that I support the process but I don't believe I'm  being represented here. 
I need a source on this please! My buddy was a huge Matt Hardy fan but doesn't watch anymore. He would love to see this. 
Agreed, by all measures, that was a decent speech and a good starting tone   hoping he can drop the 'crazy' act and act like a business mogul that is now fucking president of the U.S 
I work at a liquor store in Australia. Sales were up. 
Are you kidding ? South Park will have a great time criticising his every move. The only good part of it. House of Cards, I reckon they predicted Trump's last resort after 6 months of falling popularity and getting nothing done....start a war.  
I live in Wisconsin and I know multiple people that flipped from Hillary to Bernie because her lack of campaigning. Bernie had 3 rallies at my campus and Hillary had one private speech.   They also did not end up voting for her today either 
They likely voted for real on all the other choices. This wasn't the only thing to vote for.   That's why it's common. Folk who don't agree at all with the options on that one but still care about the other votes speak out this way.  
He's actually having a bit of a career resurgence at the minute, too. 
It's up to Americans to hold him to his good promises (term limits, dropping TPP, finance regulation etc) and make him drop his bad ones (wall, Muslim ban, immigrant roundup, global warming denial etc). 
I can't help but feel like if Sanders had actually been given a fair shake he would be the president elect right now. The DNC really fucked up.  
Maybe that's why Trump won. He connected with the American people a lot. He went on talk shows like every morning, he had a rally like every night.  I don't like him, but I hope a higher level of communication between the President and the people would be great. 
Global warming denial is probably his worst 'promise', especially as he considers it a Chinese Hoax. 
And his whole policy on making wind farms non-existent because they are killing all of the eagles...... 
this joke almost made my husband hang up on me 8/10 
How can you spot a blind man at a nude beach?   It isn't hard.  
What do you call a smug prisoner walking down stairs? A condescending con descending. 
What do you call a midget prisoner escaping by climbing down the outside prison wall?  A little condescending. 
He then tragically lost his footing and fell over the cliff from which he was kicking it. 
This one works better as one of those  really really long jokes that you can add a ton of personal flare to to get people bought in. Jonny asks his dream girl to prom. She says yes. He waits in line for flowers, tux, limo, tickets, everything is perfect and she wants punch.... 
one of my favorites.  I heard it slightly differently and delivered verbally.  Person1: Ask me what's the most important thing in comedy.  Person2: What the most---  Person1: Timing  
Why do communists only drink herbal tea?  Because proper tea is theft 
Where does the king keep his armies?  In his sleevies. 
Me brother Seamus says that one out of every five people in the world is Chinese. (ponders) Well, there's five in our family... I know it's not me, it's not me mum, and it's not me dad. That leaves me two brothers: Seamus, and Xiaoping. (lowers voice) I think it's Seamus. 
I want to see a 'who's on first' comedy scene with this joke, a la':  *"What rhymes with orange?"     'No it doesn't'     "What do you mean, does nothing rhyme with orange?"     'No... that doesn't rhyme either.'     "Well, I know 'that' doesn't rhyme, I'm asking, what rhymes with orange?"     'No! It doesn't!'*  And so on and so forth... 
This is a Marx brothers joke! :D   Very glad to see this here ^-^ 
What happened when the pirate attempted to recite the alphabet?  He got lost at 'c'  
What's the difference between a T-bone steak and a meteorite?   One is meaty, the other is a little meteor.  
My wife told me I need to quit playing Wonderwall on guitar.  I said maybe... 
I was having a bad time once and my friend felt the need to comfort me. They told me "Cheer up, ByrdInfluenza, it could be worse. You could be stuck at the bottom of a deep hole filled with water."  I know they meant well.  
Does Sean Connery like herbs?  Yes, but only partially.  
What do we want?  Time travel!  When do we want it?  It's irrelevant! 
Forever regretting the e I put on the end of my name. 
This reminds me of the joke about the zoo that's so broke it only has one animal: a dog.  It's a shih tzu. 
reminds me of a bit by Dara O'brien: "Oh Avatar... Avatar... it picks up where Titanic left off! In as much as, half the cast are blue."  
How many Freudian psychoanalysts does it take to change a lightbulb?      Two. One to change the lightbulb and one to hold the penis. I mean father. I mean ladder! 
Did you hear about the invention of the wheel? They say it started a revolution.  
People say I'm addicted to brake fluid but I can stop any time I want. 
Steward Francis slightly adjusted it to: "I misspelled "Armageddon". Wasn't the end of the world". 
The chief of a cannibal tribe is talking to his prisoner as he warms up his cooking pot. He asks the prisoner about his occupation, and the prisoner informs him he was an editor for a newspaper. "In that case, I have good news," the chief says. "You are soon to be editor-in-chief!" 
instructions followed clearly, am in cornwall. Ran out of land.  
And I replied, "Die, heretic scum!" and pushed him off the bridge! 
What's loud and sounds like an apple?   AN APPLE.  
To the guy who stole my Ms Office, I will find you. You have my word. 
*On the phone* "Grandma, be careful driving home, I heard there's someone driving the wrong way on the highway."  "SomeONE? There all driving the wrong way! 
I'd save a lot of money if this actually worked... 
If feel like you are wasting your life doing a meaningless job day after day after day, just think: Someone is installing BMW turn signals right now. 
Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar? They both got six months. 
Knock knock  Who's there?   Who  Who who?  Oh an owl.  
I really like this one but I do question why your drug dealer is your go to guy for shoes 
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children?  Ask your parents.  
My dad tried to tell me this joke and I ruined it. He asked me and I said "Um...a pilot?" And he just stared at me, deflated.  Sorry Dad. 
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?  It's a pretty obscure number, you probably never heard of it. 
My Girlfriend is strange. She starts every sentence with "Are you even listening"? 
Similarly, did you know that Jesus drove a Honda but just didn't talk about it?  John 12:49 - *For I did not speak of my own accord.* 
This reminds me of my favourite line from the end of Disney's Robin Hood, where King Richard states: "Friar Tuck, it appears that I now have an outlaw for an in-law!" 
knock knock,   Who's there?   I eat mop.   I eat mop who? 
I'm an idiot. I don't get it.  [Edit] I get it now 
What's the difference between a bear that loves grapes, and a dead bee?   One's a seedy beast, the other's a bee deceased.  
Grasshopper walks into a bar and asks for a beer.  The bartender pours it and says "You know, I'm really envious of you.. having a drink named after you and all.."  The grasshopper replies "What?  Eric?" 
The monk gets his hot dog and pays with a $20 note, but he doesn't get any money back. So he says: "Hey, where's my change?" And the vendor says: "Change must come from within." 
What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs?    Still no eye deer!  
A husband and wife head out for dinner. The husband orders steak tartare. The waiter asks "but sir what about the mad cow?"  "Ah, she'll just have the salad" 
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him. 
I went on a date a couple of months ago and the girl who picked me up had a machete in their car for protection. 
I'll always remember my grandfather's last words:     "Quit shaking the ladder you little shit!" 
Dis pirate's favorite letter be P. Cause without it I'm irate 
If they're a fortune teller, then that would make them a small medium at large. 
Those never work for me. It always ends up like  Me: Ask me what's the most important thing in comedy.  Person: Why?  Me: Because it's a joke.  Person: Nah. Sounds stupid  Me: You're stupid. Timing. 
How does Hitler tie his shoesies?  With little Nazis 
_''I know 'it' doesn't, I'm asking what does!''_  _''Does what?''_  _''Rhyme with orange!''_  _''I don't know how.''_  _''What's Hao got to do with this?''_  _''What? It doesn't. 'How' doesn't rhyme.''_  _'' 'Doesn't rhyme' how?''_  _''You mean 'doesn't Hao rhyme'. ''_  _''But how doesn't rhyme.''_ 
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.  Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.  ***************** Time flies like an arrow...  Fruit flies like a banana. 
Somebody once told me to stop playing Smash Mouth.  I said hey now... 
'Knock knock'  'Who's there?'  'Dishes'  'Dishes who?'  'Dishes Sean Connery'  
When do we want it?  Yesterday!  What do we want?  Faster than light travel! 
But, brass is non-sparking. Should have went with the model with balls of steel. 
after listening to a bunch of bad jokes from the bot in fallout 4, that one really got me :P 
Until you throw an exception by running out of shampoo.  
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?  Only one, but the light bulb really has to *want* to change. 
But it was the invention of the broom that really swept the nation. 
I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey   but I turned myself around.  
I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. 
Hmm, if you have a bar, you'll need lemons, and if you have melons, you'll need a bra. 
I think this works better. OP's version hints towards an inanimate object, whereas this one initially seems more like a philosophical question. 
Dad: Hey! What do you call a black man flying a plane?  You: A pilot?  Dad: : ...........You're adopted.  
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, does a hipster buy its album?  
My wife thinks I'm too nosey. At least, that's what she scribbles in her diary. 
Now I'll have the whistling tune stuck in my head all day, and I'm not mad.  When I put that movie on for my nephew, 30 years after I apparently watched it all the time, I still knew every line, lyric, everything.   
"Don't mention the elephant in the room" is a common saying when referring to an awkward situation 
Whats the difference between a blind sniper and a constipated owl?   One shoots but doesn't hit, the other hoots but doesn't shit. 
The monk then pulls a gun from his robe, points it at the vendor, and demands his change back. The vendor says, "A gun? But what about inner peace?" The monk says, "This is my inner piece." 
What do you call a bleeding deer with no eyes and no legs?  Still no bloody eye deer! 
Username implies mermaid, not a pirate. Must be a trap. 
I like to make a bunch of dumb pirate R jokes and then switch it up on em.  "What's a pirate's favorite genre of music!" "Uhh, ARRRRRRRR & B?" "What? No, sea shanties obviously" 
But /u/The_MAZZTer, what would you call that midget prisoner if he immediately berates the guards who are waiting for him to finish climbing down?  A condescending con descending.  
Only except they don't remember, so you have to remind them, then you just end up dissecting and killing the joke in the end. At least, thats my experience. 
This is why i hate telling jokes too, i'm socially retarded and even if they go along with it i'm very likely to punch up the fuck line.  
I got in the car the other day and put it in reverse. I thought to myself, this takes me back. 
I thought my wife was kidding when she said i needed to stop singing Smash Mouth.. But then i saw her face 
Sean Connery was reaching for a book on the top shelf when it slipped out of his hand and hit his head. He then mutters to himself, "I have no one to blame but my shelf" 
There once was a lady named Bright/who could travel much faster than light/ She left, one day, in a relative way/ and arrived the previous night.  
this is why you use a brass drill bit on a gas tank, for example.    This kills the joke.  
It's clearly an alt account, but still impressive. 
It's a runtime exception, too, so we just sit there soaking, waiting for someone to re-compile the right code. 
How many altos does it take to change a lightbulb?  Doesn't matter, it's too high. 
That said, it was the shovel that was truly groundbreaking. 
I used to be addicted to dressing like a nun, but I got out of the habit 
I'm honestly unsure if this is a real Welsh place or if you just mashed your keyboard. I love the Welsh language! 
I thought thesaurus was some kind of prehistoric animal lmao, english not my native language either 
If you have melons, no bra, and are at a bar, you get free drinks 
Doubling down on a math joke, where do you find pants for those things.  Do you think this is /r/math 
Where does one drown a hipster? In the main stream. 
Honestly if you wanted to farm some of that sweet karma just watch his stand ups and post every single joke one here. 
Never heard that particular wording, iv only heard "the elephant in the room" portion. 
So the vendor calls the police, but the monk is still there.  He says, "I called the cops, aren't you going to flee?"  The monk says, "Namaste." 
What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no dick?  Still no fucking eye deer! 
Nah. I just repeat the joke and punchline after getting the confused look. It works!  
I wish I had friends that let me punch up their fuck lines. 
My wife asked that I stop quoting Lincoln Park songs. I tried but in the end it doesn't even matter.  
What did Sean Connery call the lobster that ate all the food?  Shellfish 
But what if he hasn't defined an out of funds exception? DOES HE KEEP GOING UNTIL THE WORLD'S THREAD OVERFLOWS?!!? 
How many sopranos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  One. She just stands underneath it and the world revolves around her.  
Nope I really don't get why it ends with saurus either. "Saurus" actually means lizard. At least, it usually does... 
What is a bird's favorite type of math?   Owl-gebra   edit - my girlfriend insists it's actually twig-onometry 
Environmentalist hipsters like fossil fuels when they're still underground. 
Just keep helping the settlements. After a few more, it will unlock the Synth storyline and a cool new set of power armor with flamethrowers! 
No, he keeps going until the store runs out of milk, then he throws a segfault and dies. 
How many surrealist painters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Two. One fills the bathtub with mayonnaise and sprinkles while the other paints the purple spots on the giraffe. 
And people wonder why I'd rather be on my phone than talk to anyone in-person. People just don't understand that they're nothing compared to the hive mind.  
How many conservative economists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  A1: None. The invisible hand will do it.  A2: None. If it really needed changing, market forces would have caused it to happen.  A3: None. If the government would just leave it alone, it would screw itself in. 
A couple are driving through Wales and they pass through Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. They begin to argue over how to pronounce it and so they decide to ask a local. They pull off the road and go into a shop where they ask the person behind the counter;  "We're arguing over what this place is called. Can you pronounce it for us, slowly?"  The person behind the counter looks at them for a second, confused, then says;  "Burr... Gurr... Kiiiiing." 
I once farted in a room full of hipsters and I watched them fight each other over who heard it first. 
"Somethin' somethin'.    Somethin' somthin'.  Somethin' somethin' phony king of Eeeeeeeengland!"  I fucking love that movie. 
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?   None, that's a hardware problem.  
Pfft. You guys think you're so funny. Jokes' on you, I've heard all these before.   
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?   None. They just shoot the room for being black. 
"Hydrostatistic Circlejerk" was my band in the mid nineties. Our chief rival was the band "Do You Mean Hydrostatic?" that always got the good gigs. 
Do they have a counterweight?  Make sure you ask this question in a way that doesn't look like you're implying they're fat otherwise you're done...godspeed 
Yeah, that's the post that OP is ripping off. It was funny then. 
HELP ME FELLOW HUMAN BEING, THE TITLE OF THIS THREAD ~~DOES NOT COMPUTE~~ CONFUSES ME. I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW HUMAN BEINGS OF THE FEMALE SEX SEPARATED FROM HUMAN BEINGS OF THE MALE SEX IS RELATED TO FLUID MECHANICS. 
I think about that literally always. Still have no idea what it is though. 
Unfortunately, he has a bit of a love triangle going on. He gets turned on by both guys and girls, which I guess you could call binomial expansion. 
I'm fairly certain women are not an incompressible fluid.  
I think it's just science homework phrased as a social question. 
Is that why you keep that bottle next to your bed? 
How many pastels would a Pascal own if a Pascal owned pastels? 
I don't understand the grabbing the hand thing. Maybe I'm picturing it wrong? 
I agree - however of course Locke also pointed out that one cannot summon belief at will. I can no more choose to believe in God than I can choose to believe the sun revolves around the Earth. 
Not enough times. No one can ever watch it enough. 
It's the fluidic version of the lever. And no work is done while things remain static.  So even though you can lift a car with a person (it's called a hydraulic jack, by the way!), you still exert the same total amount of energy doing so, whether you use a small amount of effort over a long period of time vs a huge amount of effort over a short period of time.   
I work nights and I was on break goddamnit!   I mean, I'm supposed to be working now but I've got 10 mins left and nothing to do \*shrugs* 
True but for those of us that weren't here for **that** shitpost, this one is pretty spicy. 
Well, you see dear old boy, a male human must penetrate the female human in a pre-designated location to provide fluid stimulation. This fluid stimulation results in a build of pressure and temperature in the system which affects the viscosity of the general area making it entirely a fluid mechanics problem.  
My organic final is in two days and I *barely* understand E1 and E2. I'm so fucked it's not even funny. 
I suspect vagina juice is at least mostly incompressible  
Not when you specify one gender. Then it's going to be sexual.  
Then ill treat her like my last lab! give half assed participation, not listen to the problems, complain to my partner and act surprised when i see a TA stamped a D on her. 
Get a load of Mr. High Viscosity Liquid over here, lording his laminar flow relationship over us. It's not easy for the rest of us practical water systems, buddy. 
Chick-fil-a lady thought I said Pastel earlier today. So uh, that many.  
I was just hoping you might give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the southern colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War, the economic modalities, especially in the southern colonies, could be most aptly described as agrarian pre-capitalist. 
You should probably give a trigger warning before bringing up such a traumatic incident that affected tens of people.  
Okay, so this is very incomplete but you're in an emergency situation.  E1 is going to happen when you have sulfuric acid catalyzed elimination and E2 is going to happen when you have base catalyzed elimination.  If you have any questions feel free to PM, I tutor organic chemistry all the time. 
So I want to check if that is true. I need a degent sample size, so if there's any girls out there willing to contribute that would be great.  
Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. A lot of people don't get that. 
A bullet or other item fired from a rocket or cannon is a "projectile." These are projected from the gun.  The question was what would **launch** a 90kg projectile.   The answer is, of course and always, a trebuchet. 
Of course that's your contention. You're a first-year grad student; you just got finished reading some Marxian historian, Pete Garrison probably. You're gonna be convinced of that 'till next month when you get to James Lemon. Then you're going to be talking about how the economies of Virginia and Pennsylvania were entrepreneurial and capitalist way back in 1740. That's gonna last until next year; you're gonna be in here regurgitating Gordon Wood, talkin' about, you know, the pre-revolutionary utopia and the capital-forming effects of military mobilization. 
Funny how much power one Home Depot worker in Alabama has on another countries economy. 
Correct you are.  SOME precursor path as to what had...*Lain* ahead. 
It's like, I get *why* the nucleophiles and leaving groups and all that affect the reaction in the way that they do. I currently have an A in the class (I think, didn't do too hot on the last test). It's just that I'm awful at memorization so once we started learning 200 reactions a day I started getting overwhelmed and started slipping :\ if you have tips for memorizing all the different reactions please let me know 
It's mostly water, water is incompressible. Therefore vag juice is mostly incompressible. 
Yes, even without friction, the pristine baby cannon still applies force via constriction, which you can feel as pressure on your knobby bits. 
Hey, that's 3 of us! Let's get to manning a trebuchet! 
Well, as a matter of fact, I won't, because Wood drastically underestimates the impact of social... 
That is LOW, /u/SpriteniteEaten, and I know low. How dare you? 
Not much more than a 2 month old 1k account. It's just enough to make it look real. 
I don't know how they use it. My guess would be that they use it to post content about their product that tries to seem "organic" but I actually have no idea. 
It's a lot easier said than done. I don't know anything about it except that it can be done. 
Don't memorize the reactions, I mean, you'll have to memorize a few weird ones like ozonolysis, but for the most part you're just following electrons around when you're learning mechanisms.  There are a few key trends you're going to have to recognize, but once you've got those trends down all the reactions will fall into different patterns.  Trying to remember every single reaction is how you fail organic chemistry, as it's borderline impossible, and the professor can always just twist the example in some weird way that makes the memorization almost useless.  Learn the rules and apply them.  Main rules are being able to recognize a stable cation or anion, identifying whether or not a hydrogen will be acidic or not, identifying the electrophillic and nucleophilic sites, etc. 
Not proud of this but O chem was the only class I've "cheated" in.  Like an hour into the test it was a "draw the mechanism" question and I could not remember it. I glanced over at my neighbor for a millisecond and it was enough to get started on it. Guess that class brought out the worst in me, passed though 
So is mayonnaise.   I learned this for a rocket project.  Don't ask. 
I'm not sure this works I can't get my head around it, I think it's breaking a couple of fundamental laws of physics. 
Speak for yourself. There are at least as many people in me as fluids. 
If everybody's a shitposter, nobody's a shitposter.  
Met Lauri at a trade fair a few weeks back, he doesn't really use the press that much, he mostly work on the lathe or in the office.   He did reveal he would get a new 1000 ton press soon.  
I love that they wrote this fucking script and sold it *and* themselves. 
Matt Damon played a genius janitor. You're just a janitor.  
Not that I'm a sexist or anything, but I hope you do too. 
I'd be a dick if I said I appreciate your company, but I'm sorry, I really do. 
*GASP!* Alas, I have become that which I fought to defeat. I have dishonored my family and my purpose. I bid you all farewell. /u/MarsBars4Lyfe, perhaps in death, you can forgive me.*seppuku* 
Oh, what the hell. I've never understood why reddit accounts would be bought by ad companies until this comment. 
But then they'd have to find another site to relax. It all goes to shit when someone brings up Newton trying to obliterate any memory of Robert Hook for calling him a little bitch. 
How could I not ask?  Seems like mayo would make a decent fuel if you had enough oxidizer along with it. 
Did his wife laugh maniacally in the background when he revealed that? 
"So I'm this like wicked smaht janitor, and Ben...well he's Ben. His bro Casey said he'll play the part of one of our friends...for free! He kinda looks like Ben, but not really, so it'll be cool.....oh yeah and Robin Williams: get him or we don't sign shit." 
I disagree with online bullying, but you have a point. 
I don't think it happens nearly as much as people bring it up on here. It's just /r/hailcorporate leaking. I've worked for many companies with a social media presence, and at every single one of them the social media posts were 100% transparent about the fact that they were the company itself. They never clandestinely bought accounts to send subliminal messages or sway votes on forums. They didn't care enough to, and simply didn't have to.   And from the other side, over on /r/leathercraft we have several companies that have their own accounts and show up in posts to contribute. Not to advertise their products or anything, but just contributing as members of the community. Tandy is great about it. So whenever someone screams "Shill" take it with a huge grain of salt.  
I can't believe I made it this far down in the comments 
Yea, maybe. But at least i won't be unoriginal. But if there's a problem we could just step outside and figure it out. 
And me and Ben, we're gonna live here the rest of our fuckin' lives. We'll be neighbors, have little kids, take 'em to Little League up at Foley Field. 
I hate to be _that_ guy by pointing this out, but you're right. 
It's not the owners of small businesses, or the legit PR people of large corporations that participate in this sort of behavior. It is third party companies that are contracted specifically to manage brand images or perpetuate a specific narrative. I hate to bring up the election, but it really is the best example. Both sides had people who were clearly paid, yet it absolutely was not the campaigns themselves running those accounts.  
Why am I reading this conversation? I'm an art major and don't understand anything being said. Damn internet. 
"Reddit users admitting to using reddit rather than studying for his finals, desperately begs reddit for help." 
good will hunting...  then jay and silent bob strike back.. 
Gentlemen, if you wish to engage in fisticuffs, you will do 50 yards from the premises. I'll not have blood near my freshly-painted pub.  
I'm doing the same thing. I feel like I'm learning something though. 
"Finds super nice *organic chemistry tutor* who has a few nuggets of sage wisdom in the process"  You could have instead spent that time memorizing 200 whatevers pointlessly. 
I feel like if it were in my power in *any* way, that kid would have led his parents right through the damned thing.  
*Technically*, if you jump out of the window you do escape the room! 
New idea; hiring interviews in an escape-the-room puzzle. See how people function when challenged, under pressure, and not knowing explicitly what to do. 
This exact thing happened to our group in an escape room a few months ago.  I guess some of the people weren't listening in the beginning and missed that the box by the door was for our coats, purses, etc...  So about 5 minutes into the escape room, someone in our group drags out a purse, dumps it on the floor, and proceeds to go though the wallet.  At one point, he says loudly "hey, this wallet has a lot of money in it" and we all turned and saw what he was doing, including the owner of the purse.  She was horrified. 
I did one with hubby, both brother in laws and their partners. First time we had met one girlfriend but thought it was a good way to break the ice.   There was one prop which had clear plastic tubes with different directional arrows behind them. Eventually balls popped out of a tube in the ceiling and we realised these balls went into the tubes and the top directions were entered into a directional lock thing. So we entered this code 10+ times didn't work we were looking at this for a good 5 minutes until BILs girlfriend asked if 'we needed these' and pulled out 6 balls she had in her pocket?????.   We still managed to escape so we haven't held this against her. 
I can attest to this from the other side. When we went, my family including my mom and sister, brother-in-law and 15yo daughter and my eight year old, when we finally ran out of time the guy basically told us that my eight year old son had been on the right track and we would have found the exact missing clue that was stumping us the whole time if we had listened to him. I actually felt pretty bad about that, poor kid, but I also get to hear about it from him anytime that day is mentioned.  
That is amazing. Something similar happened in my last escape room experience. It was a space themed one, and at one point, you open this uplink and get into a crawl space. In it, there are numbers spelled out in Russian, and you're supposed to solve another puzzle to get a computer screen to show you the words and their meaning.   I was in the main room trying to figure out how to solve the final puzzle when I hear my friend shout "Wait, is that Russian? Yeyande, get in here!" we proceeded to skip a few steps in the room because I speak Russian.  When we finished, the game master was so confused and had never thought that something like that would ever happen. 
Take off clothes, get kicked out, room escaped. Winner! 
"You have to agree to marry me so we can escape the room." 
I mean, that's understandable. Sucks for your friend though! 
Nobody had ever tried which option? Because I probably wouldn't think to look across the street.  Also wow, that's early for a bible study, but I guess there's a lot of material to go over. 
Oh man. Imagine breaking up in a room you can't get out of, then having to work together to solve puzzles to get away from each other. Was it fun to watch? This will be the plot of a rom-com in 6 months 
When I played, our train of logic  pointed to taking apart a hanging light.   The people knocked on the door loudly and told us not to dismantle live electronics.  
"And next time, it won't just be the furniture we rearrange." (Cannot find the relevant Far Side comic - but that is what this reminded me of) 
More of these places should have people fixing their own destructiveness afterwards (when they're breaking rules given to them prior)  
That is so hilarious, like what good could it do to drink it when you can just pour it out.  
Wow and I thought the world was running out of heroes.  
Hey guys its me, Laronge again. Need anything? Moist towlette? Ok I'll be back to check on you in 30 sec. 
Not really for free if the company's selection process sucks that way. 
Can't even tell those guys to get a room, they're already in one. 
The only thing I've ever heard measured in racks are ribs but somehow I imagine you mean beer? 
Um. Was he an employee or not? Cause I'm thinking it wasn't 
"I shot the escape room operators and kicked the door open, i'm so cool" 
I always imagine that the people observing are continuously make bets on what the people do. 
Yeah that's always a bummer - It'll be two people, just the couple. Only the guy is completely freaking out the whole time about having to pop the question at the end, so, the girl ends up dragging the guy through the whole thing, doing all the work - Or, worse, we give them all the answers after an hour of standing around - All to reveal this ring at the perfect moment, only, that moment is completely ruined by this newfound perspective you have on your fiance, as this completely bumbling idiot who didn't solve one fucking puzzle the whole time  
And if you stick metal in electric sockets, you win on escaping life! 
What was the obstacle? If it isn't supposed to be climbed over, it should be designed in a way where people don't think to climb over it.  
Not really. They were kinda dicks to begin with. They just tried to explain why they did nothing wrong, which sucks because there are plenty of awesome cops in my area, and we got the shitty ones  
Yeah I don't understand either, maybe I'm just missing something, but how do you plant a spy in the group like this? 
I see this a lot too. One of our rooms has a jacket in it, and some people just assume its one of theirs. 
"What's your job?"  "Oh, I make panels with buttons." 
This is the most confounding behavior in this thread so far. 
I find that watching people attempt to escape the room is an excellent way to assess their teamwork, problem solving skills, demeanor under pressure, and general character in multiple ways. Your friend's boyfriend sounds like a jerk. I brought someone I had just started dating to room escape and watching them was a huge indicator of lots of aspects of their personality early on.  
The odds of someone speaking Russian aren't *that* low. That's really cool though! 
Yeah it's super frustrating but also understandable, you've been working towards this point and when it's finally there it can feel as if it's not really "THE END". But there have been moments where I got into discussion about their logic behind not leaving. 
I don't think that would have mattered to the drunk guy...  
They told us later they didn't know what the hell we were doing, but didn't want to intervene. We eventually had to ask them if she was supposed to still be cuffed. I feel like they probably should've asked us about it, but eh, it made a good story!  
You can get out at anytime. There's usually a door that's not part of the puzzle.  
I think the idea is that the teammate on the phone sacrificed himself (turned into a chicken and couldn't talk) in order to deliver the hint involving acting like a chicken. 
They're too weird for me.  It's even weirder since duck penises are corkscrew-shaped, so this is just a human penis pasted on a duck.  I imagine they float upright well with a rudder like that, though. 
The last one would totally be me.  I'm super competitive.   "IDGAF about that ring right now, it's not a clue, and we gotta finish the puzzle before time runs out.  PUT IT DOWN AND HELP ME!"  Lucky for me I'm married to a dude who gets this I guess lol.  
At an escape room we went to we started taking apart a photo frame with a "do not disassemble" sticker on it. They seemed quite annoyed but in fairness they also had "do not open" writing on a lot of things you had to open to solve the puzzle. 
Oh shit and then each time you repair it, it probably looks more like it's a clue, so people rip it up again!  
I'm not sure. The escape room employee said that he was scared to enter the room to tell the guy to stop. If I'm remembering correctly, he was asked to leave 
Why was this knife here if I wasn't supposed to murder the rest of the group with it?  
Hello everyone, I'm chemist John Morris Pendleton. And I'm a scientist. Believe everything I say, for I am wearing a lab coat. 
So you're gonna try to tell the guy in the $4,000 dollar space suit how to solve an escape room? C'mon!  
Anyone who ever apologizes for the mess they made, made a tiny mess in comparison to the person who leaves without saying anything. 
they automatically refill if you try to do that without drinking them, DUH 
From that one conversation I had with him, he seemed to lack a fair bit of common sense (who asks for the answers without playing?? Goodness...).    I saw the guy again with his company some time later and he looked like he wasn't part of the crowd; everyone else seemed pretty chummy. Funny enough, he was pretty into the escape once he went in... My staff and I fondly shake our heads whenever we think back to him lol 
I mean I wouldn't expect the type of people who fuck in an Escape Room to be courteous. 
Yeah beer, must be a regional thing. Though a 30 rack of ribs would have also been a sight to behold. 
If you played point and click games in the 90s you know those might actually be things you'd have to do in some of them! 
It's pretty difficult to electrocute yourself with modern sockets. Not impossible but you have to try. 
I would guess it's the spy giving the mission to solve the puzzles in the room, (basically the game host) but it ends up being the spy all along. 
"Stanley, you escaped from life in 'da hood', we could really use you here" 
That actually fucked a group I went with once, nobody checked the damn coat rack 
I'm a panelman, like my father before me, and his father before him. 
One chick rode naked through the streets on a horse 
When we finished I thought we were only 2 or so minutes off the top 5 board and I remember giving her a bit of a death stare. I was being a bit thick though and we were just under 9 minutes off so it wasn't that bad. 
I bet that was annoying. We did another room with a group of friends and started off with the room really dark and only one flashlight. We are probably 85% of the way through and my friend made the comments about some lights in a box. Went to look and there was 4 torches in the first box that was opened she just didn't think to mention it. 
Ha! I can only imagine this is the reason she is your ex mother in law. 
Definitely smart to look at the books! But they are REAL published books, they have page numbers and words. If you need to use them you will probably have a clue/colormarker/hints.  No escape room should make you look through 10+ books blindly. 
Reality has never stood in the way of a rom-com plot before. 
See I would have assumed I was supposed to decapitate the chicken 
So you'll fuck a rubber duck, but only if it's a female rubber duck?  
I feel like a lot of the problems with escape rooms would be solved if a minority of them *didn't* require guests to do things that would normally be inappropriate or potentially dangerous, like ignoring written instructions or pulling keys out of wall outlets. If your first escape room is like that, you're going to assume that it's normal. Obviously you can't really stop people who reach genuinely bizarre conclusions like the idea that a puzzle requires them to drink muddy water they got out of a jar they had to force off of a shelf, but it should be a hard and fast rule that guests shouldn't have to do anything destructive or risky to complete an escape. 
Yes! After a group ripped up floorboards in one room the next couple groups saw the misalignment from our repairs and assumed it was a trap door. We had to add 'don't remove the flooring' to our briefing. 
So you're saying that cutting up the carpet with a pocket knife *was* the key to escaping the room?! 
He's the only one who survives when they complete the puzzle and the whole station rapidly depressurizes. 
huh. this rubber chicken has a pulley in the middle. 
That's just evil, and clever! How does this work out?  
I made an escape room based on Viking history set in a college, and I put in some books about the vikings for decoration. Someone used them as a shortcut on a combination lock (which a clue hinted to be the year the vikings invaded England). I didn't mind them doing that because they showed ingenuity and didn't just look it up on their phone. 
There needs to be a movie where people go to an escape room then an actual disaster happens and shit gets really real. Could be a romcom or a thriller or both. 
Chained and blindfolded? That makes my country's escape rooms sound so mild 
Friday's would be perfect. If she says yes you can celebrate with endless cheese sticks and potato skins. If she rejects you then you can wallow in self pity with endless cheese sticks and potato skins. It's a classic win/win scenario  
Ya when op brought up sacrifice I was thinking 'no way is she about to do decapitate her friend 
I don't fuck my duckies, it destroys them after a couple years and I don't want to ruin all the good ones I have left. 
Haha yeah I can completely see that. I think out of all of them, Phyllis would actually be the only one to sit down and solve the puzzle first, even though Stanley could have solved it faster if he wasn't doing his damn crossword! 
I did escape the room once and there were the most hilarious signs and warnings. Like "do not try to escape the room through the sky light" and "do not escape the room by breaking through the wall" or "the in case of emergency fire extinguisher is for real emergencies. It is NOT a clue." and then all the extra warnings on top of warnings because people will think the warnings are clues. Eg "the fire extinguisher is not a clue. It is not hiding a clue. There is nothing involving the fire extinguisher that is a part of the game. Please do not touch the fire extinguisher unless there is a real actual fire."   No joke. Funnier when you realize each one of those warnings is there because someone tried it.      And in all fairness I'm sure some of the shittier places actually do use double speak as clues like that 
'But *could* I?' he wondered,   'and *should* I?' he thought -   'It's present,' he pondered,   'and *surely* I ought?   It's *clearly* included,   and *why* would it be -   If not with a purpose intended for me?  'Perhaps it's a pointer?   Perhaps it's a clue?   I'll *never* be sure,   But I'll know when I do!   I'll do it!' he whispered,   'I'll do it!' he cried.    He sat in his suit and he watched as they died.  &nbsp;  ^^^:) 
Put a polarized screen on the wall, then put a filter on the helmet that lets you see through the polarization. 
"Sir, the pages are blank"   "I'll be the judge of that! " 
As much as I wanted to record it I can't ! But it would've been great for pornhub. Definitely would almost be black couch worthy.  
Monkey Island! :) Thanks! Good old days. is it available on pc anymore? my original cds wont run :(  
Can't get blood from a stone.  Sometimes these groups are awesome.  The kids have an epiphany.  Not that it changes lives but it gives them a clue.  Most of the time it's just what you would expect.  I get crap for it.  "Condemn them to failure!"  I say bullshit why is it fair to enabling their leeching behaviors?   
Then Jim argues with Dwight and gets Dwight to say that he's impervious to all torture techniques and gets Dwight to agree to being subject to torture where in which Jim can get Dwight to confess his secret beet sauce recipe which turns into Jim tying Dwight to a chair in an empty room and then just leaving him there  
Yeah, OP that sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen. You sure that's a public attraction you're working at and not a BDSM meetup? 
We went to one based on the saw movies where we were all chained to the walls/ chairs and blindfolded. Some of us had a little play in our chains.  So there would be a clue near one person, who would call it out and it would allow someone else to open a padlock or locked combination box to get keys. It was exciting.  
Sounds to me like you're just looking to be in a relationship with potato skins and cheese sticks. 
You'd think an easier solution would be to adopt a safeword-type label that you can affix to objects like the fire extinguisher and emergency exit doors, that means "this object is in no way a part of the solution, do not touch this unless there is an actual real-life emergency." It could be as simple as the escape room company's logo. Small and simple enough to not break immersion too much, and yet clear without having to write a whole list of rules that reference each other.  Much harder to signal that you shouldn't take apart flooring or walls, though, especially since that's often a solution in the online escape the room games. 
At some point we get a camera pan to Creed standing in the corner of the room visibly sweating. He points to the camera above him.   "I did something like this in Kyoto for a lot of money a few years ago. Let me know if anybody brings in chili peppers." 
It's like when Dwight traded for the magic beans.  
The third one sounds like something my fiance would like. For some reason she absolutely loves hello kitty. I dont get it, but if I get her something hello kitty themed, it makes her smile, so thats more than enough incentive for me. 
I've been to one called the kidnapping. They go over everything with you quite extensively. The blindfolds are sleep masks that you can opt out of wearing. The chains connect with those easy open lobster claw clap things, and you can unclip yourself if you need to.   
Also the same place also has a game where you start all locked in a prison cell. You have to pass a cup of water between 3 cells to get the keys to float up to the top of a nearby bucket and use a broom handle to hook them into your cell to escape. You're then loose in an even bigger cell which you also need to escape to get into the main room.  
What he's been searching for has been right in front of him all along. 
Many escape rooms use don't touch stickers, usually a hand print with a slash through it or something similar. But once you think you have everything labeled or included in the rules, people surprise you with new ways to be destructive. 
Moments later, Kevin claims he is starving despite having been in the escape room for less than 3 minutes.  
Are you talking about Professor Copperfield's Miracle Legumes?  
Yeah people are clever and think these rooms are built for geniuses so they need to Sherlock the hell out of it. Whatever rule you come up with someone *will* find a way to interpret it to mean there's a clue involved.   Which is part of why a lot of them have monitors and speakers, so the employees can tell you to knock it off if you've decided you need to dismantle the heating pipe to get a key out of it 
*If I don't get a Big Mac in the next ten minutes I'm going to eat someone* 
No one is in any danger! What are you not understanding about this? 
Because if the girl said no, then the answer obviously is no. But the thing is, she's *not going to* say no. She would *never* say no, because of the *implication*. 
It took me a really fucking long time to realize that the person was not speaking to jesus about his job interview where engineers throw bikes down and tops off 
A farmer and his dog are herding sheep. They finish and his dog says "I counted 40 sheep". The farmer replies, "OH SH*T A TALKING DOG".  
I've heard this one as, "What did the tie say to the hat? You go on ahead, I'll hang around." 
I told my girlfriend she penciled in her eyebrows too high.   She looked surprised. 
The absolute MOST important part of this joke is to take a massive breath before the second whale speaks, like you're about to go off again 
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine. 
Man, I just tried to go tell my wife this joke and I couldn't get past knock knock because I was laughing too hard.  Well done! 
A young priest just out of the seminary is on his way to his assignment at a church in the bad part of town. He walks past a hooker who say, "Hey father, blowjob? Ten dollars."  The priest shyly hurries away from the hooker and makes his way to the church. He meets the Mother Superior who proceeds to tell him what his duties were to be and where his room would be in the rectory.  Finally she's asks him if he has any questions.  The young priest says, "Mother Superior, what's a blow job?"  She replies "Ten dollars, same as on the street." 
What did the doctor say to the dwarf in his waiting room?   You're just going to have to be a little patient 
Mickey Mouse wakes up one winter morning to find that someone has written "Fuck You Mickey" in the snow on his lawn with piss. It happens multiple times each with worse messages.  Mickey calls the police who start investigating and after a few days the detective comes to Mickey and says "well I have good news and bad news"  'What's the good news?' Mickey asks  "We ran a bunch of tests and found that the urine belongs to Donald Duck!"  'Well that's great, but what's the bad news?'  "Forensics has confirmed that the handwriting belongs to Minnie." 
Two snakes are hanging out, when one asks the other, "Hey, are we venomous?"    The other snake replies, "I'm not sure."   "Well I hope not," the first snake says, "because I just bit my tongue." 
Why did Whitney Houston snort artificial sweetener? She thought it was diet coke. 
How do you spot a blind guy at a nude beach?  It's not hard.  -  You know what they say about those blind prostitutes - you gotta hand it to them. 
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? The food is incredible but the atmosphere is lacking. 
While we're doing priest jokes... (I'm ignorant of Catholicism and only loosely remember this one, so please excuse me.)  A teenage boy is doing his weekly confession at a small-town church. "Father, forgive me, for I have had carnal relations with a young woman out of wedlock," he confesses.  The priest, like all small-town folk, is a little nosey. "Was it Barbara who works at the Baskin Robbins?" he asks.  "No, Father," replies the boy.  "Well was it Janice, the coroner's daughter?"  "No, Father," the boy says.  "Hmmm... well was it Mary-Beth, the florist's assistant?"  "No, Father. I don't want to sin again by damaging the girl's reputation."  "I understand, son. Off you go." The priest gives the boy his penance and sends him on his way.  Outside, the boy rejoins a group of friends who have been waiting for him, a huge grin on his face.  "Well, what did you get?" they ask.  "Five Hail Marys and three good leads!" 
lol  -is how I imagine what that hippie looked when he was trying to get the lifeguard's attention. 
A young monk joins a monastery and is told he must take a vow of silence, but as repayment he will be allowed to speak two words every ten years.  Ten years pass and the head monk asks him if he has anything to say.  "Bed Hard".  The senior monk nods and sends him on his way.  Ten years later he goes before the head monk.  "Food Cold".  Again, the head monk nods and sends him on his way.  Ten years later: "I Quit".  "Well I can't say it's surprising, you've done nothing but complain since you got here." 
Why can't bicycles stand on their own?    They're two tired. 
Jesus saves! Passes the puck to Gretzky, he shoots, he scores! 
In a similar vein, three logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "Do you all want beers?" The first one says, "I don't know." The second one says, "I don't know," and the third one says, "Yes!" 
You get an up vote because I love me a good historical joke.  
Patient:  "Doctor! Doctor!  Is it possible that I caught VD in a pubic restroom?" Doctor:  "Yes, so i would recommend you stop fucking in there." 
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Cause then they'd be bagels 
You know why when ducks fly in a v one side is longer than the other?  Because there are more ducks on that side. 
I've heard this one enough that I just lay in with a real knock knock joke when someone tries this.  
Why did the French cook kill himself?  He lost the huile d'olive. 
You just wanted to post this, didn't you. I'M ONTO YOU, OP! 
Did anyone else point out that alcohol is a solution yet 
I heard this joke before with an uncle who was a school bus driver. A bit darker than your version. 
What did the pirate say when he turned eighty?  I'm eighty. 
I've always thought this joke is much funnier if it doesn't explain itself. "One day my grandfather said to me, 'Your generation relies too much on technology!' So I unplugged his life support." 
"Why do elephants paint their toenails red?"  "idk"  "To hide in cherry trees."  "haha yeah right"  "Have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree?"  "no"  "Works, doesn't it?" 
A man and a boy are walking thru the woods at night. The boy starts crying.  "Why are you crying?" " It's dark here. I'm scared" "You're scared? I have to walk back alone!"  
I like the Transformers version.   I met a woman at a bar and took her home. She asked me why I always had a gun on my hip. I told her it was, "for those damn Decepticons." She laughed. I laughed. The toaster laughed. I shot the toaster.  
Leper jokes are great.   Why did they stop the Leper hockey game?  There was a face off in the corner 
Why are blonde jokes all one liners? They have to be short enough for men to remember.   
Alternatively...  A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Would you like a drink?" The horse responds, "I think not," and vanishes.  Those who are familiar with philosophy should get that this joke is poking fun at Descartes, who famously said, "I think, therefore I am." However, I didn't tell you the explanation before, because that would've been putting Descartes before the horse. 
In most of the world, fairy tales begin with, "Once upon a time..." In Louisiana they begin with, "First you make a roux..."  
Alternate version:  A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar. The barman says "is this some kind of joke?"  Though I'd actually use "Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman" as that's more common in the UK. 
Where did Hitler keep his toesies? In his shoesies.  How did Hitler keep his shoesies on? With little knotsies.  Where did Hitler keep his armies? Poland. 
What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog?   Doyouthinkhesaurus Rex 
Its sort of a "choose your own adventure" racist joke.  Which ever race you wish to insult, you just need to know what their stereotypical food of choice is.   
But with the help of God and these two fingers, I saved them all! 
The way I remember that joke is that one:    A deer walks through the forest and sees the little rabbit, dirty and smelly and crying and crying.... so it asks:   "Oh my, little rabbit, what happened to you?"  The rabbit answers:   "The bear came along and asked me whether poop sticks on my fur! And I said it didn't. So he wiped his butt with me..."  The deer comforts the little rabbit and goes away.   The next day it sees the rabbit again, and now it is laughing and laughing. Of course it wants to know why the rabbit is laughing so hard. And the rabbit giggles:   "Remember how the bear asked me whether my fur is sticky?"  "Sure I do!"  "Well, today he asked the hedgehog...." 
This is so all or nothing - I'm too scared to try! 
That's when you say.."shit, now I have to start again"  
Me too.   Me: hehehhehh hey babe hehe I'm gonna hehhtell you a johohohke.  Wife: Okay.  Me: Knock knohahack.  Wife: Who's there?  Me: Dihihishes.  Wife: Dishes who?  Me: Dishes haHAHAHAHAHaha umm dishes Shaaaahaha... Sean Connereeehheehehhee  Wife: Mm. 
I swear I read this exact same joke with Bill Clinton. 
That is one of my favourite jokes.   Two bats are hanging from a beam. A third bat is sat on top. The one underneath says to the other one, "What's she doing up there?" The other one says, "Yoga." 
Like "draggin' milk", or am I missing something else here? 
There's no trees to raise your leg against, so the dog can't go. 
And here in Aus, it means both!  I pissed off. (I left)  I'm pissed off. (I'm angry)  I'm pissed. (I'm drunk)  I'm pissed. (I'm angry)  Plus about 100 other uses.  
Whenever I'm waiting in line and I hear somebody say "This is a really long line", I immediately call back "Whitney Houston's last words" 
Or just scrap the articles: "C, Eb, and G walk into a bar ..." 
I had a blind prostitute once. She said I was the biggest she'd ever had. I said "you're pulling my leg." 
If you get the main gist of it down, you can ad lib everything else on the spot, which is mostly quotes of whatever they are doing when they meet, followed by the boss being skeptical. In 100 years nobody will actually know who Tom Cruise is. They will know Dave, however.  Introduce Dave & Boss   Meet Tom Cruise   Meet President Obama   Dave meets the Pope & returns   Boss's Heart Attack   Punchline from unknown person 
Reminds me of the Purple Polka Dotted ping pong ball joke.  
It's both a joke and a shitty brain teaser for job interviews. 
If I can help someone drop a deuce, its been a good day. 
I know right!? The others were good, this was incredible. 
A woman walks into a bar. She says to the bartender 'I'd like a double entendre please'. So he gives it to her.  
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Cause it's too far to walk 
This is the first time I've ever seen anyone besides my husband tell this joke.   He saves it for when ducks or geese are actually flying overhead. On at least one occasion, he started laughing too hard to finish the joke because he knew how poorly the guy he was telling it to was going to react. That was awesome! 
A pirate walks into a bar with a roll of paper towels on his head. The bartender asks, "What's up with the paper towels?" The pirate replies,  "Arr, there be a Bounty on me head!" 
Squirrel is hanging out in a pine tree, chewing on a pinecone. Suddenly the tree starts shaking like crazy, so he looks to see what the commotion is all about. Lo and behold, elephant is clumsily climbing his way up.  "What are you doing up here?" asks squirrel.  "Oh, I just felt like climbing up here to eat some pears," replies elephant.  "Stupid elephant... this is a pine tree, there are no pears here."  "It's ok, I brought my own pears." 
A string walks in to a bar and the bartender says "we don't serve your kind here."  "Well, what kind is that?"   "String. We don't serve string. Aren't you a string?"  "No sir, I'm a frayed knot."    * Boooooooo!! Hisssssss!! * 
How can you tell your Valentine is a leper?    There's a tongue stuck to the envelope 
SCOTTISH PEOPLE DO NOT SAY FOOK AND THEY NEVER HAVE.   EVERY SINGLE THREAD.  Sorry. 
It's funnier if you think that the dog doesn't need a tree to pee because he's a dog, he can go where ever. The joke is he's holding his pee for no reason, or that his dog logic thinks he can't pee unless there's a tree.  Or if you refer to a couple getting lost driving somewhere and one says they'll pee their pants if they don't find a bathroom soon. It's funny to think dogs share that experience. 
What did the leper say to the prostitute?    Keep the tip. 
I wasn't implying that it would be difficult to remember the specific sequence of events, just that I'm going to want to recall that this joke exists when the time comes that I want to tell a joke. 
You know the ping pong ball one?...  Last summer I was on vacation visiting New Hampshire. I went to a concert with a group of friends and on the way back the guy driving starts with the ping pong ball story. He lines it up so it fills up the entire 25 minutes to get back to where we were staying. 25 minutes. 
I have been laughing at this for over an hour now  
As somebody who's watched a bunch of clips of him on youtube, he seems like a real goofball.  I like him.   
In college a prof told a story of giving a speech to korean dignitaries, and he told a joke that had them dying from laughter. After his talk he asked the interpreter why they found it so amusing and he said that it wouldn't have translated well so he just told them the speaker has made a very funny joke. 
You know how birds fly in the big V's and sometimes one side will be longer than the other? You know why that is?  It's because there's more birds on that side.  
Captain Redbeard walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Redbeard, where's your buccaneers?   Redbeard replies, 'Under me buccan hat'.  (if you want to see all the jokes I've posted in here, click on my username.) 
I've heard it like this   '..... we don't serve your kind here. So the rope walks out the door and ties himself in a knot and ravels his ends a little bit and walks back in. The barkeep says hey aren't you the rope that was just in here? And the rope says nope, I'm a frayed knot.' 
Fook sounds more English to me. Feck is Irish and fouck is perhaps more accurate to what a Scottish "fuck" sounds like 
I was 18 and working behind the bar of a pub.  The locals were fond of trying to top each other's jokes, and I'd be more than happy being paid to pour drinks and listen.  But one time, they asked me if I knew any jokes.  This is the exact one I told, and nobody laughed.  I asked if they got it, thinking they might not be familiar with the symptoms of leprosy, or maybe they didn't get the faulty premise of the "tip" as change/penis.  Then one of them leaned in close and said "Leopard?!"  
You should know the joke by heart because you know Dave. 
I honestly like the first one more because of the build up between the three guys. I was thinking there must be an ulterior motive for the arm wishes but they already head me cracking up. Then he walks into the bar, arms flailing and head nodding - I'm cracking up even harder. "I think I fucked up". Fucking got me good. Me and my friends say that when we're doing dumb shit so it hit home.  
The funniest thing about him is that occasionally he wakes the fuck up for a minute and does some real journalism. Nobody ever knows what to do.   He also once wore the exact same clothes on air every day for (IIRC) over a year to make a point about sexism in media. He eventually had to announce himself what he'd done because people *still* hadn't caught on.  He seems to be an intelligent, sensible dude who's well aware his job is to keep mornings light and vaguely factual. He just has fun with it while waiting for the PM to make the mistake of coming on looking for an easy bit of airtime, then pounces out and takes the cunt to task. Even a fairly easy question is disarming as shit when you're expecting to be spending a few minutes making bad jokes about soft news. 
It will actually be starring Eddie Murphy as both the pope, his wife and his mother. It will be hilarious, I guarantee.  
Really... if they wrote a 10 page poem for this joke I would not feel frustrated by the end. 
I feel like my life just found its purpose.   That was to lead you to the Foo Fighters music.  I will tell this story to my children.  
All his life he was searching for something   Something never comes never leads to nothing   Nothing satisfies but he's getting close   When manly_lumber jack said "Watch him as he goes!" 
Oh my god that's amazing. What a total tool. You were super nice to him, MAN that would burn me up so bad it'd be hard for me to even finish the interview. 
That was one very good reptilian dog you had there.  Did you catch the guy? 
I had good friend, when I was in primary school who had a step dad I really couldn't stand. He was quite a bit older than her mom and very strict. I even avoided to go to her place, when he was there. Later she told me that he beat her and her brother quite regularly. 
"Maybe it's because he was a 35 year old man who wore visors."  Funniest thing I've read this year 
The amount of pedophile stories in this thread is freaking me out. 
Similarly: I got some really weird vibes from my high school-age group Sunday school teacher. He was also a church elder, was on the town council, and was a bigwig at some computer tech company, and so on. I was never really comfortable being alone with him. His wife seemed to be crawling out of her own skin when she was around him. Always bossing her around and telling her to shut up in front of people.  Fast forward many years later: He was arrested and convicted of raping young teenage boys, age 14 or so. I was the same age range as the boys he raped at the time he was committing these acts. Dodged a bullet myself..... 
It's interesting, I think we (women) generally try to repress those feelings towards other women who appear to be friendly--even though we're getting a weird vibe.  We sort tell ourselves it's us, not them.  And then, turns out, it's them. 
Your cupcake statement reminded me of my friends bf who came to my house for the first time,to meet me and take her home. I had a pack of those mini cupcakes on my stove. He proceeds to open the top of the package,while not saying anything,touches the tops of all the cupcakes..(me and my friend are both shocked and can only stare in amazement) he then asks if he can have one... I snap out of it and tell him he can have them all,now he's touch EVERY SINGLE FUCKING CUPCAKE!!!! He leave shortly after eating all the cupcakes...I have never spoken to him again...fuck him for touching my cupcakes. Also for the record,she broke up with him shortly after,because only psychopaths touch other people's cupcakes... 
So he walked into the shower with a bunch of naked girls? And no one else thought it was strange? 
Yo momma so fat, she survived and lives a happy life! 
Your grandma sounds awesome. Leaping over furniture and escaping from a murderer.  
I've known some pathological liars and they always have a way of explaining why they work a mundane job when they're  (every one that I'd run into, so far) rich or very well-off.   One said he won the lottery and was worth about 40 million, but worked a regular job to keep from being bored. There was no winner when he said he had won, and he wasn't smart enough to go through an attorney.  Another claimed he was worth just under a million and he owned a modded BMW M5 but drove his brother's Mazda to work, claiming it was to help his brother out by loaning him the M5. He also claimed to work his shitty $10/hr job as a way to keep busy most days. 
I want to meet your sister and find out about myself. 
How horrifying. I went to high school with a girl who was a pathological liar (but didn't make paranormal claims) & this girl did so much meth during her pregnancy her baby died soon after birth. I always wonder why she was so messed up. 
The assistant pastor at my parents church always gave me the creeps, couldn't quite place my finger on it since he never did anything particularly creepy, he just looked like he had something to hide. A few years later, he was arrested for upskirting young girls at the mall. No telling what else he was doing too.   This was a decade ago, dunno if counseling worked for him or anything but I haven't seen him pop up on the news at all.  
"You're just jealous you're not hot enough to get hit on by a creepy teacher" that sounds like many of the popular girls in my high school & middle school. I wonder how they felt when he got caught. Keep trusting your gut!  
It's not often you hear about people still having contact with their first girlfriends - at least, I know more stories in which people don't stay in contact rather than they do. May I ask, how much time is in between you and her breaking up, and them getting married?   It may be a bit of an offtopic question in this topic but I'm genuinely interested.  
A girl I know is doing this. All my friends love her but something in my gut told me something wasn't right. She was always flirting with all the lads, acting very single. Find out she's seeing a guy I know from other friends. Not only that, it turns out she also has another boyfriend she's had for years. So she has a long term boyfriend, is seeing this other guy, and is by all means, trying to get with my friends too. Was very surreal. But I was just jealous of her when I didn't warm to her straight away like everyone else.  
My sister's class at school had a competition to write to him to get on to his Jim'll Fix It show. She was picked, and she really really wanted to do the thing she wrote about. But she completely refused to go to the show because she said he was creepy. She got in a tonne of trouble at school because of it, but I guess that was better than what could have happened.  
This sounds like high school. Please be high school. 
I have a friend who has high functioning Aspergers. Unfortunately for him he loves people, craves social settings, and has a fear of being left out. Of course, most people instantly don't like him and won't give him a chance, which leads to a lack of social life and missing out.   He is definitely (as you put it) creepy, but not a creep.   Actually a pretty top bloke most of the time, been his friend for like 5 or 6 years since high-school. Will bend over backwards to help most people in any way he can. Even paid the rego on my first car, and loaned me the money for a new PC (I'm fucking poor as shit, he is insanely frugal - partially thanks to a lack of friends), both of which I'm now working off for him.  
I dated a guy that everyone thought was the greatest, and by all accounts, seemed to be. But my kids really didn't like him and my brother described him "as super mild mannered but the kind of guy that comes home one day and just murders his entire family" The relationship didn't last because of these reasons as well as my own but, as of 2 years, he's still just a great guy as far as everyone knows. Now it has me thinking.  
Very creepy! My brother was an anxiety sleep walker in during his freshman year in college. He would wake up in different places in the dorm and one night his roommate, who he had just met, woke up to my brothwr standing over his bed. The guy transfered schools shortly after.  My brother is a totally normal guy and hasn't had any sleepwalking episodes since. 
I'm not going to lie. I only started doing it because of the people I loved. I serve a small area (around 12000 people) and my ego said that I'd feel better with me caring for them than someone else.   Turned out I fucking love my job and I hate it. I get a rush off the enormous emotional swings involved. But at the end of the day when I know I did the best I could possibly do I can honestly say I am proud of myself. I couldn't get that in the factor jobs here.   The key is to never stop questioning yourself. I'm not saying doubt yourself, but double checking yourself. If you fucked up own up. Learn from your mistakes.  
Letting your child go unwashed with her belongings covered in waste IS neglect. There was 100% a reason to report this. Neglect isn't just letting your children go hungry. 
Not for that caper, but I think he got popped for something else.  And I got a phone call a few months later from an angry ex-girlfriend telling me my suspicions were correct and which pawn shop he used.  The police were just like, "Meh." 
To be fair, it's not a thread about people who gave a good first impression and later turned out to have an exemplary character. 
Thanks for offering a ride, but I think I'll just ~~walk~~run... 
Yes! There is a saying "she was thought to be crazy by the man who drove her there". So true. Or woman. I guess 
I sometimes think my life story could have been a fantastic book for Oprah's book club.  Maybe this is why I hate things like that and prefer humor? Sometimes dark, sometimes with cream and sugar. 
This reminds me of our close family friends - father had been molesting his daughter for years and his wife (my mum's best friend) treated her like the *other woman* in an affair. 
Yes, Dave sucks. But I, too, would like to know more about this avocado ranch. Specifically why it's not a farm, but a ranch. Also the avocados.  
The avocado farm was a hotbed of drama and passion, but that's avocado farms for ya.  
It was fucking horrific.  We knew something wasn't right with him but we had nothing other than our gut feelings and some creepy looks he gave some little girls.   And of course everyone else in the family just loved him so we looked like assholes for refusing to associate with him.     Even after his conviction people in the family are still making excuses for what he did and trying to tell people that what he did wasn't really that bad.   My husband doesn't talk to that side of the family anymore.   
Right? How's she going to afford the rent without a roommate?? 
From own experience: it never goes well, and the person who tried to warn the others becomes a cynical bastard because of it.  
Wanna come over for waffles? Maybe it'll make your day better :) 
I guess some did, I'm still friends with a girl, that also went there and she left the club for the same reason I did. I think they were either too embarassed to tell or they really didn't think of it as strange. As I said, he was loved by everyone, he also was teacher at my elemantary school. People trusted him.  
It was a legit reason for him to enter the showers and us being seven years olds somehow liked the idea of having a snowball fight... 
What's interesting in a case like that it's not impossible to be otherwise the nicest and coolest guy but be sexually attracted to children.  I once read a comment on reddit from a throw-away that they had been sexually attracted to children all their life and it made them miserable. They told they never touched anyone and never would yet they still feel the urge. IIRC they were in therapy to "treat" it.  Sounds super sad, you know, to know there's something wrong about you, something you hate but can't change.  I have no compassion for people who in anyway, directly or in directly, touch kids or are somehow involved in CP since we are not animals and we in control of ourselves. However, the ones that have the urges but never act on them - what a curse to live with. 
Yo mama so fat, only serial killer that stalks her is heart disease 
The great country of Nonobia resents that comment. 
"when you look at someone with rose colored glasses, all the red flags are just flags"   
She's in better shape than anyone I know, that's for sure! XD 
I'm gonna assume that it was a knife behind his back  and the last sentence does say the cops were called 
I think he was lonely and heartbroken. She was like this dream come true for him. She pretended to be into everything he was into, even though I could tell that bitch didn't like animals. If you like animals you don't look like your playing freeze tags when one accidentally brushes up against you.  Was he wrong? Absolutely.  Can I understand WHY he allowed himself to be fooled? Yup. 
100% totally agree. Not even a question. It took a lot for his mother to even speak to him again. 
I think if you spend time worrying that you might be secretly bad, you're probably not too bad. 
Another similar story here.   I found the pastor at my mom's church super creepy. He never did anything overtly creepy, it was just the way he looked at me (I was 16-17 at the time). My mom told me I was crazy (she even said that my 'teenage egomania' was making me misconstrue simple glances) and no one else seemed to be weirded out or put off by him at all.   Then one night at teen bible study, Pastor's teenage daughter broke down and confessed that he had been sexually abusing her for most of her life. It was awful. I can't imagine how lonely and isolated that girl must have felt, surrounded her entire life by people that think her dad is a saint; and the courage it must have taken to finally speak up at all, let alone to a huge group of people that thought her dad could do no wrong. Thankfully she was immediately believed and supported, and Pastor was reported to the police.  
Childhood sexual abuse is a manipulative thing. It's not uncommon for abused folks to remain in an abusive situation, sometimes their whole lives, say if their abuser is also their brother. 
This is the kind of content I want on r/nosleep   Not some shit like *My Uncles PortaPotty is Haunted part 1719*  Even though this is real, and not for the purpose of being scary, its so much more intense and enjoyable to read.  
Not only did I trust my gut, I also drew dicks on his car when I could find it in the parking lot. 
It did indeed. But this was some years after I'd graduated, so I didn't really have any reason to argue the case again with anybody. 
Don't remember her name, unfortunately. My parents were really good about not being dismissive when I was a kid. 
Now I'm wondering if OP just mistook a cute "You are so cute I want to take you home and bake cookies for you" for an actual kidnapping attempt.  
I know a Bulgarian girl doing this. Shes attractive and has a good job, and is married to an English guy, but has a 'soul mate' in Bulgaria. She also goes on dates with other guys, as long as they're rich or really handsome. It's weird, because all her Bulgarian girlfriends think she's perfectly entitled to do this, and being married doesn't take her off the market, while her husband is in total denial and thinks she's just friendly with other guys.  
Oh absolutely. I felt awful for him. But I wanted to hire a sky writer to tell her to fuck off haha  
I used to get people to pull their own harness up, and would show them how to close the buckles. When it came time to thread the rope through the loops, there was a good 5-6 inches of rope between my hand and the harness. Can't be too careful. Speaking of careful, I always double and triple checked harnesses, both to make sure they were tight enough and that they were properly done up. 
Same here, turns out the dog had secretly been evil etc 
Dogs always know dude.  Just turn yourself in to the police now and save everyone the trouble. 
i finally understand why in english class they say to define pronouns 
Yeah, turns out some pensioner in the pub I drink in was a prolific pedophile, it turns out he was at it for decades, generally against very vulnerable people; disabled children etc, basically the worst you can get. What was horrific is that he was reasonably normal, you expect these people to be monsters, the idea that they're walking amongst you is the scary part.  
My understanding of it is that people give off micro expressions and your brain notices these even when you don't.  So while, as you say the person controls the outer appearance, small expressions push through of their real thoughts.  Some people are better at seeing these than others. 
Username checks out. History shows posts about Africa. I'm almost 99% sure OP is really Oscar Pistorius and is just trying to be relevant again.  
 Indeed, Johannesburg born and raised! Okay, so to be fair, please don't take my story as a full and complete portrayl of his character. After all, we were just teenagers at a house party - I'd hate to be judged for who I was at 17. Maybe he tried his best to be a better person in the following years. My story just tied in perfectly with the question so decided to stop lurking for once and contribute..... it's been cathartic.  
People like that are the minority, but they're the ones that stick in people's brains and turn our whole society to think "men can't like playing with kids or they're pervs". 
Try being a *dad* without your wife present at all times. I've had to defend myself from strangers accusing me of pedo intentions towards my own children on the playground. Though to be fair, this is more a statement on the sorts of people that would attack somebody they simply assume is a predator, than society itself - which seems to have more and more of those people in it anyways. 
Sometimes I wonder if I'm a narcissist, as I have been called one in fights before and I can go all scorched-earth, but I try to keep my ego in check by questioning myself. I feel like if I let myself go unchecked I could become one especially because I'm not perfect and make mistakes. Also when I go scorched-earth it tends to be in defense of someone I love 
Do you want rampages?  Because this is how you get rampages.   I hate hearing shit like this so much. THESE ARE YOUR FUCKING KIDS MAN. FUCKING DO THE RIGHT THING. OR DON'T HAVE KIDS.  
Sole manager of said Ranch here!   You see, in order to become a farm, we need a proper set of investors backing us. With your help, we can put this Ranch phase behind us, and become a true Avocado farm once and for all! I'll take you for a tour sometime. 
That does make me wonder though, if they already signed a lease together shouldn't he still be liable for his half of the rent?  I mean I don't know if I would push it to far and sue someone crazy like, that but if you got his half plus get another roommate BOOM free rent! 
Don't let it get to you.  Sometimes you cannot fix stupid.  You saw the problem when nobody else could.  That is a very important skill.  Keep your eyes open man! 
I'm thinking it was a not-subtle message from the judge.  The number I wish was wrong is how many times the high-school girl stabbed her foster mother; why (and how, honestly) would you stab anyone 178 times?   I couldn't even imagine stabbing Hitler 178 times.   (I mean, the father may have talked her into killing the woman, but there's something *very, very* wrong with a person who murders someone with that much overkill. (Beyond being a murderer, that is.)   That's like, almost *beyond* psychopathy.  
Yeah, that's usually the story.  This is how they get to the position of trust they need to get what they want.  Everyone is always so surprised.  It's almost never the guy with the weird mustache.  You'd never let him near your kids, so how would looking the part help? 
That in itself is creepy.  Just the snowball thing... Yuck.  
I mean I feel like if you're attracted to kids and hate that about yourself and don't want to act on it you'd probably NOT choose to go into elementary education. Probably did so to get close to kids. 
Stand up move, contacting affected customers. If a restaurant did that for me over 5 bucks months ago,  I would become a fan.  
I think they did but just did not expect it from their prized employee 
Reminds me of my favorite Mark Twain quote: "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything."   I don't know how people have the energy to keep up an elaborate web of lies.  I've lived by this for many years, and it has made life pretty easy, bitching even.   
I say the same thing to parents, if you spend your time worried that you're a bad parent, you're probably not. Bad parents don't give a shit.  
Ugh. That's terrible. Sorry you had to deal with that. 
Weird when you hear "oh they moved to this country" and it's your own country.  
I chuckled at this. Love it. My favorite meme is the one where someone asks Michelangelo to do the Sistine Chapel & he's all "ya but I'm gonna draw a bunch of dicks on it though"  
That's so awesome. That's the kind of parent I want to be someday.  
Kids can be super honest sometimes. Other times my daughters tell me about all the dinosaurs they hunted and killed and the caves they live in where they festooned the walls with the dinosaur intestines. Idk whats real or not real anymore. 
My Asian mom did stuff that other people could take as being creepy. She loves babies and would want to hold them. Then she would say something like "oh he/she's so pretty. Can I take him/her home". Obviously she wasn't serious. 
My Asian mom has also done some things that would freak out Americans. Once on a road trip we were getting ready to leave a ratty motel/apartments in a hick town, mom sees one of the live-in children watching her eat cookies. She has the kid come into our van to eat cookies with her.   Needless to say when I came upon the scene I quickly explained in non-English why this shit could get her in some big trouble, this isn't Asia, get that kid the fuck out of the van before someone sees.  
Do you happen to know if this is common among Bulgarians? Or just a one off thing  
If anyone ever said they knew how to do it themselves I'd let them, but I would always always always double check the harness and make sure they were clipped properly. After every attempt too. When it comes to safety, it takes A LOT to be "too careful." 
Yeah I was imagining this dog setting up op.   "oh really? The dog shit in the living room? The dog we all love?"  "I SWEAR, WTF, WHY WOULD I SHIT IN YOUR LIVING ROOM?"  "Get the hell out of my house you freak " 
In the original story for "Minority Report," Philip K. Dick actually had "predogs" instead of "precogs" but Steven Spielberg felt this would be too realistic, and detract from the scifi element.  
I feel like there's a new person with each pronoun.  
Awww what a good pup! I never had a dog escort me, but my friend's dog would always randomly show up on my back porch, demand to come inside to sniff and then leave.  
It's a tradition in our family to give a copy of this book to every girl graduating from high school. Really, everyone should read it, though. 
That's what I was thinking. I don't get how it's possible to do that kind of thing and keep parental rights. Especially since she said he had a daughter.  
I had a similar experience with my uncle. He was always super friendly at family events, but as a kid I just had an intuitive feeling to stay the hell away from him.   I guess he was just a little too touchy, especially considering how everyone else in my family would barely give you a handshake, even if they hadn't seen you for years.   Turns out her raped both my female cousins, his daughters, the entire time they were growing up.  
Seems like its always the ones obsessing from the pulpit about homosexuality that turn out to be cock crazy.   
I've noticed micro facial expressions in myself during times of conflict and stress. Random muscles twitching or a darting eye or things like that 
You know you're entering Gary when it's 100 degrees outside and all of the car windows start rolling up. 
OP - Oscar Pistorius.   I see what you did there!  And I like it.    
You and your friend are decent people, it sounds like this was the beginning of the crazy and you weren't to know. Glad your friend got out of it.  
If you really want to creep them out, hate kids *and* football. 
I had my infant son out shopping at Staples with my wife's Guncle and a random lady literally tried to take the baby out of his arms because a baby that young "must have a mother" and we clearly stole him. It was insane. She went from, "aww, cute baby" to "I'm saving him from you perverted gay kidnappers" in 5 seconds flat. Thankfully store management escorted her out. 
what kind of confused brain thinks like, hmm I really love my daughter I want to be a part of her life. Divorce will likely fuck me over. What's the solution...oh I know, murder her mother!  
Yeah fuck snowballs. Snowballs are fucking pedophiles man. 
This is not a standard thing in the US or Canada at least. Group showers for seven year olds supervised only by a male coach?  Also the post said he got in trouble after assault at a training camp for younger girls. Do 5 year olds have "training camps"? Maybe this is in a country with a different sports system or something? Seems possible as handball is not so popular in North America. 
It really says a lot about the owners. Good on them. 
It still doesn't check out. First time something goes missing at night you have your security system improved. Most people don't sit there and go "oh darn it, an electric piano disappeared again" and then forget about it. 
Coming from a guy who told people his name was Mark Twain 
Thank you :) It's all good now, this happened almost 12 yrs ago and I've moved to another country since:)  
I think variations definitely translate fine/exist in English.  "Oh you're such a good kid, I should take you home/adopt you myself!"  Or even naughty children, "if you don't stop acting up, your mom will leave you with me and I'll put you to work!"  But there's definitely a tone people say it with that makes it obvious.  The "not taking no for an answer" is what puts the situation into creepy territory.  
And now some kid is out there persuading all the other kids that getting into a van really does result in free cookies. Nice going, Asian Mom.  
I know couple of Bulgarian girls and they're nothing like this Might be it's just that group.  
Feels like graduation from middle school would be the more appropriate age for this. High schools girls get trapped in a lot of shit because they don't know how to stop someone without being "rude." (Personal experience.) 
That is so fucked up. How does someone do that to their own children (well, any child)? What a monster. 
A lot of preachers tend to do sermons on the things they struggle with more frequently. It's easier to talk about something you personally have an issue with than something you don't. 
It's crazy how justifying something with "think of the children" can make people into actual kidnappers, thinking they're righteous.  
I think it depends on how often they check their inventory. Do they count their items in stock every day, once a week/month? By the time they checked, several items could've been taken over a period of days/weeks. As an insider, he knew their system and worked around it.  
Please tell me he and your brother then went on to drink a beer together and became friends? 
can confirm, dated a Bulgarian girl for a while, can't confirm whether or not she put a curse on me when it ended though. 
Holy shit. The coherent sentence shows the darker meaning... 
Well also abuse from family is way more taboo and kept hush hush so you would never really hear about it.  
When reading stuff like this it is important to remember how the over-whelming majority of humanity would never harm your daughter. A lot of us would die before harming a child. 
I used to work at a rape crisis center.  One of the staff had a FIL who had raped his wife, all his daughters, all his DILs, all his granddaughters and god knows who else. She finally put her foot down and made their family be no contact.  But no one ever stopped him.  It can totally be generational.  Which makes me want to puke. 
Work in a store, and now count our inventory every monday. But before we did it 2 times a year. You could have stolen a shit ton of products in that time, but once you do inventory, you finally realize how much you're missing. 
Not that I know of. My brother moved five hours away shortly after that so I doubt it.  
These things go on usually because no one is willing/brave enough to report the rapist. They'll say things like "oh we can deal with it in the family", etc, and that's how more generations of children get abused.  
Right. I'm a teacher, so I have been able to observe the results of all of that in, oh, about 1300 children over the years. I HATE the stranger danger stuff. Kids very badly need to be able to deal with and interact with strangers. I wish families would teach healthy boundaries and assertiveness instead of the stranger bullshit. 
That is absolutely terrible I am so sorry you went through that. 12 and 14? A 2 year difference does not make you a pedo for fucks sake. you poor kid. Fuck that place, that is an awful way to mess with someone's perceptions of sexuality.  
I have a friend that works for a professional inventory counting service.  They go to huge warehouses to count inventory and have these weird hip mounted computers they use to count and keep track of stuff.  When I knew him in high school he could barely do math but now he has Rainman level skill at counting a group of matched items close together.    
Yeah mob mentality can be a lovely thing... I feel bad for all the innocent older men who look like Elvis and sing like him in Australian bars. 
Best thing about being full circle is that you're never straight. 
I have a friend who was raped by her dad. Years before (before she was born) he had raped several other family members. Someone did report it, it went to trial and he got off because of his standing in the community and no one wanting to believe someone they knew so well could do this. This all came out because he continued the behavior and when he started in on it again with his young granddaughter, his DIL flipped and is trying really hard to get charges pressed and get him locked up. However, despite multiple other people coming forward that he did this to them, he still hasn't been arrested and people are still taking his side. This has been going on for almost 2 years. Sometimes reporting it isn't enough. It may stop the abuse for 1 child, but we as a society have to be able to put our personal feelings aside for people like this (who we thought we knew!) and hold them accountable.  
As someone who is socially awkward to a borderline debilitating extent, thank you. If I'd have learned people skills young I wouldnt have to put so much effort into it now that I'm 21. 
Schools should just make kids who are bad at math do inventory. 
I don't understand why they can't/won't put the guy away after people come out against him. I understand if it is like 1 person, but if you have multiple claims against him, it becomes more probable.  
I sucked at multiplication tables all through school. Got a stock room job after graduating with a masters. Knew my multiplication tables up to 16 in three months.  
That's a really compassionate way of seeing the North Korea situation 
Have parents who grew up in Korea, I'd definitely say that they have more resentment towards Japan than NK. I'd have to ask them, but they seem to be more sympathetic towards NK, especially since many have relatives there.  
It is due to the isolation and difference in North Korean language and culture in comparison to the South I believe.  60 Years of total separation has its affects. 
Damn, this post was moving.  Especially that you were taught that you're brothers and sisters, and "Koreans" meaning "one people"   We're all brothers and sisters, when you think about it. It's a shame that the whole world wants to alienate us from each other. 
Yea my parents' generation, they used to have regular evacuation drills and stuff. But they do not Reddit.  
I think I can speak for the general majority of ROK soldiers when I say this, and in short, we are very appreciative of you guys. We have teaching sessions in the army, roughly translated as "mental education", during which we are taught that the American military presence in Korea serves as a deterrent to North Korean aggression. I remember one instructor talking about aircraft carriers with passion. "China has a military budget of XX dollars, but they have one aircraft carrier. The US Navy has ten aircraft carriers. End of story."  So all in all, we like you guys, both because you guys are fun to be around and also because we are taught that we need you. 
Regarding the general South Korean attitude, yes they are not really accepted. Although ethnically the same, North Koreans are very different when it comes to dialect, culture, education, etiquette etc etc. They take classes on how to adjust to a completely new society but still struggle. Without common experiences, both South and North Koreans are having a hard time to adjust to each other.  In my opinion, this is one of the more worrying aspects of reunification. We probably will mistreat North Koreans and without proper identification of the problem, education of a solution and a subsequent public shift in attitude, we will not get along that easily.  However, with more and more TV shows with North Koreans (there are some popular ones right now) and more public exposure to North Koreans, we are getting better with regards to treating them better.  I feel like that this could have been answered better but I hope this was adequate. 
yeah this is what I wanted to ask. Can't imagine that there were actually children receiving these letters, NK government probably wouldn't allow it. 
That is an incredible compliment, thank you. I did work in the translation industry for quite a while, so that may definitely helped. I also go on reddit on a daily basis, and read/watch a ton of English based media. 
There is a documentary called A State of Mind that focuses on the Mass Games in North Korea. I watched it several years ago and it was really insightful and showed how they push the value of group dynamics over individual achievement.  
Not OP, but what you say regarding the impracticality of reunification is correct. However, the ideal is for reunification; it's just no one has any concrete ideas for this nor do we agree on a lot of things regarding NK.  Sympathy for the people is supposed to be a given, so that one day if reunification does happen, we can be ready for it. As OP mentions, the NK regime and military are the taught as the "main enemy/adversary". This is an acknowledgement of that the threat that is NK yet that we must not be confused with "regime/military" and "people". 
They probably didn't want to tell children anything worse.  
I think the difference is that North American media focuses on DPRK's leadership, while it seems like the people in ROK focus on the people of the DPRK.  My perspective on the North American obsession with DPRK villainy ends at it's leadership and government.  I feel for the North Korean people and wish they could be reunited with their families in the south.   
People forget that South Korea was once a fascist dictatorship. 
The popular choices were the US, Canada, and Australia.  
For younger generations, the consensus is to stay where they are now. SK people sacrificed a lot to get to where they are economically and does not want to lose their sons/brothers/fathers to war.  My perspective is that the country must be united once again. Depends on what party takes over the government. If liberal, peaceful merge. If conservative, hit me and we will hit you back harder. However, both parties have aims to reunite. Just different methods 
Well, we had to watch the videos of those kids and we felt bad for them. It hits you hard when kids who look like you and speaks the same language dies off from starvation 
They did, but not the people. Implication was that NK people are just "hypnotized" by communism ideology and needs to be save. 
My question is:  would it really be that expensive?  I see how trying to drag NK into 2017 at a fast pace would be expensive, but instead of doing that what if we took a more bottom-up approach.  They have resources, and they have manpower even if it is unskilled in large part.  I can't help but think that if we opened up the farming and mining operations there it would generate the money and the raw materials to let them build out their own industries without importing much material outside of super advanced things like CPUs and really heavy industry stuff.  Humans don't like fast change (well I do, but I'm weird) and if they suddenly had access to all the world has to offer it would likely result in a lot of chaos.  If NK is like the US was in 1910, then we could likely move them through 117 years of progress in just 30 years.  As long as people feel they are getting a fair deal, and can see their kids becoming more prosperous than themselves - they tend to be content with that. 
Its not a taboo topic to talk about or anything. Its comes up just like any other political comment. 
which part of Seoul were you visiting? I find it hard to believe people were visibly uncomfortable with someone speaking Japanese, there are Japanese tourists everywhere. 
My father escaped north Korea total of 3 times and 2 of the time he got caught in china and brought back into north Korea. We have a relative who are higher up in ranks of north Korean officials who refused to help our family but this time he helped my father from getting executed and made him serve in prison for total of 13 years after  coming out he tried his 3rd escape which he made to south korea. From then he sent few people to bring me and my grandmother to south. I was separated from my mother when i was 5 since my grandmother adopted me. Still no news from my mother. Apart from my mother and rich relatives,  no family left in north.  
I know! My grandpa didn't even recognize his little brother :( I'm pretty sure my grandpa abandoned his family when he joined the SK army with his best friend. He was a great grandpa but generally a pretty shitty person. His little brother is still alive and awesome! Eerily lives sorta close to the DMZ.  
Often in South Korea, North Koreans face social isolation and discrimination 
She didn't trust it. Said something about not being regulated or something 
No. Probably from the Chinese character for the U.S. which means "beautiful" and is pronounced "Mei" in Chinese. Same character is likely pronounced "Mi" in Korean.    
My father in law recently visited from South Korea and we watched that show together.  Basically it is a Korean style talk show where professional South Korean hosts interview defectors about their life and experiences.  Since North Korea sucks so bad, it might come across as propaganda but it does not seem to have a script.  You can watch the most recent episodes on ondemandkorea.com but there are no subtitles. 
I couldn't either. It would be worth dying for to try and get them back.  
I mean Korea transformed so completely during their lives, can I ask how they talk about this transformation and how the country was under the elder Park, or how they use industrial tools that they might not have had as children if they were especially poor? 
I could potentially see a coup of sympathetic North Koreans finally overthrowing them. 
Not to mention the fact that, you know, he's committed war crimes and will probably end up in prison for the rest of his life and/or executed.    Pretty sure he mostly doesn't wanna die.  
That's something aboutour military budget i feel is overlooked often. We spend so much on defense because so many strategically critical allied countries rely solely on us for protection. We have to shuffle all those ships around constantly bringing them in for repairs while supplementing those with spare ships that are just finishing being repaired 
Probably similar to the reunification of Germany. From what I understand there were big problems with this at first and there are still problems today.  
I have read about letters and propaganda fliers being tied to balloons and released at the DMZ where the wind carries them to the North. I could see these letters being gathered by SK and US forces for exactly that sort of psyop. Of course, I'm just speculating.  
That could be the case. We definitely don't tell our children about the atrocities we've committed in the US until much later 
there is a good reason for that. in the rather cruel and gruesome korean war about a third of the north korean population died.  its easy to make fun of north koreas paranoia and hatred for the US when its expressed by a silly looking fat kid, but there are few countries and societes that were devastated to such an extent as (north) korea by us bombs and napalm. 
The defectors are usually called "sae-tuh-min" which means something like "newly-housed". I remember having one classmate in elementary school who came down from NK with his mom. I remember him having a normal school life, and no one had anything against him. He was actually quite popular due to his awesome soccer skills. As far as I know, even the  parents including mine were "curious" of how they got there, but showed no hostility.  
By people do you mean South Koreans?  The demonizing of North Korea was probably done under the exact dictatorship you're talking about.  The people today are not ignorant of the dictatorships, and are very much resentful about it.  This is especially so after the impeachment of the recent corrupt president, who was the daughter of the dictator. 
When I was talking to people who worked for reunification efforts in Korea, I heard that often times Koreans from abroad feel more strongly about reunification than native Koreans. He stated that unfortunately many people in Korea have become ambivalent towards the idea of reunifying. Would you say that's accurate?  
How much of that kind of footage exists? It seems like something NK wouldn't allow to be shot, let alone let out of the country. 
My father, who grew up in a communist country, was told of the poor starving kids in America. 
Yes and also compassion for the northerners. They did not choose to be that way. They we left behind. Many of our families fled from the North. They had sons and daughters and brothers and sisters who didn't make it. They weren't evil. They just didn't make it out. It is a source of grief.  
I find being bilingual so fascinating. I wish I could learn a second language fluently but everyone I know speaks English so I don't have anybody to speak a second language with to get fluent enough to know what it's like. 
There is a significant amount of radical left in Korea who are sympathetic to the North as a means to be be anti-American or are vehement with nationalism and jingoistic.  Remember that there is a draft in South Korea for all young males of a certain age.  Not unheard of that some Korean youths would look at their current situation and think "I'm here because of this unKorean interloper."  It is very likely that there would be a few among the Korean armed services who don't want to be there and will have a "phase" that echoes radical left politics.  
They were actually my friends awkwardly enough. On a rowdy night a girl had a talk with me about how they despise the Japanese. Mostly because of war crimes.  They're in their 30s. Living in the metropolitan areas. I've also had a man get annoyed at me when I said kanpai by accident when I was sloshed. Great people otherwise though. I hope the hate can be let go some day. 
That's an amazing story. It sounds like your father has been through a lot. I'm glad to hear your family is together and I'm sorry that you face discrimination now. I hope South Koreans will get more education about North Koreans so they are not scared of them.  Do you know anyone else from North Korea apart from your family? I wonder if you would become friends and support each other. 
Very reasonable to say that, since there's not much science going on there, god knows what kind of food regulations they have over there. 
Yes, as you say, Migook does not come from Korean's view of Americans or America as beautiful. It is a direct borrowing from Chinese, and I would venture to guess that the Chinese word for America was from the "-me-" part of America (uh-MEI-ri-cuh), since that is where the stress is (that's why we get "Murica"). Once they had the sound, they likely chose a character with positive meaning that has the "mei" sound.    Also, "han" in "hangook" does not mean one. It is just a proper name. 
Yup. My mother bribed the border with 'fine' products purchased on the black market to escape socialist Poland in the '80s.  Times were tough...  
South Korea would have a huge hit to their economy.  
I'll have to be honest and say I'm unfortunately not a good resource for this particular question.   My dad and I, while we love each other, like many father/son relationships, exclusively talk about baseball.   My mother grew up relatively wealthy in that era and I've seen many people her age not even relate to her like "wtf you had a tv?" "wtf do you mean you took a taxi to school?"  
One important thing is they have a different vocabulary. The use very few English loanwords, if any, and instead use different words. The South Koreans use them all over the place. This isn't even including the rest of their sentence structure. Korea used to have many regional dialects and accents. Some were very strong. Seoul had a different one than Busan, and they had a different one than places in between. Now, South Korea is mostly a standard Seoul-ish accent. However, the North didn't merge towards the same language, so they talk different, even unintelligible to some.  
There's really no reason for south koreans to be bitter. You have to remember the split was ~65 years ago. A lot of people still have family in nk. During the war many families were split up because only some were willing to make the trek through dangerous conditions to escape north korea. My grandma had to cross through war zones at the age of 11 with her parents so we technically still have relatives over there.  
Most times it's not even explicitly told to them, regardless of how old they get. The only way you can find out about most of it is through research, since nobody wants to talk about the awful things their country has done in the past.   It's always so interesting to learn about history from multiple points of view. It starts to show you how much history differs based on who is telling it.  
Pretty one sided description of the Korean War buddy...you do realize it was was the North Koreans...backed by China and the Soviets who invaded the South? And it wasn't just the Americans supporting the South it was  21 countries  of the United Nations who helped defend South Korea from the invasion force. Don't make it sound like the US just decided to bomb the hell out of the North. 
The fact that she was elected in the first place suggests the resentment is not as total as you suggest. 
I teach SK university students and business professionals, speak Korean and have many longtime Korean friends - and also a decade or so of research and work re: NK. I would say this is accurate, although I'm not OP. Almost everyone from the generation during the war has and is dying off, and for the younger generations, reunification means accepting 23 million refugees overnight into an already highly competitive economy -- with little to no education, job training, and few modern society life skills. The practical means of reunification is a huge roadblock and most of my younger University friends from ten years ago to now seem fairly ambivalent, to be honest. This is just my broad view and I am not South Korean, however. 
I guess the same way actual photos we get from tourists that go there.   Risk their freedom to get unauthorized shots.  
He wasn't entirely misplaced. Tens of thousands of inner-city youth were and still are starving. And I understand that the Soviets in particular liked to portray the problems of racism and black poverty as endemic of the inequalities of the capitalist system.   It was a "you may not have much, but at least you're not left to fend for yourself like those poor people capitalism brushes aside".  
It's just how you phrase it. Don't form a causal relationship between the food they waste and people not having enough. The finish your plate mentality isn't healthy anyway. 
That's kind of adorable. Bonus points for good grandma. 
For me was always Africa.  My mom gave me a kids book that had a spin wheel on it and on the spin wheel was an about 70% chance of hitting a third world country and it was supposed to say how lucky you are for not being born in shitty countries. She made me spin it if I didn't eat all my green beans. 
A lot of people buy in bulk because it's cheaper than individual portions and can last longer. Poverty mindset is hard to get out of. 
Biggest is food shortage. During famine, cannibalism happens often in rural areas. Also if 1 person defects, public execution for all family members left behind 
Well there are two types of gov officials. 1. Comes and goes with gov change every 5 yrs 2. Rose up the rank from bottom up.  My case is number 2, so.. not much?  
Probably suffer the same fate. I'll imagine it be pretty hard to come out of that environment being normal probably will take years to reach whatever normal is 
Isn't there also huge mineral wealth and industrial capacity in North Korea though?  I'd expect the Unified Korea would be a powerhouse similar to Japan (probably more powerful economically)  
German here: Our economy didnt collapse! The east drags us down a bit, but overall it works out. 
Many still are still wiling to, but the tax is going to be MUCH higher that what is now and younger generations may not like that much 
There are plenty north Korean communities are in south. 
Kim Jong Un personally taste tests every piece of candy produced in North Korea.  
That's good, some other users were telling stories about negative biases on NK so I expected more of that and it was just nice to see an alternative 
Hell, there are people in the Republic of Ireland who are concerned about the economic impacts of reunification with Northern Ireland and that situation doesn't even touch that of the Korean Peninsula.   I'll give those South Koreans a pass. It's an absolute clusterfuck of a situation. Although in both cases I think reunification is ultimately the best decision. What's a few years/decades of economic hardship versus fostering an unnatural divide amongst a people that doesn't need to exist.  
I've seen this said elsewhere and it confuses me and makes me wonder if education has changed. I certainly learned about all the atrocities against the Native Americans and slavery. We didn't get all the grisly details in elementary school, of course. But we did in high school. This was 25 years ago though. 
Unfortunately, yes.  Although it has heightened definitely since then.  There are people who regard her father as a great person, since he was the only dictator that used his absolute power for "good" (for certain people).  People who lived during his rule, that benefited from it, still hail him.  Even today, there are protests by older conservatives calling for the decriminalization of the former president.  The rest of us are hardly sympathetic, and a lot of this resentment is also being carried on to such people. 
I suppose there'd also be the lingual gap between North and South Koreans as well. Because of how isolated North Korea is from the rest of the world, even from its southern neighbour, there is beginning to be a noticeable difference between the dialects spoken by the people on either side of the border. 
It would probably be a million times worse than Germany's reunification.  East Germany was backwards and poor but nothing like the disparity between the Koreas. 
Converting the NK population into productive citizens before a full reunification seems like the only viable option. As someone mentioned earlier, a full acceptance of millions of refuges with little concept of modern society and modern skills would be a very tough economic pill to swallow.  
The tourists are only brought to Pyongyang and other areas which are permitted.  The tourists don't get to see the real North Korea, the villages, or obviously the forced labor camps.   
The ironic part is that NK was stronger - economically, militarily, etc. - than SK until the 80s or so. Additionally, both were dictatorships, so being a Korean just kind of sucked for a while (in a way, Korea is the Poland of Asia...). 
It's not just inner city youth. I live in a rural area, wife's a social worker, works with kids that have been abused, trust me, it's a very serious problem in rural america as well. 
If you landed on the 30% did you still have to eat your green beans? 
I think I fall into that category.  Grew up poor, and although I'm doing very well for myself as an adult I feel like I am in a hybrid gray area where I don't always know what a "normal" person would do. 
I remember reading some stories of that in the book "Nothing to Envy," which is one of the few books I can find in the US that talk about regular people in NK and that doesn't focus solely on the government/larger political abstractions. I don't think anyone in the West can really conceive of what it's like to live in that kind of repressive situation. I'm an Orwell scholar and the similarities to Nineteen Eighty-Four are stunning. 
Excellent point. I'm sure SKorean realtors would get excited too. 
There was a 3:1 GDP per capita ratio between West Germany and East Germany. Between North Korea and South Korea it's something like 40:1. 
Well considering the fact that they've been only divided for short period of time compare to SK and NK. Also, East Germany was one of the riches countries among communist nations. 
Those at the top got there due to being complicit in the regime's practices, self-interests, and bootlicking.  They're not all of a sudden going to have an epiphany about altruism and risk their life to save the peasants.  Furthermore, a coup would take more than just one general-- it would take a group of people all risking their lives and the lives of their families for generations to come.  Why would they take that risk when they're generals with the best lifestyles already in NK? 
I think it's about the same. Like in elementary school we knew about the slaves and Native Americans, but it wasn't really until middle school when we were shown Roots in history class that the conditions became more clear. Then of course we got even further into it in high school, although the primary focus of American history was ALWAYS the Revolutionary War. 
Same story with Francisco Franco, in Spain. Ruled from 1939 to 1975. Lots of political oppression, nationalism, women's rights violations, but the older conservatives that lived under him still seem to think he was good. 
That sounds a lot like my knowledge of reunification Germany 
There isnt a very big gap. The only difference is that NK doesnt use english loanwords, but  the way people speak in NK is no more different than the way south koreans in jeollado speak, for example 
Except those 23 million more consumers are below poverty level. So they won't have any money to spend on goods.   I mean, in the end, it could take 7-10 years for the Korean economy to stabilize.   However on the same note, we don't know how fast it could right itself as well. With the open borders and access to better technology for agriculture and technology, and with a really strong/committed working force, they could break out in 3-5 years.   I think your Civil War analogy is a bit off only because, technologically and economically, the southern states weren't in as bad of a condition as North and South Korea are right now.   North Korea, by the looks and what people are saying, are stuck in the 1970s-1980s in terms of infrastructure and technology. With a very poor economy.   It's going to be expensive to try to get them up to speed and competitive. 
I agree, I recall reading from several sources that regardless of the problems in communist East Germany, their quality of products and volume of production was better per worker than just about any other communist bloc nation. I personally believe it was due to the German culture. NK has been more completely transformed in such an entrenched fashion, I think the difficulty of orienting their population into any kind of a modern economy would be profoundly difficult. I do not believe the pre-communist NK culture had a society as modern as the pre-WWII German example. 
Yeah, it is pretty disappointing. When he took the power, I was hoping he would be more open to the international community since he lived and was educated outside. Last a few years, I rather wished his father lived longer. 
Indeed. Don't have to be poor to buy rice in bulk, in an Asian family you'll go through several kilos per week some weeks. 
Was wondering this too... I see the poverty mindset more in people who buy in small quantities because it's "cheaper" even though once for ounce it is more expensive. People used to going through financial difficulties tend to buy what they need to get by, while people who are more comfortable will spend more and pay less overall on things they are sure to use. Like how you can buy a single individual snack size of chips for like a dollar, or a large party pack size for $4 and it is clearly more than 4 times bigger.  
That's a great book.  There are a couple very short anecdotes in the middle of it that describe why people chose to leave.  One man defected when he saw a propaganda poster showing a South Korean worker, and the poster was about how workers were exploited in the South. But the worker had a fountain pen in his shirt pocket, which is an unheard of luxury item in the North.      Another one was of a soldier who got his hands on a fold-able fingernail clipper from the South.  The simplicity and smoothness of operation was utterly without equivalent in the North, and he thought that if they spent their time creating things like this to trim fingernails, it was proof positive that life was better. 
Well, it's not exactly "huge" compared to other larger countries but yes, there are a diverse and relatively abundant array of materials (which is pretty much what the DPRK currently survives off of). And yes, South Korea is currently the 11th largest economy on its own, so yes it would likely only grow after reunification.  However, it would only start to grow after it had spent a ton of money modernizing and linking the two countries' infrastructure, which again would take some time, money, and also likely involve some social unrest.  It's also unclear how China, Russia, Japan and other countries would respond to a unified Korea. China and Japan both would likely be more apprehensive of a unified Korea because it's economy and geostrategic positioning and so trade/regional tensions might worsen and hurt the reunification process. 
Also, crucially, the West Germans were very highly educated. That's one thing the Eastern Bloc did get right. Building physical capital is easy once you've already got human capital.  That sure as hell ain't the case with North Korea, especially because malnutrition as children stunts people intellectually. 
In the even of the North Korean government collapse it would be absolutely no problem to give dietary aid and raise the caloric intake of absolutely every living person within North Korea's borders. 
People at the top may live a more luxurious lifestyle, but they are also in more danger as the Kim dynasty regularly "purges" the ranks of anyone they have the slightest suspicion of. It's possible that at some point Kim Jong Un will leave the wrong person with nothing left to lose, then it's just a matter of deciding if they like their revenge hot or cold. 
My 2nd grade teacher was actually born in one. That's all she ever told us, I guess we were too young to get any real details 
The reason was politics.  FDR was elected on a "we're dissatisfied with the economy and distrustful of foreigners who terk ehr jerbs" sentiment similar to what we see in recent American politics.  The dead giveaway that they never actually thought it would make anyone safer is that they never actually bothered interning any Japanese Americans living in Hawaii, where Pearl Harbor happened, because that would have really been a hassle, and Hawaii didn't really have voters glad to see their Japanese neighbors interned they way mainland America did.   
My understanding is that the culture, wealth and education gap between North and South Korea is way more severe (now) than the gap between East and West Germany was in 1989.  FWIW, even now it's pretty easy to tell East and West Germans apart if they're above a certain age (~ 35) 
I would imagine that the reunification would be more like nation-building after a fallen dictator. SK would have a lot of help from Western powers if NK government were to collapse. It would take time, but I don't think it would harm SK's economy in the long run. 
The US has orchestrated multiple coups of foreign governments, but our leaders still condemn coups done by others. 
I have always wondered how they determined 3 generations. Like if the women don't have kids are they raped? 
That was a mind-blower, that one. NKs are taught that they are the envy of the world and everyone else has it worse off, and it's amazing when you have the individuals who find out it's not true. 
Yeah, the economic reason is the main one seen in the US as well. It's why China is also against unification as well; the refugees. People think the refugee crisis in Europe is bad now; trying to reunify Korea would be a global project. 
Yeah, at least the East Germans were well educated and had enough to eat, they just were like 2 decades behind in societal development and weren't used to personal freedom or an open society. North Koreans are neither well educated or well fed, and are close to a century behind. 
You're thinking of Iceland. Ireland was where 99 Luftballons bombed North Korea. 
I don't know how much one of those would cost, but let's highball it and say $20,000. There are four other living males of the Kim line, so that'd be $80,000 plus shipping. 
Second grade was when I recall learning about Japanese internment. The lesson was simply "this is what we did, here's various points of view about it" and we moved on. That's about how I expect it to be covered. 
I still remember that picture of the Wartberg being passed by a Mercedes or Porsche on the Autobahn after reunification.  Very iconic.   
Keep in mind China lives next door. I doubt they'd be thrilled about American GIs handing out freedom on every North Korean street corner... 
Cuba is an interesting example I hadn't considered. They're economically behind the world, but they've at least gotten materials and technical knowledge past the embargo - the digital revolution happened there. There's also a large US-Cuban population helping to tie them to the rest of the world. Integrating Cuba (into who I'm not sure) would be tough, but at least the culture gap wouldn't be absolute. NK is hard to even imagine. 
Also, the fact that east Germany had support from the then still very powerful USSR which basically subsidised them and gave them access to large amounts of foreign goods. They did the same to North Korea and, for the first few decades, North Korea was doing pretty good. After the USSR and the rest of the east block collapsed, NK basically spiraled downwards rapidly.  
except the higher resolution images on Google Earth are taken using aircraft... 
My understanding was that most of the time these family lines simply end in the concentration camp. The women are often raped, though not specifically to create a third generation. 
You're thinking of Hiroshima. Iceland was accidentally discovered by the Wehrmacht when they were retreating through the nuclear wasteland of Cambodia. 
Tried finding the pic but couldn't, would you be able to share? Sounds interesting. 
That one seems fairly easily solved, though.  The US gives huge mountains of aid to South Korea, who then pass it on to the now annexed North Korea.  Now you could argue that China wouldn't like South Korea, as an American aligned democracy, handing out freedom on ever North Korean street corner, either, but they wouldn't have a leg to stand on internationally if they  complained about that. 
From what I've read, women who are raped by guards (sometimes they enter relationships through fear or because they hope to have a better chance to survive-in my book that's still rape) are executed if they become pregnant. Children fathered by prisoners who are born in the camp usually die because the mothers are starving and can't produce enough milk. 
For those who don't know, the show got its name from the way our devices resemble black mirrors when they aren't active / with their screen(s) locked. 
I saw that as a 14 year old kid in the late 80s.    Shat me right up it was so plausible. 
The set and palette colour were very unsettling. All that grey and green and emptiness made me feel uneasy.  
There are a few jump scares, but in the context of Jacob's Ladder they don't seem cheap and they are legitimately unsettling. 
The book is like that as well. Even when she's being "sweet" you're on edge because you know she'll change in a snap. Such a haunting book. Need to see the movie. 
Eraserhead just confused the fuck out of me. I would go so far to say that I am still confused three years later.  
Talk about a movie that's hard to watch again... just because of the sense of impending dread.  You just feel greasy watching that movie. 
Ted Levine was so crazy as Buffalo Bill it really makes you wonder if it impacted his personal life. If he wasn't married at the time it must have been tough getting a date.  Who wants to date the guy who played Buffalo Bill.  
And now that guy is The Flash. What were they thinking? Giving Kevin powers like that. 
Ok I literally just said the big jump scare in The Thing was the best of all time. But I take it back. The one in The Descent is the best of all time. It was literally the climax of the movie.  
Oh man, I forgot about that movie!!! Mothman Prophecies scared the shit out of me as a teen, and then they casually add that it's based on real events? I just wanted to get that movie the fuck away from me forever. I gotta watch it again and see what I think of it now.  
The bathtub old woman is still one of the scariest things I've ever seen. That and the typewriter scene, which is one of the most clever and iconic horror movie scenes ever I reckon. 
God damn, the rape scene in that movie will never leave me. 
To be fair, I can think of at least one jump scare in that movie.  [Specifically, when the cop is hovering over the junkie's face and he wakes up](/spoiler) 
The one part of that movie that always gets me in the last session tape where the doctor asks "Where do you live, Simon?" and the response is "I live in the weak and the wounded." 35 years old making my husband check under the goddamn bed and shit... 
One of the most grusome movie deaths Ive ever seen is from Bone Tomahawk 
I don't find movies like this scary. I'm not on edge or afraid just disgusted and sad. 
I was so afraid during that movie that i honestly felt like i would die if i didn't stop watching it.  So i had to finish it the next night. 
You should absolutely check out Perfect Blue, the film that Black Swan was heavily inspired by. 
When you casually find all of your missing friend's teeth in a baggie... Yeah, love that film 
You sound like an idiot describing the premise to someone. "Oh yeah it's a monster that comes after you but they'll go after someone else if you fuck them." Huh? But it's probably my all time favorite horror movie. It matched so perfectly what I find scary about dreams. The whole thing felt like all my worst nightmares.  
I saw this movie on the last day it was in the theatre. I was the only one in there. I knew nothing about it. I just assumed the footage was real.   At the end, I was so terrified that aliens were real that I sat in the parking lot on Google for 20 minutes making sure that movie was fake.   I'm a grown ass man, and I don't scare easily (or much at all, really). To this day, I have tricked 4 of my friends into watching it with the pretense that the footage is real. 2 of my friends - also grown ass men - had nightmares.   Good times.  
I'm forever torn on the ending.  On one hand, it was powerful, bold, and *really* sticks with you.  Like, forever.  On the other hand, it's *really* sticks with you.  Like, forever. 
I really liked this movie, just saw it recently.  Great atmosphere, great period acting. 
I was skimming this thread HOPING someone would mention Signs. I have never been so terrified. I actually have chills reading the scene you mentioned because THAT was the one that took me over the damn edge. I absolutely love that movie, but hell if I'm ever going to watch it again. My family loves teasing me with it though. "Don't look in the pantry, Father...." nope nope nope nope nope!  
I was going to write this. I watched that while working an overnight and at three in the morning the disturbed feeling was super super real. That movie is eerie as fuck and way scarier than any slasher film I've seen. I really like how he starts out being portrayed as sort of socially clueless and intense but just driven for success. I sort of wrote off some of his creepy behavior as him being socially inept. As the movie went on I realized he knew *exactly* what he was doing and just didn't have empathy or care. It was a terrifying crescendo. It's one of my favorite movies that I'll only watch once. 
"Why are you doing this to us?"  "Because you were home"  *shudders* 
To be fair, he said without resorting to jumpscares and this one is pretty jumpscare heavy. Still uses them well though.  
Thats why they added these  very long "Part One" , "Part Two" blackscreens, so that we'll see ourselves in the black mirror. 
I can't bring myself to watch another episode. It is that unsettling to me. And the major reason is: I know these horrific stories are completely possible.  They don't write a frontend in visual basic to locate an ip address that's 666.553.343252.23423. They don't "zoom in and enhance". I was impressed by their accuracy.  And not only technological accuracy. Socio-political accuracy as well. I love-hate this show.  
Everyone in my theater was silent afterward.  It was very strange, but I think everyone felt heavy. 
Now Mark Zuckerberg is *everyone's* photo technician! 
Robin Williams is typically light hearted a goofy in movies, especially since he is a career comedian. They probably walked into this not knowing to expect a different kind of performance, only to learn that Robin Williams is an extremely malleable actor that is extremely talented.  I don't think people expected Robin to play such a creepy character, so they wrote it off as bad when really it's a fantastic movie. 
I've bought a cheap Jacob's ladder and I agree they are surprisingly unsettling  
I've seen Jacob's Ladder, so I feel like I should never take a hallucinogen, because all that imagery is rattling around upstairs still just setting me up for a bad trip.  
To be honest that is the only book that has made me "jump". Don't want to spoil it for anyone but there was definitely one part in the book where I was filled with hope and excitement only to be utterly terrified at the next scene.  
It was 100+ degrees the entire time they were filing it in Texas. The movie sweats. The terror is sweltering.  
That's why it's so scary.. There's seemingly no motive for the killings. They just like to kill people! 
Yes yes, Leatherface has no care about being caught or what will happen next after Sally tells the police about that messed up family.  He reacts like a child that was just trained to slaughter.   
The lack of actual gore is a testament to its genius.  
but none of the jump scares in that film feel like they were put in there just to make you jump, they feel more natural. More like "somebody kicked a door down in the corner and it startled me" vs "The camera panned around and suddenly there was a face right next to the camera and it screamed and I screamed, and everyone was screaming." 
(Serious)  Yeah, that's the closest any movie's come to switching its entire genre within a minute 
The crawling around in the airduct Jumpscare is definitely up there...but it's not cheap. You kinda expect it to come.  However, the worst part of the movie is when you know it's coming, and you can see it...  
I've always been a huge fan of the Alien movies and Alien Isolation was the first (and to date the only) game I bought on launch day. I love it.  I love everything about it. It really brings the original movie's feel and atmosphere to the gaming community and I love how every corridor, every computer, every technology is just right out of the movie.  Sadly, I haven't finished playing it, yet, in fact I didn't make it too far at all (no spoiler) but went "nope nope nope nope nooooope" the first time the xenomorph actively comes down to the playground and the real "I'm gonna screw you and your mind up real good" starts.  Still I love it! And have no regret buying it. 
I love Tilda in it. She was fucking fantastic! I got stressed watching her driving around without saying anything.   I am ambivalent about how I feel about her character though. I feel sorry for her but at the same time I feel like she demonised Kevin a lot. I'll stop here coz idk how to do a spoiler tag on mobile and I might reveal important plot points. 
To be fair, you may be thinking of one of the posters for it that does make it look like a comedy. My wifi is shit right now so I'm having trouble linking it, but it's the one where Tilda and JCR are sitting in what looks like a waiting room with the title above them in big block letters, which is a pretty common "comedy" style poster.  
I didn't know what it was about before I saw it.  First half builds anxiety with touches of eerie and possible fantastic elements, and right after that scene, everything devolves to a rush of adrenaline. I love this movie. 
Can you believe that bitch lied about which cave they were going to?  Fuck her! 
It held up pretty well. Read the book. The book adds a lot of context to what the actual events are they talk about. A lot of regular normal people saw and experienced a LOT of weird stuff right before the bridge collapsed. The book is good if you like UFO mysteries.  
I was holding my ex's hand during that part. We both jumped a bit and recoiled. He ended up snapping my wrist. I sat through the rest of the movie with a broken wrist. 
Scary and heart-breaking at the same time. This is what I want in horror movies. Scary with a story. 
When he is slowly walking up the stairs "Wendy. Let me finish. I'm not gonna hurt ya. I'm just gonna bash yer brains in". And he slides between such an eerily calm delivery to growling and back again in a way that is some of the best acting I have ever seen. 
Okay, but don't you agree that it's way too good of a film to say it resorts to cheap jump scares? And the jump scares aren't what makes the film so scary imo 
I haven't watched that movie in about 2 years but as soon as I read that line, I literally got chills running up my spine.  
Excellent point.  The blood jumping out of the petri dish is one of the most effective "jump scares" in the history of cinema, frankly.   
"*I* drew those posters."  By the way, that's the guy who voiced Roger Rabbit.  
I love the part where a man offers to drive a woman and her baby to the next gas station. The expression of the woman after we see the reflection of the station passing by in the windshield is just genius. 
Okay I've had the "making up a song about Coraline" part stuck in my head for like three days now  
I like the 80's horror movies (esp since when I was scared of any movie as a kid, my dad and I watched horror and action movies from the 80's to show me how funny they are without audio!), but I HATE movies like "The Hills have Eyes" specifically for the rape scene. I mean, c'mon. That movie was fucked up enough as it was, but adding a rape scene just disgusted me.  
It's even worse when he snaps out of it and realizes what's happening. 
Yeah literally they made a jump scare out of a door opening in that movie. That pissed me off.   Still very good at building the impending dread though. Their situation just gets worse and worse and worse.  
Wonderful movie!  I highly recommend another orphanage ghost story, The Devil's Backbone.   
There were two reactions I saw to that movie coming out into the parking lot.  One was "that was stupid " and the other was "can you walk me to my car? "   I was in the second group 
This is my favorite comment on this thread so far :D.  I don't scare easily either; went to see this movie with my sister when we were on a girls' night. We planned to spend the whole evening in the city enjoying ourselves, but when the lights came up and the credits rolled, we looked at each other, nodded, and silently went back to the car so we could drive home and barricade our house against invasion. 
I went it pretty much blind, and I'd definitely recommend people do the same. All you need to know is that it's a very, very tense movie - so be up for that. 
The best part is that Goodman's character continues to complicate even after the movie's over. The reality of the situation, what he knew and what he thought he knew about it, what he knew and what he thought he knew about his "guests," there's the reveals about his past, his actions viewed through his mind, Mary Elizabeth's mind, and the viewer's mind...  It's fuckin perfectly written, the best antagonist in a long time, and a masterclass in manipulating ironic distance 
I was on edge expecting Goodman to dunk him face-first in the acid but no, *pop* and he was gone like that. 
It also ended "openly"...and I absolutely loved it. We watch the main character go from absolutely helpless and easily killed to...a heroine of epic proportions giving her a role in future Cloverfield stories.  
I think Goodman seeming like such a kind and gentle man only contributes to how menacing he seems in the movie. 
Stephen Kings short story of 1408 scared the dogshit out of me.  It was just forty something pages.  But it was psychologically intense.   
Recently, the movie "31" came out, and I was shocked at how infrequently Richard Brake blinks during the entire thing.  He performs an entire monologue at the beginning of the film without blinking once. 
That's the part that really fucked with me.  There are actual psychopaths out there.  This could happen to anyone. 
My parents saw 'cartoon' and thought I could watch it. It wasn't until about halfway through the movie they figured out that 8 year old NothingEverWorks shouldn't be watching this and he is now crying uncontrollably because he understood it. Was traumatized for a while over the horrors of nuclear war.  
Yeah, I made the mistake to watch *Threads* first. It made *The Day After* look quite upbeat, actually. (And yes, I'm serious. *The Day After* retains some optimism, comparatively.) 
Kind of like Bryan Cranston. I spent the first few episodes of Breaking Bad wondering why Walt hasn't done anything dumb and goofy yet.  
Another one is "Final Cut". His SVU episode based on the Milgram Experiment was good too. 
WHAT IS HAPPENING? Is it flipping? Flowing? FALLING?!?!? DAMN THIS MYSTERY OBJECT 
You just sort of assume it's always sweltering in Texas, doesn't matter the time of year. 
I expected to hate the TV series. But Mads did a great job concealing the monster that his character was with a serene and confident exterior. Some of the CGI and first season "Killer of the Week" stories weren't great, but overall it was FAR too good and high concept for network television. 
That's what made Lecter scary. Not the fact that he could easily overpower most people without breaking a sweat. The fact that he *didn't need to*. The fact that, given enough time and the right environment, he could simply convince someone that it was a good idea to let him eat them. 
Yeah, that one is kind of just tying that whole scene together. You know he is gonna die, it's just up to the Alien to make its appearance at that point. 
that's because The Swintonator is a goddess among mortals 
I can't imagine what it must be like to be in her shoes. Even from an incredibly young age Kevin seemed to know what he was doing in regards to how he was around his father, to make it look like the mother was always at fault.      Imagine the mental battle of "my child hates me" and "but he's only young so I must be mad." 
It's fleshed out much better in the book. The book make you realize more why Kevin is how he is and his dynamic with his mother. I feel the movie went for the more classical mysterious monster for no reason type thing which is never the case in real life. 
On subsequent watches you'll notice that a lot of the cave creatures are visible in the cave before the big reveal. Usually only partially or for a second, so they look like normal cave fauna to the unaware. Good movie.  
And *The Innocents* is the movie version of Henry James' *The Turn of the Screw*. Such a creepy, unsettling story. 
Someone in a similar thread pointed out that Jack Nicholson doesn't blink at all during that scene, went back and watched it and got even more freaked out. Seriously creepy shit.  
Totally. That movie is so great at establishing a slow-burning sense of isolation and fear (and just a general feeling of "off-ness") so when the typewriter moment comes it's a perfect moment of true horror. Ugh, It makes me sick to think about it even now.  
Oh, yeah, of course. Its one of my absolute favourite 'slow burn' suspense movies.  I guess I'm more just pointing out that even the best suspense movies like *Se7en* will have at least one jump scare, even though it was unnecessary to the vibe of the movie, IMO.  It was the stuff you didn't see that horrified you. You had to imagine John Doe doing all these acts just based on the end result and crime scene photographs. 
From what I understand, that "dog" was acting like that because it was half wolf and in a terrified state. It was confused and scared, so it went into super quiet stealth mode. 
Palmers face just before they test is fantastic. A resigned "Oh fuck."  What's more terrifying that it's the Alien impersonating him so well it's got his goddamn mannerisms. 
Yeah. They are frightening because something unexpectedly terrifying just happened. Not because the music swelled and a cat jumped out of a closet or some shit. 
Yes jump scares aren't in and of themselves cheap, they are only cheap when a shitty director doesn't know how to build tension, so he has the characters go around a lot of corners and through a lot of doors, making you scared of the jump not the actual danger. The defibrulation scene doesn't count, because you're not expecting a jump scare, the jump scare creates the tension, rather than there being tension waiting for the jump scare.  The petri dish isn't cheap because you have this double level, of who is the alien, and will the test even work. Not just that but the tension is entirely based on plot and character development, not just "Fuck, something's gonna jump around that corner"  When I first saw the Thing it didn't even feel like a horror movie to me, because it was so well-executed I didn't sense any of the standard horror movie tropes. It just felt like a horrifying movie, not a horror movie. 
Check out Kubo and the two strings if you haven't already. Made by the same studio and has a similar animation too. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^(The aunts are also pretty creepy) 
In an interview, the guys who adapted it added the little boy so coralline wasn't just talking to herself the whole time. It made for a better movie, but the book was perfect 
It caught me off guard. No jumpscares for the entire movie then one out of nowhere.  
I know every other form looked normal but for some reason the huge guy had like no eyes and it was terrifying 
I've never felt so on edge watching a movie but absolutely enjoyed it. Perhaps one of the best recent movies out. Ending was a bit on the cheesy side but I still would recommend for others to see the movie. 
She was an awesome heroine, I love how she wasn't a helpless idiot, like so many other women in these types of films. She actually used her smarts and figured out ways out of things. 
Yes! the short story was crazy good. I was kind of disappointed with the movie adaptation though. 
That's really weird, man. Who'd be into that kind of stuff? 
Had a friend argue that it ruined it for him. That there was no motive.   I argued thats what made it horrifying. That there was no motive. Pure, unadulterated, opportunistic, random evil.  
That's not a bad thing to be traumatized about. The threat of nuclear war was serious business. 
Well, he did decide to manufacture and distribute Meth, that's pretty dumb.  
Kathy Bates seems to have really found her niche in American Horror Story. Love all her AHS characters.  
Further, he laments that he does not remember writing the book Cujo. He was drunk throughout the entire writing of it 
That first season is some of the best television horror I've ever seen. They did a great job.  
There's a line from the Hannibal TV series that simply states   "Hannibal doesn't use coercion.  He uses persuasion"   
That voice is so memorable. You can't hear it and not associate it with Bill.   I remember watching Joy Ride and immediately being like "oh well fuck that" when his voice came over the CB. 
Alien: Isolation nailed it, but you'd kind of expect it to, considering. 
Im a very nervous person,  started playing isolation twice,  had to quit both times due to frighth diarrhea.  The sound design in that game is horrifying 
I actually lost sleep after watching that movie. It's so deeply disturbing.  
It sounds like something that will intrigue me while simultaneously fucking my head up, which is sadly the kind of thing I like to read  
Yes, but she chose and planned for her daughter. Kevin was instantly regretted from the moment she had sex without contraception. She was terrified when she found out she got pregnant from it. Her entire pregnancy was a completely different experience than with her daughter. Same with the birth.  Reading the book gives so much more detail to her thoughts and feelings behind everything. I really recommend it. The movie was good, but the book just gives you so much more. 
I clearly remember the scene where the heroine is alone with a lake separating her from "something", but I thought it was the only occurrence before the ultimate selfie. 
From what I understand, that "dog" was half alien and bursting open. It was wanting to kill people, so it went into super splatter mode.  
I love the tension everyone else has too in that scene, implying some of them aren't even sure about whether or no they're the alien. 
I read an interesting theory about the end when they sip the whisky...well, they filled all the other bottles with gasoline...and the thing has no idea what gasoline tastes like so takes a big swig and the guy next to him realizes who/what is next to him.  The guy who posted it originally was much more compelling...it's been about 20 years since I saw the film and I'm not sure about the specifics.  An interesting read, though, if you look it up. 
A lot of adaptations struggle with how to handle a character's *thoughts*. Changing it to dialogue is one way, narration by the character's voice is another, but it's difficult to do right.   For example, the Hunger Games book had the chick go through a lot of indecision around Peeta, trying to figure out if she gives a shit about him or if it's all for the camera, slowly building until that one moment where there's a cannon shot and she without thinking says "Peeta!" And realizes she does care.  In the movie you get none of the indecisiveness. She's a bitch to him and then they have a couple bonding scenes and then she loves him. The same scene with the cannon shot and her being all concerned doesn't really mean anything. 
Does the ball hitting the bathroom window not count as a jump scare? 
The It that appeared in her kitchen was the scariest to me. She was like pissing herself and missing teeth and she just looked wrong. 
That film is so underrated. Hugh Jackman and Terrence Howard also give amazing performances in it. 
Bates' very next movie was Fried Green Tomatoes.  She was nothing but a sweetheart in that one.  Although she does go a little psycho in the parking lot hehe 
I think cocaine was the bigger problem while writing Cujo iirc 
I couldn't believe it was cancelled when they announced it, it had amazing reviews, just a small audience.  
If you jack the brightness way up you'll see them in the background a lot easier.  This is true in Quarantine and the Friday the 13th films as well. 
Absolutely. They caught that a brief amount in the fillings scene in the 2011 version... some of them clearly have that "How the fuck do I even know?!" look on their face (Chris Hulve sure does!)  Naules at that point looks like he's just going to die regardless, the reactions and breakdown in the psyche of all of the guys is fantastic.  "Now, I understand you gentleman have been through a lot lately... but I'd rather not spend the rest of the winter TIED TO THIS FUCKING COUCH!" 
Me too, man.. I'm so heartbroken by finding out all my goal bodies were roiders telling me all I had to do was work hard. 
His eyes changed depending on how he was interacting with reality. The reality he was facing was dependant on wether or not he was taking his medication.  
Seriously though, these guys sold that tension. if this wasn't viewed by everyone at the time as one of those cheap special effects block busters these guys would probably have gotten awards for properly showing that tension and fear from this scene alone. 
Then Tom Hardy comes along and says "i did steroids of course" Paraphrasing. 
Bobby, deh ever catch dat gorilla that busted outa da zoo and punched you in da eye? 
Do you see what happens when you FIND a STRANGER in the ALPS!? 
In a way... I'm kinda glad they didn't? It'd a cult classic. If it'd have had a blockbuster we'd have got The Thing: Reloaded and the such.  
I have serious respect for people who are open about their steroid use.   The deception and lies spread by "fake-nattys" disgusts me, though. 
individuals, maybe they would think it's odd after a couple days. But having that translate to a global understanding and acceptance is unfathomable. 
You think this is funny but there are like 10 people with bleeding noses reading this and freaking out 
Good in theory, but as a nurse most people in the hospital aren't really sneezing. My thinking is that a day care worker or elementary school teacher might notice it first. Or someone with a severe allergy to cats or something.  
There are lots of subreddits that have different kinds of questions, if the ones generally posted in /r/AskReddit aren't doing it for you.  From /r/ListOfSubreddits:    #**Discussion**  ## **General**  /r/ShowerThoughts   /r/DoesAnybodyElse    /r/changemyview    /r/crazyideas   /r/howtonotgiveafuck    /r/tipofmytongue   /r/quotes   /r/whowouldwin   /r/casualconversation    ## **Question/Answer**  /r/AskReddit   /r/AskScience   /r/askwomen   /r/askmen    /r/askhistorians   /r/whatisthisthing    /r/answers   /r/askculinary   /r/TrueAskReddit   /r/NoStupidQuestions    /r/AskSocialScience     /r/amiugly     ## **Stories**  /r/tifu   /r/nosleep   /r/talesfromtechsupport    /r/talesfromretail     /r/offmychest    /r/pettyrevenge    /r/self   /r/LetsNotMeet    /r/confession   /r/fatpeoplestories   /r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix    /r/gonewildstories (NSFW)     
I sneezed this afternoon, so we're probably good.   For now... 
That'd be good. At the end all of the soldiers put their weapons down as a sneezing man comes staggering out of the building. They weep. 
This was my first interpretation of the question as well. You've got that tickle in your nose, but your body is powerless to take care of it. Your eyes are watering, your sinuses are stinging, every breath you take leads to a tiny prickle of pain... I think we'd notice pretty quickly. 
I would realize pretty quickly because of this. With all the snow reflecting the sun in my face I'd be the savior who figures it out. 
I am right there with you. Fuckin love it. Especially when you sneeze like 5 times in succession and your eyes water and your nose just goes numb, like you didn't even have one.  
I wish! At least once a year I have a horribly painful hiccuping episode 
- Updated localization files  someone please get the reference 
Same deal here. First time I walk out on a bright day, I'd know. 
I'd say with social media and people writing about anything, it wouldn't take so long before it gets in the news. I'd say a week or 2.  I can picture a bunch of people on twitter or facebook: "Wow fantastic, I haven't sneeze in days" Then slowly they would notice each other's comments. Then some not so important blogger would write about it. Then more and more important blogs would, then celebrities would come forward. And Bam! People listen to celebrities's shit. News start talking about it and people get scared.   Studies starts around the world. 
I can just imagine telling my grandkids about the golden sneezing days of yore. 
it'd take like a week max.  sick patients that sneeze no longer sneeze.  allergy sufferers no longer sneeze.  social media connects us all easily.  it would get noticed, go viral, and it wouldn't be hard to test the results.  i think you're looking at 3-5 days for the general global community to be aware. 
I mean, there is literally people with conditions that make them sneeze constantly, if all of these people (idk how many there are) just suddenly stop, people are going to talk, not to mention tissues won't be sold, nurses around the world are bound to notice some weird shit is up. I think a week at MOST, for the civilized world to know about it.  
You guys should check webmd just in case.  For the lazy bloody nosers that don't want to, I'll spare you the trouble. It's brain cancer. 
A friend of mine has this thing that when he gets stressed his nose starts bleeding and he has to sneeze. Doesn't help with the stress. 
No this am he the copius-hiperbowl. AM good. No worry. Must leave for exkuse reason. Bi forever! 
Yeah, it would definitely be all the people with allergies first 
Well, *someone* is bound to overreact though.   *This lack of sneezing is mentioned indirectly in Revaluations! The end is upon us!* 
It's actually identical to the last season of Torchwood... But with death instead. 
I think you're lying because I can't remember the last time I sneezed. OP is clearly a rogue government scientist that has decided to tell everyone the top secret research that governments perform to maintain control of the world. 
I can't wait to see the cinematography for that.  A 10 minute long shot of Clive Owen walking with someone sneezing and everyone staring.  
Same here.  I think that's how it would work.  People with allergies would realize within a couple days, comment on it to other people, other people would start going "you know, I haven't sneezed in a while either" and word would spread until it became clear. 
How do you know that wasn't the last sneeze ever? You could have been the last person to sneeze. 
Some people are just loud sneezers, you judgmental fuck.  
Fuck that. Shoot him!!! We don't want that shit spreading!! 
I feel like Reddit would though. The only other platform I think might know sooner would be twitter 
I read this without noticing the exclamation mark.   "I wish, at least once a year, I have a horribly painful hiccuping episode. 
It's an actual observed phenomenon called photic sneezing, or Autosomal dominant Compelling Helio-Ophthalmic Outburst (ACHOO) syndrome. (I'm not making that up.) It's not well understood, but it affects 18-35% of the population and can be genetically inherited.  Source: the totally credible sources that the Wikipedia page uses. Also, my nose. 
I just keep thinking about what it'd be like trying to explain sneezing to my kids. "Daddy tell us again what it was like, in the before-time."  "Well, kids, your nose would feel kind of funny for a second, then there'd be like, a nose-explosion that you can't control, and you sometimes involuntarily made a sound like, 'achoo,' and then you just went on with your day."  "And what caused it?"  "Cats, for some people. Pollen. Too much pepper. Sexual arousal, for one guy I knew in high school." 
I couldn't help singing it to myself out loud as soon as I saw it. 
You guys don't wipe anything other than sperm and snot?  
Do people blow mucus everywhere when they sneeze? That's never happened to me. 
"Huh, that's funny, I'm *not* miserable right now. Something's not right..." 
And his time to shine would come. He would be world famous, and die surrounded by loved ones and admirers. 
TIL the Bible has a section about adjusting the value on things  
They would, but lacking the ability to sneeze, while annoying, isn't life threatening. So while they'd notice, it'd be slower, as developed countries tend to have a higher availability of care and they're likely to have more important things to worry about than lack of sneezing.  Not being able to sneeze would be odd, but when you've still got epidemics of TB and Polio, then it's pretty low down the list of things that you report to the WHO.  
Can confirm. I'm high right now and I think  this is some profound shit, man!  
I sneezed earlier today as well.. Has anyone sneezed since then?  
people terrified inside of a car while people toss boxes of kleenex and bottles of dristan at the car's front windshield.  
Conspiracy . .there is no conspiracy here.. *waves hand like a jedi* 
I've been sneezing all day because I caught a cold, but now I'm not sneezing anymore. I could get used to this whole no sneezing thing.  
yep, worst case just turn the flashlight on your phone on and point into your eyes 
That's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for 'em. 
The sun for me, and some people after they clean their ears they sneeze.  It would sound very strange trying to explain it. 
His nose bleeds when the beard requires a sacrifice. 
eh-eggs..? Why would there ever be...that's so wrong. I'm gonna go blow my nose now. 
No, you're still miserable but now it's even worse because you *can't sneeze*. You don't *lack* the symptoms or need. 
For that one moment he gets to be the guy at the beginning of a movie who wears a lab coat and gets to make press conference speeches. 
Aw, what a sweet thought. Thank you! Here's some gold. 
Its the Ferengi edition. Goes well with the Rules of Acquisition. 
I sneezed less than an hour ago. We need to set up a headquarters to monitor and lapse in sneeze reports. [6] 
Well you wouldn't know about how many people smoke weed and don't tell you, because well, they don't tell you. 
have not sneezed sense op posted, so i think we can safely say humans can no longer sneeze, confirmed here first 
The sled in the middle of the room was the jigsaw killer the whole time too. 
Hahah, I've done that too. I think what makes us look even more like fools though is when we're out in public and randomly start making faces at the sun. At least I can explain myself if I've told someone to look at the sun XD Although they don't usually believe me, so I guess I do still look like a fool lol 
we need to start /r/nosneeze as a place to post that you just sneezed. that way, if you're ever unsure, you can check the subreddit to make sure that the world is still sneezing. 
I have something very similar but it happens when I'm thinking about making a sexual advance. It's very specific, I can imagine sexy stuff and nothing happens but if I'm lying in bed and I get the idea to make a move on my wife some wire crosses and I sneeze and I hate it.  
This post would be longer but I kept getting auto-corre 
Oh God it'd just be the eternal need to sneeze, but you never could 
If everyone in the world stops sneezing, I'm pretty sure "world's foremost expert on sneezing" would have all the work he wants.  
They are both symbolic numbers. 7 is a sign of completion or fulfillment, and 40 is a sign of renewal or cleansing. There are a lot of symbolic numbers in the bible. 7, 12, 40, 3, 6, 50, 10 and others. 
Or is the past merely the future with the lights on?  ^^*~+44* 
I just sneezed. And will probably sneeze again within ten minutes. Yay, allergies! 
Did i read the word confirmed? HL3 (fingers crossed) 
the jigsaw killer was only pretending to be the handicaped killer from scary movie, he was in fact Keiser Soze.  
Wait do you have a source for this? I'm a little concerned my superpower is going to affect my future career now O.o 
Then naturally /r/nosneezecirclejerk as comedic relief from our sneeze-less judgement day.  
And then as soon as you sneeze she's like "Not tonight honey, I have a headache." 
I think this is the real answer to the thread. It'd probably take about 3 hours for the public to notice and the realization to spread that more and more people are riding the edge of glory in sneeze-limbo.  Maybe, ten minutes in the hospitals and schools for the nurses and teachers to notice every other person with a sinus affliction all complaining together that the sneezes just won't come.   This would make a weird movie.  
If Man is five, and the Devil is six, then God is seven.  
What is this from? It sounds really familiar minus the sneezing part. 
Yeah, my impression (from Bible school as a kid) is that in Middle Eastern tradition the number 40 is used kinda like how we would use "a million"... it's not a literal million, it's just a large number that we use to indicate "a lot" of something. Also kind of like the fictitious numbers we use to indicate something that's really really large, but an unspecified amount, like "a zillion" or "a bajillion".  "And then Jesus walked into the desert for like, a million days."  "Moses and the Israelites wandered in the desert for a bajillion years."   So "40 days and 40 nights" is really just "a lot of days and a lot of nights", and "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" is closer in meaning to "Ali Baba and the Fuckton of Thieves." 
That's how we'll know. People who have allergies won't sneeze. They'll be the first to know and soon the world 
Yep, Confirmed HL3, picture Lord Gabe sitting at his desk writing dialog for the game windows open listing to Born Free, all of a sudden he has a sneeze attack and sneezes all of his work on HL3 out the window. Now before you have a stroke, know this cant happen now because we are free of sneezing.   
that the strange planet ruled by apes was, in reality, the sled. 
Go to the wiki, click the first footnote link, and you'll find the synopsis for the article written on the flight risks of pilots who shows signs of being in that 18% - 35% 
And of course, the inevitable /r/nosneezecirclebroke. 
Then the inevitable post:  TIL that the body used to be able to sneeze 
Does anyone else love sneezing?  It geeks to good as a release when you finally get it 
I was Googling for Bible verses when I had to sneeze. Now you've seen it again. 
Why is the Devil afraid of God? Because God eight nine...wait 
It's probably from Monty Python and the Holy Grail, the Holy grenade part. 
I like your optimism but i still need confirmation. please gabe just say yes or no. 
don't worry /r/TrueNosneeze will bring it back to its roots 
You can also reduce the cool down time by selecting 'munchies' from the inventory tab  
No call / no show sneezes will be billed a penalty rate of 25 sniffles. And don't go thinking your insurance company is going to pony up any kleenex, that one's on you.   Literally.  
Thought you were a dude til the mascara part. Ehh, maybe you still are. 
He probably thought you were going for his cheek and missed.  
God... in middle school me and my best friend watched Scrubs all the time. We'd do a Todd high five in the hallways whenever we'd see each other, and one time the girl I had a crush on put up her hand like she wanted a five, so I smacked her hand as hard as I could and snapped... turns out she was waving to her friend behind me. I had forgotten until your comment..  
He and I could be friends. How can you pass up an empty pool cannon ball?! 
Speaking from experience, odds are he probably got hurt a lot in life. I've had people flirt with me as a joke (and I knew it was a joke because she'd rejoin her friends, point, & laugh). That kind of treatment can build up and really damage your confidence and self-esteem. 
I had exactly this happen, but it was at my place. Eventually walked her down to her car at 2am and she turned around to give me a hug, but I was standing like five feet back by the curb waving goodbye. I knew I fucked up as these things were occurring, but that didn't stop me from fucking it up. 
I've been the guy in this situation more than once... I might be an idiot... 
The only hint that is actually foolproof. Well done. 
To be honest, I'd think you were kidding unless I was your SO. It would be too awkward to walk in on you showering and be wrong.  
I think some cases is about low selfsteem right? I used to talk with a girl online every day. And one day she told me      "I love you".      And I thought "no way someone can love ME", so I asked her      "Is it a joke?"      "Yes"      And then I thought "wait what if she is serious"      "are you sure?"      "yes, it was a joke"      Now I think maybe she felt I rejected her so she just make a save. 
I don't get it, who's that Matt? (not joking....please explain) 
I'm ashamed to admit I did something very similar to the eye thing 
My wife was very direct. Fuck me if I am wrong but do you wanna fuck.  
Honestly, I would probably do this just because I hate my landlord 
I thought the dogs were in your living room for a minute and was confused. See what happens! 
Jamie: I'm gonna fuck my sister.   Avameow: Sooooo, you in the mood? 
You: *post a photo of you pet doing something silly*  Him: "Hey remember that time you let me touch your boobs?" 
She meant DnD, and was disappointed when you pulled out that weak shit 
The arm thing is too subtle tbh. It could just be you being clumsy. Yesterday a girl I was sitting next to touched my arm three times in about a minute and the first two I thought might have been on accident, but the third time I said "what's up?" And she said that it was an accident. So yeah :/ 
I am so glad I read these posts when they come up every few weeks. The other week I had friends over and a friend of a friend lingered saying she was too drunk to go home. I offered her the couch and she replied "where's your room?" All of these posts flashed through my mind as I tried to figure out if it was a hint or not.   Long story short, went for it. Got laid. Thanks, reddit!  
Sometimes Netflix and chill just means Netflix and chill... Doesn't it? ...Shit! 
I dunno man. I had a lady friend visit me in a different country while I was working abroad, share a bed with me for two weeks, and practically act like a wife with me. I told her I was into her and when I directly asked her if there was anything going on between us she said no.  
Nah, she doesn't think you're stupid. She's disappointed, but people are pretty familiar with the dangers of dipping your pen in company ink.   You're not an idiot. The opposite really. Just keep her in mind if either of you leaves the company!  
It's ok...I can literally invite my husband to get in the tub with me, and he doesn't get it. Sigh.. 
...poor girl, that's like the ultimate rejection. JFC man 
A girl in college asked me to study with her at her apt. At some point, she brought up PornHub and pulled it up on her computer. She said, "Omg! all these girls have weird nipples! Like who has nipples like that?!" I was confused af because I thought they were just normal. A few minutes later, I was like "ooh! Let me show you some of my favorite videos" She got super pissed at me and started calling me a creep. I got pretty defensive and eventually went home. Years later I realized that she was trying to show me her boobs..... 
What was he so engrossed in? Video game? Newspaper? 
You got zucced. But the only thing that got wet were your eyes.  
Fire is much more effective at keeping warmth than cuddles. That man's a keeper. 
My wife and I have worked out a code phrase, for when one of us isn't picking up on the obvious signals. We say, "Howdy partner."  It's a quote from Shanghai Noon, and it works like a charm. 
If that was me, I'd have thought you were being sincere when you said you hate the thought of ending the streak. 
also as a guy, its hard to tell to what extent that hint goes  from a simple "i think you're a cool person and we should be friends"  to a "you're pretty attractive and i wouldn't be opposed to having a relationship"  to "perform intercourse with me"  to "im being polite and keeping the party vibes up, but to be honest I am indifferent to you."  its hard man. i can barely read books  
You find her and you explain it, you dense mother fucker. I NEED CLOSURE. THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU. 
If I were in your shoes:  "No thanks. I only wank during the afternoon" 
Have you ever known a guy who assumes every girl is into him? Like a girl looks at him when trying to get around him and he thinks she was checking him out? No one wants to be that guy. 
Can't stress this point enough. Be blunt about it, we have all the time for that cute flirty hint shit when we're dating. Still remember back in the day when a girl in school I was talking to said "nah I've got you" after I asked about who she was seeing(keep in mind I wasn't thinking about any relationship). Still has me thinking wtf these years later. 
That would be my response if some girl kissed me at all even if we were the only people in the vicinity. "The light post is right there did you mean to kiss that?" 
I can just imaging that happening to JD, hilarious  
This makes me sad because it's probably exactly how I my thought process would have gone 
She needs to take the guy's advice and just be straightforward about it.  
He probably has a major boner every time Hugo Weaving shows up on screen. 
"Better not risk it, could be meant for someone else"  
Hahaha! Okay, I see your point.  Counterpoint: I'm married to this guy. And I was married to him on every occasion of the above scenario. :P 
We neeed way more context To judge this! Reddit detective here, I can't leave this case unsolved! 
What were you supposed to do? She said she wanted a closer look at the eyes. Problem, solution. 
If only you would have just pulled his dick out and started sucking it we wouldn't have to play these silly games. 
Having been in exactly that scenario in high school, I just started repeating "think unsexy thoughts" out loud over and over, it made her laugh 
Panic seems to be responsible for many of these stories going no where, but I panic too so I get it.  
I hear you. I've had bad landlords too. Unfortunately in this particular instance...our landlord was pretty great.  
I looked in replies to find out why she was adopting out her dogs.  
That's pretty solid confidence. "Yeah I could do better than that and I don't even need to prove it." 
I did this for shits and giggles to a friend's dog instagram. I sure hope that dog doesn't get the wrong idea. 
And women blame us for being oblivious. We are, but still... 
This has been Late Night Dating Tips, with Reddit, thanks for joining us. 
Yes, Netflix and chill is what I do when my husband takes the baby out for the afternoon and I'm home alone. 
And with that all my previous suspicions have evaporated. Any and every conversation I was presently considering to have had sexy ulterior motives was actually just normal friendly conversation. 
Yep, that's my husband. I've tried being coy and he picks up on it like 30% of the time. I've gotten to the point where I just say "Wanna go fuck?" rather than being coy. Works like a charm. 
*goes upstairs and turns the game on that tv instead* 
If your guy is still not getting the hint, try placing your vagina *around* his penis. With many men this may quickly result in arousal. 
Guys are also super terrified of being branded a creep for seeing bedroom-eyes where there are none. 
"What time are you coming in tomorrow?"  "Around 6. What about you?"  "I've always been here." 
That's what people I've spoken to have said, nothing more I can do anyway 
Teach a man to cuddle and he'll fuck for one night. Teach a man to fire and he'll fuck for life.  
Seriously. She said jump and he built a plane, overachiever in my mind. 
Yup yup yup, she's probably amazed at my fire building mad skillz.   Wait, she's not smiling. Why is she staring at me? Oh shit. Did I take too long to build a fire? Is the fire not big enough? Is it TOO big? That must be it. Oh nonononono. She thinks I'm a wood wasting blockhead.  I blew it. I'm never gonna get a girlfriend. Dude life sucks. I gotta go play counterstrike.  *storms out of the chair into the night...* 
Can confirm, as I'm now realizing that I was in the same scenario not long ago and chose to painstakingly gather tinder and fire making materials, start and maintain a fire, and miss every hint she dropped.   5/7 would burn shit again 
*Build fire, demonstrate worth. Perhaps then female* will *be attracted to me.*  
At least you're a go-getter. Don't beat yourself up... 
Mine and my boyfriend's code in public is, "Wanna watch Predator?" 
Yea...that's a terrible hint, tbh. That would basically be screaming to me that it was a joke and to turn around/look away/give privacy. 
Seriously. Who chose the movie? If she chose Saw, knowing the intention was sex, that's kind of alarming. 
MICHEEL HOW ABOUT I COME INSIDE FOR A CUP OF NIIIIICE, HOOOOOT COFFEE?!  *youre a wonderful man nico, tell me wonderful things!* 
"So where are you sleeping tonight?" totally sounds like she's making sure you have plans to sleep somewhere else. If a friend is drunk at your place and you want them gone before they crash there, you would ask, "So who's driving you back home?" 
Dont worry. I can mostly read books, and I havent really figured it out either. 
Seriously. Most of the times guys think "she's totoally hitting on me/giving me a sign."   But we're afraid of being wrong and looking like an ass.  
Hahaha, I have an SO now so that's a ship long sailed...I also wouldn't know how to find her if I wanted to. Last I heard from our mutual friend, she went to Asia to teach English. 
Yeah, she could have made a move. Just enjoying someones company is not a clear mating signal. 
"So she's sucking my dick and I'm here thinking, 'Does she like me, or...'" 
He didn't know he could do it doggy style so you could both watch X-Files 
My first time I swear the entire time up until we were actually fucking, and I mean up until I was balls deep I doubted she wanted to actually have sex and thought it was just some joke and she would stop joking before I did. Welp, neither stopped joking for 3 years after that.  
I used to have bad landlords. I still do, but I used to, too. 
Or it sounds like he interpreted it as previous boyfriends couldn't last more than two minutes into *Aliens*, the filthy casuals. 
I dunno... I've seen the movie Carrie. People be evil. 
I hate that. Or when you're deep in thought, staring into space and you realize that you are looking right at some girl and it's awkward 
We have a code now. "Want to take a nap?" The problem now with two kids, one a newborn, is I'm never quite sure if we are going to sleep or have sex until we get to the bedroom. Usually we have a nap and then have a nap. 
Ffs. I got all excited reading all these comments thinking I would act the next time something happend. It just took this one post for me to completely lose confidence.  
Every time I say "nope, no way she's actually hitting on me", I think back to the days when I would take advantage of the slightest hints and end up embarrassed and rejected. 
This exactly. Girls are still under the impression that the guy is just supposed to "act" on his urges and make a move. I've always been worried that I will cross some line that I didn't see thinking I was getting "make a move" signals.   Girls, if you want to give signals do something physical like touching his hand or taking his arm. We will 100% get the signal if it's physical rather than verbal. 
I think that's for the best. He needs supervision. 
But what if you're not good looking but can build an amazing fire?! 
The counterstrike part hit me in the feelz, back In the dial up days.... I had my neighborhood friend that I always hung out with. Always super weird flirty type shit.... I missed 100% of the hints growing up over the years with her sitting next to me while I pwned noobs. Then one night she attacked me forced me out of my chair we had some fun and the next day she said it was a mistake, we haven't talked since, that was about 12 years ago.... 10/10 still play counter strike to this day, my true love.  
I knew my LV. 99 fire making skill would one day come in handy   [EDIT]: and then you can wrap her in your skill cape to keep warm   [EDIT2]: wow, first time getting gold, thanks.  May Saradomin forever guide your path:) 
Ok so I think I've understood the "kiss me eyes" finally. When I feel awkward that they are staring at me I should kiss them  
Me and my girlfriends code is "Wanna go to the garage?" Because the first night in my bedroom she said, "So this is your bedroom?" And I said, "No this is my garage." 
As a military man, most of my 0300 coffees don't mean sex.  They sure feel like it though. 
That or it's just a really fucking weird question.  All these responses, why the fuck don't they just go "hey wanna fuck?" 
Yea it was probably pretty dark in the room. maybe she couldnt see him.  
Look at you, Mr. Fancy Pants. I saw a book once. I've never even been close to figuring it out as well.  
I don't think he was the one missing the hint there 
"She's probably just being nice, probably feels bad for me or something. It doesn't mean anything." 
You're 100% sure he got the hint? Some of these comments are making me wonder if that was enough. 
"Wow she's putting a condom on me, her commitment to a bit would make Don Rickles proud!"  
Good scenario: the girl's into you and you have a date to prom.   Better scenario: a bucket of pig's blood drops onto you and you develop psychic powers.  Win win. 
Oh god this is too familiar. You space out and come back to the wtf look.  
...guilty of this. When in doubt, I default to this. 
Well, yesterday I told a good guy friend of mine that I wanted to have sex with him. Just straight out. He was really surprised but hey, guess who got laid today? 
Mate you don't kiss the eyes. You're not ready for this at all. 
Healthcare worker. Coffee time is literally anytime.  
I was born illiterate. I hadn't seen the printed word until I was already a man! 
Yeah you really cant tell in this situation. Shes probably just canadain and beig polite.  
Sex happened so either he got the hint or just said "fuck it" and decided since the kids were outside and we were in the bedroom, why the hell not? Haha 
Well, from what I learned from others, it may have backfired more on her than on me. After I rejected her she got back with her boyfriend, and they dated for a few years. I'm not sure if they were together when he was arrested. She and her best friend stopped talking at this time too. I don't know if it had anything to do with me. I never told anyone about this incident. My thinking was that it was better that I lose my chance with her best friend than jeopardize their decade long friendship by trying to defend myself. There were plenty of other girls out there.   
Or "there's no way she's serious. Clearly she's joking and if I respond genuinely she'll think I'm creepy." 
She's probably just sucking my dick so she doesn't have to tell me what a loser I am. 
Married, with kids, pulled to bedroom by dick where you guys then have sex.  "But is she *really* into me? I just can't tell!" 
Be the change you want to see.    *raises arms above head and whirls tongue* 
Something VERY similar happened to me when I was a nanny. I dove over the island in the kitchen to slam my laptop shut to prevent kids from snooping. I then password protected my laptop.  
After my little girl's mum and I split up and I had her most of the time, being an apprentice with stupid amounts of bills I'd only normally cook dinner for my little girl (then 2) and I'd eat what she didn't. One night we had chicken bits I think? And I had a few and after I'd finish mine I looked at her eating hers and smiled at her, and she put some of hers onto my plate. I said " no you eat them" and she insisted. "You sure little bug?" (what I call her) and she said " yes! You are my daddy!!"  I almost cried. Makes my heart melt 
I watched my own vasectomy, it was interesting.  I was more concerned about the nurse...who I  went to high school with and hadn't seen since. It was a bit awkward.  
My MIL passed away suddenly a few years back and I ended up being the one to go through her things for donations because my husband and SIL were too emotional. I found 2 whole drawers of sex toys and homemade porn that went straight into a trash bag and into the dumpster. Never told my husband.    
It amazes me how often people forward an email without checking the chain first. We've lost customers before because someone sent them an email not realising it'd been internal for a while and had all sorts of 'not for external consumption' content.  Once it was just pricing information that showed we were charging a big margin on work for them, another time is was a straight insult.  As the IT manager I get those questions like "can we stop it?" with such desperation in their eyes I feel bad telling them it's too late. 
At first I thought they were just super chill and open about this whole thing. Like I imagined it was 10am and you were helping a customer find some Code Geass manga and they just wanted everyone to check out their work.  
lol when my dad was in the US Army in the 60s he was stationed in Germany for a year and on more than one occasion they'd load up a missile in to the back of his truck and he'd drive it by himself to another part of the Country. All he had was a sidearm. I think security was really lax back then.  Fun fact, he learned to drive in Germany in the US Army. Didn't have a drivers license or anything. They just handed him keys and he started driving around. He was irritated when he eventually got back to the States after a few years deployed and had to take the drivers test. 
When I read this, I thought of a chemistry teacher for some reason, didn't realize it was alcohol until I read the thread.  
i have never understood how you get a woman to fuck in the back of a van(excluding that pair in california). 
So I'm assuming as an 8 or 9 year old, you didn't know it was weed.. so when did you figure it out exactly?  *15 years later, in bed sleeping...*  You: . . .  You: . . .  You: . . *WAKES UP* IT WAS POT 
She could have been saying "it would fucking suck if I framed you as a serial cheater" 
When I was, I don't know, 6? I awoke to my mother trying to sneak a few dollars under my pillow. I then realized the tooth fairy was fake. I got SO MAD at her. I think I said "You've been lying to me for my whole life!" and didn't speak to her for a whole day.   Still believed in Santa though. Of course he was real!    
Please tell me that they are on different sides of the family 
"Damnit Britney, your sex doll cost us *another* sale! 
You and your friend were going to take a dump together. Damn. Friendship goals. 
You know, my first thought is they were smoking pot or doing lines or something, or even simply sneaking cigarettes. Seems way more plausible she would risk doing drugs/smoking with a friend -which presumably all the adults there would be cool with and merely hiding it from the kiddos- than two adults fucking with their spouses and children all downstairs *and* you not overhearing a single moan or grunt.  Not calling you a liar or anything, just thinking from our adult perspective. There's more grown ups do in secret than bone. 
Sex in the outdoors is awesome, just don't forget the blanket. 
I saw my dads successful hanging at three years old. That shit screws you up for life 
He wanted you to find it, so you could get a raise. What a bro! 
I found my mom's vibrator as a kid. She told me it was a neck massager. I still cringe everytime I remember this memory.   Btw, worst neck massager ever.  
My parents never allowed me to watch Ed Edd and Eddy. They said bad words like "stupid". 
14 is a very specific number.  No more, no less? Exactly 14?   I have to wonder, how did she establish that it was 14.  Did he admit to 14, which would make the number suspicious.  Or did she find credit card evidence of 14 transactions at 'Happy Hands Massage Studio.'  Or what?    Wow, I'm way too curious.  I'm sorry you had to see those notes.  
Similar story: once I came home late at night when everyone else was asleep. My cat was sitting on the chair on the porch and there were about 5 or 6 strange cats sitting in the porch or the steps, all facing him. I watched for a moment and they seemed totally relaxed, all sitting with neutral body language. I took a step forward, they heard me and scattered in an instant, and my cat calmly asked to be let inside.   He was fat, irritable, and a badass killer. I from then on assumed him to be some sort of cat mafioso. Happened in NJ btw.  
I have a similar experience where my mom refused to admit that Santa wasn't real. She had made the "To:" and "From:" labels on her computer to avoid us comparing "Santa's" handwriting to hers, but she accidentally left the program up when we came down the next morning. She insisted that Santa had used her computer.  
Man...I remember emptying my mom's purse out on her bed one time when I was a kid, and some condoms fell out. I'm being inquisitive, asking her what they are, I probably opened one? idk. Anyways, she claims they're balloons. And blows one up and ties it off. And that's how I got a balloon one summer day. 
I smoke cigarettes and it seems like the two coolest things in this thread were seen while people were having a light, but the coolest thing I've seen while smoking was two hobos fighting 
That's when you show him some nudes of your girlfriend so it won't be awkward 
Well, thanks for giving all of us that mental image, I guess 
Dude, same here. I was too young to know just how low that number was but I knew it wasn't much. Thinking back, I have no idea how they fed and clothed three kids with that. Oh wait, I do. It's called credit card debt.  
This reminded me of the time I pulled off some mission impossible level shit (at least to teenage me) with my dad.  I put the slightest amount of some face cream I found in the bathroom -- not oily, but left the faintest residue -- on the TV remote buttons, and got him to put in his pin # to unlock his blocked channels on the cable box for me.  I could see his fingerprints on the buttons and later while unsupervised, used that to figure out his code. 
You are not alone. I found out at the age of 20. My mom had started working night shift. My dad would be on his phone constantly, one night he came home and talked to someone all the way through dinner. I don't know if he thought I couldn't hear his headphones or what.   One evening I went to use my parents bathroom and saw my dads phone open to a message. It said something along the lines of "I miss you so much" but wasn't my moms name.   I'm the one who had to tell my mom. Had to hold her has she cried and had to face my dad when he came home. I thought he was going to hit me. I locked myself in my room for days. Only to come out when he was at work.   They stayed together... I never had the same relationship with my father. Went to therapy for months.  
Similarly, Chris Pratt placed an order with us and i have his gmail address. i actually had looked the order up when i was investigating fraudulent purchases. People put in fake names sometimes. Sure enough, the address the package was going to was some huge mansion place so i deemed it not fraud.   The email address is actually kind of funny, I'm sure he made it himself. No, I won't give it to any of you so don't ask.    
That's some Jason Bourne level shit for a middle schooler. 
To think bank robbers in movies lay these really elaborate plans to get into vaults, and then it turns out they could just go in early and see the combination for themselves 
That sounds exactly how my mom died.   Staring up still me, then looking up beyond me, focused on something that only she could see.   And then, the life left her and I could see that...like a light turning off. 
For some reason I absolutely think Ted Kennedy was f'ing with your teacher...totally a planned joke to freak out your teacher... I grew up with a very Irish Dad..the bullshit never ends 
Usually? So this was a habitual thing, and you didn't make a point to avoid it? 
We need a follow up. Does your mother know it happened? 
I looked it up. It wants me to confirm my city, with the only option being Detroit. Then it asks for my email. No explanation or details are given. I'm too scared to proceed any further. 
this one's kinda cute and not completely horrible compared to the others in this thread.  the same thing happened to me when I woke up when my dad was putting coins under my pillowcase and taking the teeth for the tooth fairy away. 
When locals in Mexico tell you a place is dangerous, you BETTER fucking listen to them! 
Who has sex in their parents house with an unlocked door?!?! That's protocol number 1 for sex in the folks house rookie!!!!!! 
Nowadays you can just search on Goggle for nip slips. 
For the sake of my own sanity I'm choosing not to believe this. 
Hahahaha that's fantastic. Teach you to accelerate your child learning!  
Just curious. Did he actually ever mention anything like that to you or was this entirely something rabdom you decided to say? 
dicks are dicks, but the porn u end up at towards the end of a session... thats private! 
One thing I've learned is if it were socially acceptable, a large percentage of woman would prefer to be naked pretty much all the time.  They probably would too if it weren't for all us men trying to mate with them. 
as someone who for several years could only afford to heat my house when my daughter stayed over, I know how awful it can be. Hope things are better for you, I'm lucky enough to be alright financially now 
My mom was helping her BFF and BFF's husband move, and when she lifted the mattress off the bed frame there was a small box labelled with my mom's name. She had never seen this box before, so she went and asked BFF about it.  Apparently BFF and her husband had started "spicing things up" in the bedroom. The box in question was filled with sex toys, and they labelled it with my mom's name just in case something happened to the two of them; if their parents or children had to go through their things, they'd think the sex toys belonged to my mom.  And now my (single, early 50s) mother has a cardboard box in her closet labelled with BFF's name. 
Because he knew how to *keep his fucking mouth shut*, capisce? 
The peasant! *At the diner...*  He didn't pay his check. 
I'd guess it was trees. Possibly a makeshift arboretum of sorts...  
I don't think I was. She had a good 30 years on me, and never implied anything before or after. 
Yeah honestly I'm rooting for Team Dad here. I feel like it's a team effort in making sure he gets that nut. 
Or she was inviting him to dinner at Chuck N' Ducks 
My best friend in my early twenties married his cousin. 
"I taught gym back in the day. There were these two students in my class who were really strange and never left each other's side.   One day, I was taking my lunch break (generally had to eat and shower at the same time because I don't have much of a break) when the weirdos come walking in together. They looked up to no good (they were about to head into the same stall), and it was especially odd because there were no gym classes during this period. I told them they weren't supposed to be there, and they got wide-eyed like I caught them doing something they shouldn't be and ran away." 
Yep, at family parties I regularly go up to my bathroom to smoke a bowl with various family members / friends. So if going into the bathroom with someone implies we fucked then I am one incestual whore of a man.  
Damn, I'm very sorry that you had to witness that.  I morbidly think of how different/better/worse life would have been had she succeeded. My own mentality aside, if it weren't for her, I would have never come to America, but because of her she has single-handedly ruined my (half)brother's childhood, and in a way I basically had to raise a kid at 12 years old while keeping her bat-shit crazy ass away from him as much as I could.   Families are fucking weird man haha. 
It's like when Daryl gets Michael to ask for a raise cuz they make almost the same amount  
Did your parents also have to check parental reviews online before you watched anything?  Yeah, I got made fun of a lot for that. 
Veteran here. VA mails me pills in an opaque ziploc bag with adhesive instead of the zip mechanism. No padding, easily tearable (thats how you open it), and is just loose bottles of pills shaking around inside. 
When I was a PA I used to get sent spreadsheets from everywhere from my Manager which I then had to send out to the wider team. I always checked for hidden columns but also learned about hidden tabs.   One time I almost sent out a spreadsheet to the wider team which had performance feedback per person and their ratings from their Manager and their peers. All this information was in a hidden tab. That could have been so damn messy. Silly HR. 
Haha. That reminds me of my brother who almost did the same. He found a pack of condoms in my dad's old jacket(coincidentally he was looking for chewing gum too) and he started blowing or filling them with water. When my mom came home he started asking why would they hide balloons from him. 
Honest to God, this happened once to a cousin years ago. My grandmother sold her home after my grandfather died, and my father, while helping clean out the place, made that joke to said cousin. Well, the cousin took it seriously and was found chewing a condom later. 
"Hey, your daughter makes that same face! Lemme see if I have a pic..." 
Yep! That is basically what happened to me except he pulled up the wrong folder on his computer so it was a lot of pics. It wasn't like it was a normal nude either. It was pretty raunchy pics too. She is a great lady and I tried not to think differently of her, but just will never get that image out of my head. She is very attractive so I guess that's a plus at least.   
Shit man there are some days when I wonder how I'm able to feed and clothe myself 
you're not the only one. i found one written by my sibling from when they were very young. still really messes me up. i hope things are alright with you and your family, solidarity and all that  
OP saw a brush pass rather than a dead drop. Still, you're correct, in that people are not in the same place at the same time with a dead drop.  
I did something similar as a kid with an iPod touch. I wiped the screen clean before handing it over and could see the general directions their fingers were going but not the screen. When I got it back I could see the fingerprints and got the password in a couple tries. Felt like such a badass at the time, haha. 
I think highly technical parents is what breeds hackers. "Oh you gave me an account with limited domain rights and a web filter? Let's see how we can get around that." 
Though I'm Australian I was born on Papua New Guinea. A little while ago I couldn't find my birth certificate anywhere so I rang the hospital in PNG where I was born and gave them my name and DOB and my parents name.   With little fuss I was just told to wire them $70 and they'd send me a copy. I then realised how easy it would be for me to steal someone else's identity either living or dead.  
We had the same friend group so it got passed on to them pretty quickly that I saw them. Those friends had my back and also stopped hanging out with them, which was nice. 
They usually don't realize it when you are hiding in a bush. 
I don't know if she knows, but everyone is still married so I suppose she don't know. For all I know I'm the only one who knows what happened that night since its not unlikely they where all blackout drunk. 
I believe the F-117 was responsible for a number of UFO reports before the government acknowledged its existence.  
Personally speaking, I was never to have my bedroom door closed growing up unless I was changing. Didn't matter what age I was. My mom threatened to remove the door when I wanted peace and quiet once and I had it closed. I actually live with my future in-laws currently and at first it weirded me out, because they give us *all* the privacy and don't bug us for shit. They don't come to our room whatsoever. We could probably die in there and they'd have no idea until our bodies started smelling. 
He's not wrong though!  Edit : I mean he isn't wrong about sex being natural, not hugging your grandson with your dick that was just pulled out of your grandma... There... 
No kidding. There are so many logs generated for that. If it ever comes out, it is going to be pretty easy to find out it was you. 
That's sociopathic. I couldn't handle an affair to begin with, you have to be mentally fucked up to manage basically 3 families plus girlfriends.  I knew a guy kind of like this, family friends. They had a normal life, big house in the OC, 2 kids, etc. Their life blew up 4-5 years back because he had another house and 6 kids with a woman 50 miles away. How the fuck... 
Yeah I'd rather anyone I know see me naked than have them know some of the shit I've gotten off to in weird moments.  
I've been the same for the past 4 years, I only put the heat on when she was with me, which isnt that often. For the past few weeks I haven't heard from her. I called her mother and she says "she doesn't want to go to your house to be cold and bored anymore".  
Holy crap, I would have done the same thing in your situation... ugh 
...and do you want to know something else?? I never liked your spinach puffs! *NEVER!* 
I'll do you one better.   A friend of mine and his wife MET at a family reunion. Cousins. Same last name. Everything.   I think they are at least 3rd or 4th cousins. But woah.  
I'm sorry this has happened to either of you. I can't imagine what walking in on any of that would be like. 
Haha he told Michael to ask for raise because Darryl himself asked Michael for a raise at which point he'd make more than Michael. One of my favorite episodes. 
What do you mean by hidden tab? A hidden sheet in the spreadsheet?? 
I found my mothers dildo and thought it was a big finger. Ran around the house screaming at people and pointing my "big finger" at them.  
"No, sorry, that's your wife again... hang on... I have your daughter here too." 
to be fair, kids don't get that spoiled on their own 
Thanks for saying that. I hope your sibling has recovered? My mother ended up pretty unhappy the rest of her life, unfortunately. She died ten years ago and I think she really wanted to go. If nothing else, I tried to not make the same mistakes with my kids as she did with me.  
In which case more power to them.  It's like a red team/blue team but at home.  I expect responsible disclosure though no telling your brother/sister until 30 days after you've told me how you did it. 
lol that's funny! What's your birthday again? I dont wan't to miss the party. And are your parents going to be there? I always loved your parents names but for some reason I'm forgetting. And weren't you born in a hospital with some cooky name?? Good catching up with you!!...... what's your name again? 
That is currently happening to my friend group we cut all contact with them   
I will do this, too. I don't even know what a wombat is, but I'm sure as hell gonna persist in saying that those fuckers ate my salad. 
Of course I don't think your family is full of savages, /u/Adolf-____-Hitler 
Same for all secret aircrafts, its why UFO sightings change through the years. 
I used to fight with my parents about this but they eventually let me have my way. The issue wasn't so much that I was trying to hide anything... it was more just that they were loud as hell and I needed to close the door to be able to hear myself think.  
Yeah that stuff is stored in like 9 different places. If he used the email in his browser you can even find the cached page of that email.  
Yeh surely the mother could sue him or something . What did the divorce give the mother ? 
Seriously.  How does one have the energy to do that?  Much less the time and money.  One kid is kicking my ass. 
I wonder what story they tell new friends and coworkers about how each met their spouse. 
"what are you doing?"  "I'm declining to speak first"   
Yeah, right click where the tabs/sheets are at the bottom of an Excel document.  If "Unhide" is selectable, it means there are hidden sheets in the document. 
Counterpoint, both my male cats are probably the best cats in the neighborhood. Everytime I get home there are multiple different female cats on my lawn waiting for me to let them go out. They are neutered though, so I guess they are just looking for a fling with my boys. 
"Whoops, that's your mom! Fiesty ol' gal, but not what we're lookin' for!" 
"I write secret messages on dicks, half in regular ink and half in permanent marker. It's for the CIA" 
Good to hear at least some examples of a group of friends doing this. 
Only the most adorable fat fucks to ever waddle the Earth. 
Yet the reports of anal probing stay remarkably consistent.  
This seems like a pretty clear case for alimony. The money and mistresses probably came out in the divorce lawsuit.   
"Met at a party" is incredibly accurate and easy to remember.  
And then there's the "very hidden" tabs you can only access by changing their property in the VBA editor.. 
"Isn't it amazing how similar they are from behind?" 
Woah, shit, you've got a keen memory. That was like 2 years ago. But yes, it was some dumb nazi death threat picture that I reverse image searched and found his Facebook from. Back in the good ol' days.  
i think it would be harder to explain why they're smiling as if for a photoshoot while being double penatrated.  
Special effects existed before Photoshop. A lot of the things you can do in photoshop have manual, physical analogues in film effects. 
I saved it so I can stat it up and use it in dungeons and dragons. 
Looks like it could be a cool drone or dark ambient album. 
It's real. Big farma doesn't want you to know how stackable animals are. #wakeup 
Yeah, the War of the Unicorn and Cat were dark times.... 
If someone would do this so I can add this to my ridiculous world leaders photoshop wallpaper collection, I would love it.  
Holy shit I've seen this picture many times but never realized it was the same guy  
Uhhhh, link anyone?  My Drunken Fist has met its match in Google-fu. 
Either that or there are 99 more duck size horse behind that ridge. 
Nah obama isnt a dead pig so Cameron wouldn't want any of that  
There's another one that was even more popular. Like a day after 9/11, every one was showing an image of the towers with smoke billowing out of it that had a photoshopped "demon" face in it. People went crazy over it.  
They could just figure its a hat. Look what costume and makeup departments do for movies. Thats totally something you could do with practical effects.  
Humans. Guns. Bird. Shit. My grandmother used to tell me stories about the old days, a time of peace when Jesus kept balance between the birds and the humans. But that all changed when the humans attacked. Only The Bird mastered the black gun. Only he could stop the ruthless humans. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years have passed and the humans are nearing victory in the War. Two years ago, my father and the birds of my tribe journeyed to Asia to help fight against the humans, leaving me and my brother to look after our tribe. Some people believe that The Bird was never reborn, and that the cycle is broken. But I haven't lost hope. I still believe that somehow, The Bird will return to save the world. 
I didn't know Germans crushed watermelons between their thighs in their spare time. 
SKRREEEEEEEE!! DONT LET YOURSELF BE KNOWN SQUAAAWWWWW 
It could be, Photoshop back in the early 1500's was called paint. 
Most of the top posts would be easy to explain without any knowledge of photo editing.  Taxidermy would explain all the weird animals. Makeup and perspective tricks could explain a lot of the others. The Biden waifu thing would be weird I guess, though it would just make people think he's a weirdo who really likes anime character cardboard cutouts more than actually being unexplainable. 
Notice how Nico and Maki aren't creeped out.  Maki is just chill about it, but Nico wants more attention.  
Theres a collection of photos of this strange man. Its called "art" 
Literal dodge and burn too, to blend edges and to counteract the the dimness on one side of an oblique projection. 
Me neither. The way the haircut looks different from every angle threw me off.  
Huh didn't know that was photoshopped I just thought it was confirmation bias or pareidolia. 
Yeah, this actually seems like the easiest to explain out of all the current top comments. 
For basic stuff like what coasterman posted (the uncle thing) that can be learnt in a day or less.  
Photographers hate him! find out his quick 10$ method to getting photos! 
WE MUST BRING DOWN ALL THAT IS NOT BIRD SCRAWWWWWW 
EMOTE: SCRAWWWWWW! YOUR PUNY HUMAN IMAGININGS CANNOT CONCEIVE THE GLORY THAT I, BEING A TOTALLY ORGANIC AND DEFINITELY NON-SYNTHETIC BIRDMAN, ENCOMPASS IN MY DAILY AEROBATICS IN THE UPPER ATMOSPHERE. BAWWWK.    P.S. SCREEEEEEEEEEE! IT OCCURS TO THIS COMPLETELY NON-ROBOTIC AVIAN SPECIMEN THAT YOUR PONDERINGS WOULD NOT BE OUT OF PLACE ON /U/SHOWERTHOUGHTS. 
Leonardo Da Vinci created photoshop, after becoming frustrated with MSPaint. 
Semi-related: About 13 years ago one of my cousins was here, and we were just screwing around while I burned a CD on my PC... The disk finished and like usual, it was corrupted (That PC had a bad habit of doing that)  So I bent the CD in half as a joke. He kept telling me "It's going to break" over and over. I managed to make both ends touch when all of a sudden it EXPLODED. A piece lodged itself in his forehead (Not very deep) and pieces were ALL OVER MY ROOM.   Despite the fact its been 13 years, I just recently (About 5 or 6 months ago) found another piece of that fucking disk in my room. 
As in did I do it just for my reddit post? Nope. It's been there for years.  
It's funny how people don't know (or forget) that Photoshop and its tools have the names they have *because* it's supposed to be a digital photo shop.  The same way Avid Media Composer (and Premiere to a lesser extent) and its tools we made to mimic/emulate a physical film editing bay. *cut, splice, split...*  (same goes with almost any other digitized process, cut, copy and paste anyone?)  
**Casualties:** *10,000 rounds of ammunition, dignity*  My sides 
GARGLE THE BIRDIES STAND NO CHANCE AGAINST POINTY STICK OF BIRD DEATH GAR 
I think Joe Biden must be a senpai, because I'm still waiting for him to notice me.  
That's not photoshopped, that's just Michael Fossum when it's not a full moon. 
Your point exactly. It's all because of when these programs launched, they were targeted for that industry. Using their terminology only makes sense.   But now the history and context behind the terms is long gone for most. I remember when I was first learning avid in school, a foreign kid just couldn't understand why the terms were splice/ cut. While everyone else didn't even notice and assumed it was called those just because. 
The way that the mirror closes the loop is *immensely* satisfying. 
"On the plus side, Meredith's official report noted that his men had suffered no casualties." 
CAW CAW THE ALL FATHER WILL COME FOR YOU ALL CAWCAW 
We spell it like drawer in the US. Also, he's asking you if you're from Boston(in an exaggerated Boston accent) because they don't pronounce their 'r's.  
I saw a youtube video that I unfortunately cant find right now of an old graphic design artist showing how he used to make ads and such by hand. It was incredibly painstaking. Really interesting to see the techniques they used, and how much time it would cost you to just adjust the kerning or something. He was cutting and gluing letters and shit. 
Rewind and fast forward are particularly resilient. Even though DVD and CDs took over the tape media almost twenty years ago.   Though, I did just rew~~m~~ind a VHS cassette last night.  
First one-   &gt;"Not sure what you're talking about, need 40,000 examples."   Second -     &gt;Really good photoshop of Emma Stone's head on a body showing boobs    Third -     &gt;"I was thinking more the really bad ones, like this. [Picture of random low res doggy style with Sandra Bullock's higher res and oversized head photoshopped on.]    This likely isn't perfectly accurate, I just typed it from memory.   
This would add another dimension to the character of Piggy 
I think that rock took one of those dimensions away from him 
If he says humbled twice in the same sentence, you have to snort it off a buddy's cock 
You could be drinking watered down hard lemonades and this game would still kill you.  
I'm preemptively cringing at the thought of him doing this.  
Whenever Trump says something you agree with, drink.  It's only as dangerous as the rules make it. 
And instead of Simba, Joe Biden comes back in several years and fights Trump atop the burning White House.  
If you watched the RNC acceptance speech that's actually what he did. No idea if he actually wrote it or not, but if you want a preview go look it up, it was not the same as one of his rally speeches at all.  Also a pitcher of beer isn't very much, it's like 3 and a half beers. I thought we were trying to get drunk here? 
I have been doing thaqw scnce the ellctionnn...  Me poore livverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
For glorious orator, how do we know what's tangent and what's speech?  
he uses the word "very" more than an elementary schooler who hasn't learned enough adjectives 
Also pro tip: if you're underage, we all know that's never stopped you before. Knock yourself out.  
Or, if you can and want to, peacefully protest. A lot of cities will have small rallies and gatherings.  
Don't worry, you won't have to be concerned with money after drinking that much. 
Of all of these ideas, this one might be the fastest way to die. 
Hey makes it sound like he's saying vagina without the va. 
If they ask why you're stealing all the liquor, just tell them Kanye is Trump's running mate. They'll join in. 
Should do it with the requirement doubling every time, and that would still barely ward off alcohol poisoning. 
I think we've found the issue: His lexicon contains so few words that no matter what word(s) we decide to drink to, he'll almost certainly use them so frequently that there's a real likelihood we end up with alcohol poisoning.  
LOL. How'd I forget that one! Yuuuge mistake... my bad. 
You misunderstood. He's actually the best at dodging military service. That's what that meant.  
"I'm Donald Trump"  (Weird_Fiches thinks about it, not sure he agrees) 
"Barack? Barack, wake up. we gotta go home. Barack?" 
Oh, no, it will still be in Trumpisms. It will definitely not be as eloquent. Believe me, I know. 
He's not an idiot. He knows his rally audience very well, and he knows who is watching what when he speaks.  
**A reply from Daddy Don:** "That's a tremendous question, very very tremendous. There's a lot of questions like that, and you know, I get a lot of the, but only the best, only the best of the best and the best ones are always the ones I remember, I remember this one friend, Paul, and Paul was a great guy, great great guy, really an amazing guy. He told me Donald, he told me Donald, you're by far the best candidate to be president, no doubt, you're the best candidate of all of them. And you know, it's something I realized then, you know, he was right. Tremendous guy." 
While the ruleset I've included might get you pretty hammered, this would kill even Andre the Giant. 
Fake News: Every time Trump criticizes major news outlet (e.g. CNN, NBC) as fake news because they wrote something he didn't like, take a shot.  Orange Russian: If Trump mentions Russia take a shot. If he mentions Putin, take two shots. If Putin suddenly walks onstage, finish the bottle. 
You know there's a lot of research and complicated, very complicated stuff that goes on in the cyber, because it's made by very smart people. Some people once told me that China was the one that made it, but I look at them in the eyes and always tell them: "We're American, you can't fool us." Folks, we're at war, we are, we are, we're at war everywhere and there's people dying instead of being safe here with us, and having a tremendous time. Let me tell all of you something, I'm going to change all of it, I'll change things so much you wouldn't even believe, because I win, I win all the time. 
He uses it more than a valley girl with "like" and "literally."  No offense to valley girls, I am one.  
You think he calls his wing dang doodle his Trump Tower?   
Can I get a small loan of 1 million bottles of tequila? 
I will be bothered, how realistic all of those looked and the power of photoshop. Talented and amazing but now I'm scared and scarred. 
I was going to say, that this wouldn't work in the reddest states. Then I remembered that Kanye is black. 
If two of those are together, the penalty is added then squared. All three, and you drink the whole thing. 
A word cloud of Trump's inaugural address compared to any other inaugural address would be interesting. It would be like comparing Dr. Seuss' vocabulary to Charles Dickens'. 
u/TheMalteseSailor forgetting catchphrases and utterly failing. Sad! 
It's like Head-in-a-Jar Nixon, only much more terrifying. 
It's okay, we can use it for 2024.   Next election of course **has** to be "2020: Hindsight". 
"I am the President of the United States"    *mournful sipping* 
This made me tear up. God I hate the feels I get from that part of the movie 
Funny enough, right now the odds on him saying "Fake News" are 10-1 against it. I put $20 on yes just for fun. I'm optimistic. 
I tested the drinking game on this and now I have cirrhosis.   Thanks. 
**Everybody Drinks it:** Whenever Donnie says "Everybody says/does ____" Everybody drinks until he finishes that sentence 
It's like I'm listening to him. I'm nauseous now too. I'm sure that's just a coincidence.   
He probably has special ordered gold coloured condoms with his name on them. 
You really think that will get you through it?  People tell me, I know they tell you and you hear them. They say we have the best tequila. The biggest agave, and the lyin' Mexicans will tell you they have tequila. I know, I know. Believe me. We will have the biggest, tequila and we'll see who gets the last laugh, alright? 
She's gonna be in the First Lady's suite in the White House. Just saying.  
I feel like, at this point, he will either come through as a decent president and wouldn't need Pence for the boost, or he tweets himself out of the oval office. 
Appeal to a common unspecified contradiction: "Maybe, maybe not". 
So sad. You know what we did to people like him back in my day!? 
You're making me want to give up my coping mechanism, you bastard. If I can't drink the next four years away, how will I deal with them? ^^^/s 
You mean the health coverage formerly known as Obamacare? 
I'm hoping a candidate will change their last name to Hindsight.   **HINDSIGHT 2020** 
It makes it even worse replacing them with Obama and Biden, considering how close they are. 
Here's a little lesson in trickery, this is going down in history... 
Are you serious? You mean in the inauguration? Where are these odds given? Vegas?  (sorry if this is a joke and it went well over me) 
I thought he spent the past eighteen months just making one long runon sentence? 
keep snorting until his skin becomes a normal color 
They love the winter  They have the best winter retreats to do hard work 
I'm a dirty old man and would normally enjoy this kind of thing (shout out to /r/CrusaderKings/) but ffs this guy's going to be the friggen' US President. 
You do not waste good booze on sorrow drinking. Sorrow drinking is for the cheap shit. Good booze should be appreciated slowly, and hopefully with friends. 
Just had an epiphany; an alcoholic who mistakes beer for root beer is bamboozeld  
Take the ginsburg route and just survive off pure hatred. 
Nah that'd be dumb. We need like a Jeff Hind with a Pat Sight as running mate on the ticket, that way it could be a Hind/Sight ticket. Hind/Sight 2020. 
May be a bit more realistic for 2020 to be "Make America Somewhat Okay Again, Then We'll See How It Goes From There". 
Bros to the end. Jesus I'm actually choking up now 
Let's build a wall around him and make him pay for it (well, we'll pay for it, but I'm sure he'll pay us back) 
No I'm serious. I use a gambling website and you can place bets like that. Right now odds are 150 to 1 against him using the phrase "golden shower." Dead serious. 
If he fucked his daughter in order to bring down a regime and annex territory I think I could understand it at least  
Implying Kanye West bring in politics isn't something to be celebrated!? /s 
Pretty sure she's gonna be doing some rage drinking too.  Notorious RBG showed up to Obama's SOTU drunk that one time. She's probably going to show up to Trump's kushed out. 
And once you work your way up to Congress, you can drink all you want. 
would you mind pming me the site? it could be fun. 
There is nothing about Kanye West worth celebrating. 
Sorry, I missed what you said. Too busy twirling, twirling, twirling into the future. 
Haha yeah right I wouldn't take that bet for the life of me. I don't have $100 to lose.  
People always ask me, they come up to me on the street, and they say, Mr. President, do you have the biggest work in the world? And I say, you better believe it folks. We're having a good time here, aren't we? 
'Tis the season to get air in your Anus from too much anal 
I'm in the same boat. I did hang an Xmas wreath on my front door.  This has been an absolute sucky year, made a gazillion times worse because my 12 yr-old dog died in August. He was the family I celebrated with. 
I work in hospitality. You'd be surprised how many women in our restaurants freak the fuck out when Mariah Carey's "all I want for Christmas is you" comes on. It's alarming the screams from the grown women everywhere.  
Also working! Apparently people still expect an ambulance to come on holidays.. 
Holy fuck. I just went bankrupt a few minutes ago. I feel you dude.  
If you're both on the lease she still owes you for half the rent. You can sue her for what you've paid so far and any other costs associated I wth the eviction.  Small claims court. Check out r/legaladvice.   
Parents just divorced, at my grandparents house watching elf for the 70th time with my sister, love the holidays! 
Look at Mr. Fancypants here flying one hour instead of driving. 
I'm still struggling with my soon to be ex wife's affair, the holidays are tough. It's been 4 years since I found out and everything fell apart and I'm still a wreck. If you need someone to talk to I'm here to listen, trust me you need to let it out or the holidays will fucking kill you. 
If I may ask, what does your wife think about it. If that was my mom, she would have gotten in their faces to tell them to stop with the bullshit and get them both something or neither of them. 
It's only 7:52 PM Christmas Eve here. Trying to get your presents early you time traveling piece of shit? 
Your day sounds like a great independent movie I'd put on a list to see once it hits the shitty cinema in my town which it never will so I'll forget about it until I see it on Netflix four years later after scrolling through my suggestions for half an hour. 
Sounds like your folks are thought poisoned. Sucks for them to miss out on a cool kid and awesome memories... I wish you Happy Holidays and huge successes in 2017.  
My family is content to sit in the couch together and say nothing. We're doing it now, it's great. 
I'm sorry to hear. I used to think I had a mood disorder and my depression was my fault. Come to find out my emotional issues were a result of narcissistic abuse by several family members. Cut that family off and life is amazing now.  I don't know your situation but hang in there. Keep searching for answers. I hope you enjoy your Christmas Eve. 
God damn, I wish I had a compound. Or at the least a barbed wire fence around my house. 
Just remember, they're no longer the wet bandits, they're the sticky bandits. 
I can't help but think that the nearest animal shelter might have a lonely dog that's anxiously waiting to celebrate Christmas with someone who will love him back.   
Thank you. Your post sparked an interesting thought. I can rant. I can rave. I can curse and storm against fate. But through it all I am oddly ... grateful. I have been blessed by them, and no matter what comes next I will always be in debt to all that led me to this point.   
I'm a grown-ass man and you'd be surprised at how I freak the fuck out when it comes on. There's a diva in all of us. 
I read that as inexplicably jesus and got very confused lol 
AND firetrucks.  *eyeroll*  friggin' Divas.  Put out your own fires and drive yourselves to the hospital.  You'll never learn to take care of yourself if we're always doing it for you! 
3pm to 1am here. Single with no kids. I offered to work Christmas and Christmas Eve. Time and a half plus a two full day's worth of vacation. Gonna be a nice paycheck.   
We need a subreddit for people who lost Christmas games to recover. 
Can confirm, just got home from a gathering just oozing with passive aggression, taking offence to someome else's personal choices, and shit-talking absent family members. I *wish* I could spend Christmas alone. So much bullshit. 
All more trouble and additional expense to him currently. I could agree if he had the money to float $40 for a small claims lawsuit, but the guy is eating rice and butter for Christmas, chances are he doesn't have $40 to float like that.  Also suing her would mean interacting more and twisting that knife. Probably better to avoid contact and move on. Extract what learning or lessons you can from the situation, turn the page, and start writing the rest of your story. 
My family has a picture of all of us kids and my mom in the front room reading books. About 10 years later we realized we had replicated the pictures...with electronics. 
Thanks for your kind message. Despite reddit's imperfections, it blows my mind that ranting into the digital ether can bring out genuine support like yours, even at a time like Christmas Eve. 
Thanks dude. I guess I've only delayed the inevitable; soon, she'll start demanding to know specifics of my "program." But it's reassuring to know this happens to other people out there.  Out of curiosity, what are you studying? 
Mrs. Fancypants, and the drive is 9 hours over mountains with a two year old, so...nah.  
Oh gosh this hit me harder than some of the other emotional replies.  
Thanks man.  Been playing Fifa and Final Fantasy XV! FF is so good!  
Hey buddy. I lost my mom in October 2012 and the first Christmas was absolutely awful. Four years later and it's a mostly happy affair for my family with a few sighs and sometimes the occasional tear.  The pain never goes away but it's less "front and center" as time goes on. I hope you'll come to appreciate it for the time you have with the family that's still here at some point like my family and I have. 
I feel so hard for you people. I've never been married but my ex broke up with me after dating for 3 years on Thanksgiving 2 years ago and i found out she slept with a roommate of mine the day after christmas. Holiday's kicked my ass and I was only 19. I can't even fathom it being someone you trusted so mich to marry them and have kids with. 
I had this happen 15 years ago.  My mom somehow managed to out together one of my all time favorite Christmases  it was a real rough year but I'll always have fond memories of that Christmas.  
Because us jewy-jew-jews (everyone say that out loud) do that tomorrow night. 
I can't sing Christmas songs or decorate a Christmas tree, or leave water out for Rudolph cause there's something wrong with me. 
Or the person you'd rather be with told you to fuck off and ran directly into her exes arms.  
"Look, you can keep yelling or you can help me by harmonizing. Do your part." 
The writing would probably be pretentious as fuck and there'd be long, pointless close-ups on random shit like empty soup cans or whatever, but if you watch it with a kinda-hot art major she'll think you're deep and maybe you'll get a blowie  
my mom always says, "IDK, you start a conversation."   Umm, you were the one who wanted to talk 
This is a great suggestion OP. I did 5 years in the Army Infantry and got injured in Mosul Iraq. Every night afterwards was a nightmare(literally). VA prescribed me mini press and life has been much more tolerable. Even if your PTSD isn't service related don't hesitate to PM brother. We're all in this together.  
Now that is the holiday spirit! If you guys want a 3rd, let me know.  
We live far off the beaten path surrounded by woods and streams. We call it "The Compound", but it is a working ranch protected by cattle and Dobermans.  A lovely place by day, but a dark and forbidding place by night. 
Damnit! Should have thought of that when the stores were still open.  
Please make sure that you take care of yourself. You can really get worn down over time. The stress will really do a number on you physically and emotionally. My brother and her family could care less and it's taken a toll. I've let my life get off track for too long. Please don't make my mistake.  I wish YOU awesome holidays and a fabulous New Year. Please PM me if you ever feel the the need. I never understood what far reaching impact strokes could have until my mom had both of hers. 
Are animal shelters open on Christmas? Because if so that's what I'm gonna do.  
One of the best Christmas songs to come out in the last 30+ years.  So many people try to come out with "new" Christmas songs all the time.  None are anywhere near as catchy.  They all just seem so.... fake?  Lifeless?  I don't know.  But they're nowhere close. 
That sounds exhausting.  Have a Merry Christmas tomorrow! =) 
Ugh, I guess I'll make sure the runway at this airport doesn't ice up so all you jerks can go see your families... Then again, I'm Jewish so I kinda volunteered to work.  Edit - WOOWOO!!! ALL ABOARD THE GOLD TRAIN!!! SEE YOU SUCKERS IN THE LOUNGE!!! Seriously though, thank you muchly kind stranger! I hardly think doing what I do is gold worthy. Honestly, I'd do it for free. I get to be up close and personal with big trucks and planes.  Edit 2 - Hanukkah started tonight?! I had no idea... /s 
Had a stroke patient a few minutes ago. It's like they have no regard to my need to bake cookies and watch Christmas movies.  
So... Was that the shitpost of Christmas Past, Present, or Future? 
7pm to 7am here. Working at the front desk of a motel. Someone's gotta keep the rooms warm and doors open for hookers and junkies ;)  
"This is my human granddaughter."    i can't stop laughing at this  
You're human man, there's no being worthy about it. Don't feel guilty for taking, when so much has been taken from you. 
The goddamn dogs. My parents have 3 chihuahuas. I might pop my eardrums with an ice pick.  
The way you write tells me that you are an intelligent well rounded and reasonable person. PhD or not, you'll be fine I am sure.  
Well, at least it sounds like you're living away from home. Distance definitely helps. Also, r/AsianParentStories is your friend.  Applied math! Specifically, physics-based models that are used to study living systems. 
Did you keep the maiden name of Fancypants when you wed, or did you marry into the Fancypants family? 
Nice! Ive been wanting to play FFXV but I can't justify getting another game with the 5 im already playing. 
I know you weren't talking to me, but I really needed this right now, so thank you.  Technically this is my 2nd Christmas without my little sister; she passed Dec 2015.  But last year we were all so numb it didn't really register.  This year however...it's been awful and I'm having a hard time keeping it together. 
Similar situation after 5 years. I know plenty of people have it worse, but its been 10 months for me and feeling like shit is putting it pretty lightly. She was once my best friend and I don't think I will ever be the same again. 
We have been really fortunate, we were donated a tree and ornaments. It's just been waves, I'm okay and trying to handle it, and then I just have a pity party. I go between pity/sadness and then guilt. I had so much, I'm fortunate, I'm lucky - why am I feeling bad for myself?? It's been a rough year. 
Lots of us did it tonight! In fact, I'm just heading home from a big ol Jewish Christmas Eve right now! 
3 hours behind and you cunts still can't get your shit together. 
I'm sorry m8. Hopefully you can still make the best of the holidays. 
I have PTSD from something not service related, and I have constant nightmares. I haven't been able to reliably sleep in years. Is there really a medicine that I can get that would help out with that? I never mentioned it to my doc because I figured the nightmares were just something people dealt with... 
I'm sure there's an origami version out there somewhere... 
Thanks I really appreciate it! I'm currently looking for work in nyc so the plan is in motion my friend. 
You're right.. Many rescues allow fostering though; it's a great way to have animals in your life without the financial commitment. 
You're like a modern day innkeeper giving shelter to Mary and Joseph 
HAHAHA. YES. I AM HUMAN. COME, FELLOW HUMANS, LET US ENJOY COMPANY AND MERRY FESTIVITIES WHILE INJESTING GLUCOSE INTO OUR ONE-WAY DIGESTIVE TRACTS. 
Damn, even other people's cats eat better than me. 
I'm trying to force myself to think and feel that way. I'm just so terrified of people getting the wrong idea about me or something. I've never *ever* been good at accepting help from others, but lord knows, if I've ever been in a situation where I needed assistance, this is certainly that moment.  
Hey, thanks! I intend to be fine, and to maintain sanity and decency in the face of my mother's extreme and outdated opinions. 
Yes, distance helps a ton. Wow, that sub is too real.  And very cool! That happens to be similar to what I'd want to get into if I ever did pursue more schooling (which would hopefully be despite and not because of pressure from my Asian parent). 
That's gaming in your 30s for you.  "This will look great on my shelf!"  
5 years in a relationship, but happen two years ago.   I consider myself a pretty emotionally strong person. But I'm not going to lie, it hurts sometimes, instead of all the time. I still think about her every other day, instead of everyday.   I'm in a great, happy, relationship with an awesome girl. But I'll probably still have that tiny part of my ex in my heart forever. I'd do anything to get rid of it because she doesn't deserve jack shit or an ounce of love from me. But everyday that part is getting a little smaller and smaller.   But to get to your comment. You're going to continue to feel like shit. No amount of drinking, hooking up with girls, doing drugs is going to fix it. Man up and embrace the hurt. Take all that shit in. Let it fucking consume you and make you stronger man.  
It stays with you. I remember a bunch of strangers donated so much for us including beds, couches, etc. It was crazy. It's also ok to feel bad, you lost things important to you. They're just things but they were yours and meant something. I was 13 at the time but I still have moments now where I get sad thinking about my old toys and how I wish i had them still.   What's nice is, you will forever have a greater appreciation for everything you have in life and know how quickly it can be taken away, making you appreciate it even more.  
My last few years of living at home, we started to do it both nights.  Now I work at a movie theater both nights, do the movie Chinese food thing on Boxing Day all alone... 
Obligatory not a doctor. But if you can't sleep this is definitely a thing to talk to your doctor about. One of my roommates in college got prescribed medication to help her sleep because she had such powerful nightmares. There is definitely help out there for you if you ask.  
NICE TO MEET FELLOW HUMAN WITH ~~SYNTHESIZED~~ HUMAN OFFSPRING 
Hey buddy: take the gift and pay it forward. One day when things are working better for you, you can do the same for someone else. That day will come! 
There are few jobs for PhDs anyways.  Does she realize that? 
I can't help but read the "One Present" like the dude in Episode VII who says "One quarter portion" 
as someone being dragged to the movies on xmas day, thank you for your sacrifice. 
Once I'm finally financially stable again, I'll be damned if I don't pay these good deeds forward. I've ever felt this way before, I've never been the target of so much caring, especially from strangers. It's sobering, and completely altered my perspective on some things.  
That's it young lady. Now you have to do my dailies for a month!  
Sage advice. Same strategy as breaking up with a significant other. 
My tired eyes read that as on oxmas day, I imagined you having this awesome pagan holiday around a roast ox and bonfire with lots of mead. 
That sounds like... 10x more exciting than Christmas. Someone needs to make this a thing.  
Haha this is why I cannot study or write while listening to music or TV. My papers will just be full of lyrics and dialog I heard. 
similar thing happened to me: I was calling my internet provider and hung up saying "love you, bye" 
This made me laugh, cos SO & I respond to most of each other's questions (about anything) with "in your butt". I may change it up & borrow yours.  
I did this. Moved 1 door down, but I never even spoke to the new occupants of the old place. Just barged in one day coming back from the laundry room with my laundry basket and there's a shirtless dude laying on the couch, probably high as a kite. We just stare at each other for a minute and I say "I used to live here!" and started walking out as he was laughing. 
On a similar note, I did park maintenance for awhile and often entered the opposite sex bathroom to clean. I have found myself yelling "FEMALE MAINTENANCE WORKER!" before entering the ladies room 
What did you do with the beer and why is the answer you chugged it? 
Been giggling like mad at all the stories, but yours? yours pushed me over the edge. I think My laughing just woke up the neighborhood.. 
Thank you for the diabolical idea of how to get rid of telemarketers!  
"Here's your cheesestick, hun!"  *daughter cries*  "why don't you love me?" 
Story kind of related to your #1...  At the end of an evening scout meeting, we were playing Sharks and Minnows across the grass when this one kid runs to the end, trips, and hits his head on the sidewalk at the end of the field.  We help him up, ask him if he's okay, he insists that he's fine. His injury ends the game, so we all head back into the auditorium to close the meeting. After a solid 5 minutes of announcements and flags, we're sitting and chatting on the edge of the stage.  The kid who fell suddenly looks at me with a really confused look on his face. He had been functioning fairly normally, yet he **had no recollection of the past 10 minutes** - from the moment he hit his head until then. That freaked me out... 
Imagine you pick up someone elses signal with the baby monitor and start hearing voices in your car.  
I once poured the fresh grounds into the basket before placing the filter in. Upon realizing my mistake, I emptied and cleaned the basket and then placed the filter in its rightful place. Then I poured the water in and hit brew.  Fifteen minutes later, I had a full pot of hot water.  Not a good morning. 
The other day I was checking in at an amusement park. After the guy scanned my ticket, I, for some unknown reason, held out my hand. And the guy handed me his scanner.  
You can lead a horse to your kitchen, but you can't make it cook you breakfast. 
Haha I've done that.  I was walking through town with my gf at the time, looking at stalls and shops and she was in my periphery, or so I thought... She had stopped to look at something else and a woman of roughly the same height and hair colour was stood next to me.  I checked my phone for time, gently caressed her shoulders and said "come on now, it's time for us to head off". And just walked away from this woman.  I turned around a few meters later to see my gf a luminescent shade of embarrassed and this entirely freaked out little old Asian woman. 
I had to go to Walmart once after finishing my midnight cashier shift from a competing grocery retailer across the street. I absentmindedly grabbed my stuff, approached the cashier and asked her if she found everything ok. We stared at each other blankly for a little bit. 
I was writing a practice essay for the SATs to turn in for class, and I must have dozed off or something while writing it, because the word "pineapple" was circled in the middle of my essay with a question mark written next to it.   The essay had nothing to do with pineapples. or fruit. or even food. I had no recollection of writing it, and when my teacher asked me about it, I honestly had no explanation.   The sentence must have gone something like:   ".... The mind is too important Pineapple of a thing to waste and therefor should be fostered..."   The word didn't even make sense in the context of the sentence I was writing.  
I wish that's how it always worked. If so, I'd be showing up at work in the middle of the night like every single day  
Yeap. The amount of times I've ended a phone conversation with, "Okay, love you, bye," that wasn't with my husband/mom/dad/brothers on the other end is embarassing. 
What did you used to do at the airport? I think airports are interesting 
I did something like that when I was like 8. My dad was in the car getting ready to take me and my brother to the game room, and I didn't want to miss out so I ran to the car without pants on. Then I hear my mom yelling out the window, "YOU HAVE NO PANTS ON!" 
I was making breakfast one early morning and cracked my eggs straight into the garbage. 
The trick to this is owning it. Put a lot of energy into it, frantically wave your hand, maybe throw in an enthusiastic "ooh, ooh!" Your friends/coworkers will respect the fact you are being ironic. 
Every year I have a day or two where my first period learns something a bit wrong because my brain isn't working. I usually hope they're not paying too much attention and try to reteach it the next day.  
I have done this. Instead of grabbing my coffee, I got my tv remote and didn't notice until I got to work haha  
Once I was feeding my 1 year old a banana and talking to my mom. In the middle of the conversation, I pushed the banana in front of my moms face and just waited for her to take a bite. It took like 30 seconds to register that I was force feeding my 48 year old mother NOT my toddler. It was hilarious.  
My boyfriend tried to wake me up from a nap and he started tickling me and I started freaking out and getting scared because I thought he was a wire stabbing into me and I was a mountain?  
i was really hoping it was the other way around :( 
It's better than looking for your glasses while you're wearing them. Not my proudest moment... 
That reminds me of my coworker at einstein bagels. We would call out customer names, hand them their order, and wish them a good day. He said   "Have a great job" and on another day "happy birthday"  
Have done, but with just two.   First egg: "oh, dammit!" *Rinses egg down sink*  Second egg: "oh...oh, fucking come on" 
Sometimes I wake wake-up at like 6 AM thinking I'm late to HS and rush to get out of bed.   Those were dark times.  
Most people are kidding when they tell Jesus to take the wheel 
Poor food  Why didnt you help it  YOU COULD HAVE SAVED THE FOOD 
"If you're here.. then THAT means.. uh oh!"  (Cut to someone rubbing the rat on corn on the cob)  
You reminded me of my favorite one! I kick my truck door closed all the time.  One time, I kicked it closed before grabbing my phone, and in a sleepy panic *threw my keys into the truck just before the door closed.*  I was so out of it I yelled "Yes!" because my sleep addled brain must have thought that was awesome.  Had to wait for my wife to get home to open the door to the house to get the spare. 
Could be worse. Your hair could be unprotected from 99% of odor causing bacteria.  
Ah crap something similar happened to me. I got to a party and saw people I knew, mostly female, so I gave them all a hug and a small peck on the cheek, get to the one guy in the group, both of us bearded men and proceeded to give him a peck on the cheek. We both just stopped and stared at each other.  
Fortunately cats have an ATTACK setting to protect against such mishaps. 
I can't stop giggling at the moo cows, now *I* look crazy 
I've peed on the lid before because I had expected it to be up, and didn't realize before peeing. Not a good time.  
Yeah... they probably didn't need the pee to know if you were on drugs after that. 
Ha, I've done this at work. The woman on the other end just laughed and said "Love you too" and hung up. 
This needs to be higher, I can't stop laughing. That is 1,000,000x worse than calling a teacher "Mum"  It reminds me of a time during a Japanese language class where my teacher was a very masculine woman who had a pretty deep voice. She was super nice mostly considering this was a grade 8 language class where nobody particularly cared and got pretty rowdy. In a moment of autopilot, I wanted to ask her a question and out came: "Hey Dad." I felt so bad about it. 
I had this happen to me. I had procrastinated on a film study project, started working on it at 8pm the night before it was due, made it about 1/2 of the way through by midnight, and woke up in my bed at 5:30am to go to school with no recollection of anything after midnight. I was freaking out thinking I still had four hours of work to do to finish, but checked the document and it was *done*. Last saved at 3am. I got an A on a project that I barely remembered doing, and I had done the second half *faster* than when I was conscious. 
Not gonna lie, this one took me a bit to understand. Maybe I should go to bed before I put my phone in the trash. 
My daughter has always been a little helper.    Once, I was folding towels and putting them aside so I could put them away later.  Little daughter had just learned how to walk independently. She grabbed a towel and walked toward the bathroom to put it away.  I told her "Put it on the toilet".  The cabinet was right above the toilet. She came back all happy, once she had completed her task.   A few minutes later, I went into the bathroom with more towels.  I put them away, and then realized there was no towel on the toilet. I looked around for a few minutes.  Then, I lifted the lid on the toilet.   There was the missing towel.  I guess my daughter had not understood the difference between "on" and "in".  Or, the lid was up when she got there, she put the towel in the toilet, and then helpfully closed the lid.   My daughter is now 17, and I never let her forget this. 
I've tried to put milk in the cabinet where the cereal goes a bunch of times.  I've even tried to put the box of cereal in the fridge.  
Sounds like you forgot more than just her password.  
Why would you eat a stray mint that had just been in your pocket for months anyway?  It would be all covered in lint and gross. 
I often rest my hand on my thigh and play with the seam on my jeans when I'm sat down, one time last week I realise I can't feel my hand on my thigh. Turns out I'd been feeling up my friend's thigh for a good 10 seconds before either of us registered what was going on. 
Did you owe yourself money? Send a little message to that deadbeat? 
I can't work out where the hell your brain was going with this. 
We drink maple syrup for breakfast in Canada anyway. 
Try retracing your steps. I do that too and it's probably increased my success rate to 3/10 
Never pulled that one but I did freak out and start yelling once when I  got up to take a piss at night and couldn't find my pistol or holster. 
I'm never sure what to do when I'm in the middle of using a public toilet and the maintenance person yells into the bathroom. Does one yell back, or just finish as quickly as possible and gtfo?  
Had I been a year or two or I probably would have drank it.  I have it to the lunch room teacher who has known my mom for years. 
this has been the most entertaining thread I've read in a while.  I think my heart is starting to beat irregularly from all the laughing. 
Lol it's fun for that too.  I have a standard angry "THIS IS A 911 CALL CENTER AND YOU ARE TYING UP EMERGENCY LINES" speech for when they call the actual dispatch center, so I just give that haha.  Never get those calls again.  Would recommend answering with a fake agency name so you don't get some emergency call out of the blue one day though.  That could suck. 
Imagine you drive past an abandoned house with it and hear Russian agents plotting to assassinate the president, using baby monitors instead of handheld radios. 
I knew none of those people where paid. They all just pass on the torch. 
I would be flattered personally if I were old and some young thing accidentally carted me off, but maybe that's just me.  When you're old it's always nice to have something random happen like that, as long as you're not being abducted lol. 
I worked as a greeter at a store that isn't Walmart.  One day I was thinking about how I had to go to Walmart after work and greeted people with "Welcome to Walmart" several times.   
I work front desk, and now whenever I'm in public I unconsciously make eye contact, smile, and greet everyone I see. Luckily, I'm in the south, so people don't think it's *too* weird, but I have gotten plenty of strange looks and I deserve it.  
I'm glad I'm not the only one, something about airports is really fascinating to me. 
My brother did this- family of six (four kids, two adults) drives 30 min to restaurant. Get out of the car, brother isn't wearing a shirt. "I thought I was wearing one!" None of us can even retort, because no one else noticed either. 
1. open banana 2. discard white parts into trash 3. pick the stringy bits off 4. notice I'm holding a peel and not a delicious banana 5. ... 6. go back to bed because clearly I'm not functioning and need to turn myself off and back on again. 
That sort of mistake is the reason I was nervous for so long about tutoring kids. 
damn that's even worse since you left something behind to take the essential remote with you. 
"And if you look to your right... you'll see my house" 
If it was OCTranspo in Ottawa, people might have laughed about it in public but you can be damn certain they made a bunch of passive aggressive posts about it on /r/Ottawa. 
Not as bad as not being able to find your glasses because you can't see without your glasses. 
I cracked one right into the trash can. One tap on the side of the stove then right into the garbage you go! Liquid first, shell second, patience last.  
haha, oh jesus, those poor guys must get so stressed. I cannot imagine another profession as stressfull that would make you wake up mid panic. "The walk-in freezer is open! Someone left the Walk in freezer open and there's a problem with it's fans!"  Said no cook or waitress ever when waking up in the night. Poor Medical staff, you guys are all nerves.  
These kinds of stories are my favorite.  Your brain was trying so hard to be helpful, but couldn't have failed any harder. 
I worked three jobs once, and they all had different ways of answering the phone, plus, of course, my own phone. One day, I picked up a call at one job, and my mind went completely blank. All the caller could hear from me was "Ah, uh, Thank, hello." Pause. "Thank, uh, This..." Then I hung up.  
Most of my friends would probably just roll with it  
The guy who was monitoring our test was just like "WTF?!?!" 
Unrelated story, but our bio class was working on a lab report and one of my buddies in the class was going through depression. Night before it was due, him, I and a couple of other lads were working on it in a Skype call just to make things easier. Soon, he goes quiet and we hear a quiet rumbling, enough to catch onto the mic. Turns out he fell asleep. We felt bad for him, so we broke into his drive account (security question was easy as shit) and finished his report for him.   Week later he is telling us that he finished his entire report in his sleep and that he was feeling substantially better since he felt his body wasn't giving up so his mind shouldn't either. I think he got a 92 on it too.  We never told him it was us. Dude's doing great now 
I did this once. In pretty warm weather. I didn't realize I did it until I came home from work and wondered why the whole apartment reeked of spoiled milk.  
I used to fall asleep talking to my first boyfriend when we were in high school.  My favorite was when he was talking about something mundane and sleep-me responded with "I'm dressed up as an Indian right now."  I woke up when he just said, "What?" 
I am rather forgetful. I've been called "scatterbrain" "ditz" and "head like a sieve" by my parents.    But meh, I've made it this far :) 
Sounds like you had a few beers before writing this. 
I used to be pretty good at making people do this. If you say "Thank you, have a nice day" in the right tone of voice when you hand their card or change back, about 1/3 of the time they'll just drive away. I got two cars in a row to drive off one day. IIRC, only one of them came back, looking sheepish, to get their fried chicken. 
I told them I wanted heated seats, dammit!  e: ty for gold :D 
It took me a minute to figure out what was going on. I looked down at my hand and I was like "uh, I think you need this," and handed it back to him. He just took it like "thanks..." and went on checking the next person like it was totally normal. 
I think it's because almost everyone at the airport is probably there for an important reason 
Absolutely. It's compounded by latency. Even a half second of latency makes that "who is taking the initiative to speak here" so much more awkward. 
I think that is just normal for location based subreddits. The one for my area is like condensed bitterness. I'd never want to do a location based meet-up.  
Open the camera on your phone, it sees clearly and you can hold it as close to your face as needed.  
I did this more than a couple times when I was a cook. Cracked the egg into the trash and stood in from of the stove holding an egg shell trying to remember what I'm supposed to do next.  
There are many "codes" at a hospital. When someone "calls a code" it's a code blue. Hospitals have code teams that respond to codes outside of the ER or even inside the ER. Calling a code basically means drop what you are doing, this guy is dying.  
"There's a bug!"  "Uh-oh" said the programmer, as he rolls over into a more comfortable position. 
My mom accidentally put our rat in a cupboard when she was pregnant with my youngest sibling. She ran to wake me up for me help. She was technically my little brothers rat, and she was so scared she lost the poor thing forever. Worried that maybe she got outside when she let the dog out. I eventually asked what she had been doing before that. The rat had made herself comfortable with crackers and some little snacks we had in there for her. She would have been in heaven if she was placed in the refrigerator. I know she would have quickly tried to get to the grapes, and then that would have been her new home. 
I do this a lot. I answer my own phone by stuttering out "good afternoon this is ouionme...Uh sorry yeah uh hey hi what's up" 
Just keep rolling with it until after the marriage. 
I love to see that good in people. "Oh look some stranger passed out on my couch, drunk. I should get him a blanket."   Those people are awesome, and probably going to die from being too nice at some point. 
As someone who's had depression most of my life, I just want to let you know what an awesome friend you are. It's because of people like you that we're able to get through this 
My mom will ask me the same question three times in succession, forgetting I already answered each time. 
Ah, so he's a child.     (Am also parent. Solidarity.) 
*Shuts eyes tight* "IF I DON'T MOVE, HE WON'T KNOW I'M HERE!" 
It all went downhill after his mom packed him a beer for lunch. 
I am laughing so hard thank you so much love you bye 
You think that until you start working at an airport  Source: I work at an airport 
One phrase I do this all the time with. I often say "take care buddy" or "take care bro". More often than I'd like, it becomes "take care bruddy" or "brud".   Makes me wonder if I English as good as I think. 
Ya you are driving normal, just kinda spaced. You just don't store it.  
"honey there's a bug" "post it on the GitHub. I'll fix it in the morning" 
That is serious dedication to gay chicken.   "Will you marry me?"  "Alright Frank you win, I'll move out!" 
I mean, If I was planning to kill someone, and they offered me a blanket and pillow, I'd probably change my mind. 
Did you consider that your mom may be a main character in a video game? 
Bruder is german for brother. So if anyone calls you on it, now you have an out. 
You cannot even blame it. Kind of sad for the rat to having seen the truth. 
I'm dying imagining him saying "don't worry, I got this. Follow me" and then him just day dreaming all happy driving along 
Not to mention that laying prone on someone else's couch is almost the worst killing strategy you could use 
Fret not, she was a spoiled little shit and she knew it.  Straight pellets? Pah! They dine upon pellets mixed with muesli with little bits of yoghurt and some rice bubbles dotted in.  Warm peas and corn on cold mornings, frozen peas in a shallow dish to dive for on hot days. Make tzaziki? Guess who gets the cucumber pulp.  Steak night? Ratties get a tiny tithe.  Making chicken, leek and tarragon pies? Pan for  the filling goes on the floor during playtime for a ratty pre-rinse before washing.   
You can protect yourself by putting a chore list on your windows 
Friend of mine saw Robin on a red eye flight, but he was sitting across the aisle from them and was apparently asleep. They spent a good portion of the flight going back and forth about whether it was him, when he suddenly turned to them, smiled, and said "Yes, it's really me." Made small talk for a minute and went back to sleep. 
What do you call a man with his arm up a horse's ass?    An Amish Mechanic    Nanu Nanu 
It's not insignificant. It meant the world to you when it happened and still means something today. That story truly shows they type of person he was(its hard to use past tense with him). He brought humor with him everywhere. I actually got a visual of him with a huge backpack and smiled. 
Robin Williams could find humor in anything. With that being said, I love how this sentimental piece was written by /u/SHITS_ON_CATS.  
Spoken like someone who's struggled with depression. 
"Carpe, carpe diem, seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary." 
I have been depressed lately, so the other day I went on Netflix looking for a movie to cheer me up. I ended up watching The Birdcage, even though I have seen it several times before. I picked it because I loved Robin Williams and he has never failed to make me laugh. I feel so honestly sad that there was no one and nothing to cheer him when he most needed it. I feel like one of the brightest lights in the universe just winked out and the world just got a little bit darker. 
It seems to me that the most successful comedians always have an intimate understanding of how life can make jokes out of us. 
That is who I want to be. A person like Robin Williams. That person that waits patiently and makes everyone feel as though they are worth listening to. I wish I could have met the man. God knows I need someone like him in my life right now. Really, I think everyone does. That's why his death was so jarring. Today was the moment when everyone collectively realized he was the kind of person we all needed to keep the world going. But we always realize these things too late. 
According to his publicist he had been struggling with depression. 
LOL! My friend and his wife saw him somewhere in Napa Valley some years ago. They were driving down the road and saw this extremely hairy guy (no shirt) riding a bike down the road.  My friend commented it looked like a gorilla on a bike. As they approached and were next to the cyclist, lo and behold...it was Robin Williams! They shouted and waived at him and he smiled and waived back. I think they took pics, but I will have to reach out to a friend that I haven't spoken to in many years.  
You treat a disease, you win, you lose. You treat a person, I guarantee you, you'll win, no matter what the outcome. 
"We are willing to help, Lord, but what, if anything, is needed? For it is true we can seldom help those closest to us. Either we don't know what part of ourselves to give or, more often than not, the part we have to give is not wanted. And so it is those we live with and should know who elude us. But we can still love them - we can love completely without complete understanding."  -- Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories  
Until we roll 5 or 8, Robin.  Until we roll 5 or 8... 
Now I understand Patton Oswalt's Tweet. Thank you. 
Eerily reminiscent of Oscar Wilde- "work is the curse of the drinking class."  
The thing is with Steve Irwin at least I could've expected to see him go in such a way. While tragic it was oddly fitting of him. But, I can't even imagine Robin Williams without a smile on his face much less depression and suicide. His death seems to hit something deeper because of how unexpected and unlike the image we all had of him.  
I don't think anyone could do it convincingly, this made me realize how one of a kind he truly was.  
My uncle saw him jogging in Hawaii--he yelled out, "That's Robin Williams!" Robin Williams heard him, turned around and screamed "Where!!!" Then continued on his run. 
When your job is to make everyone else happy, people forget how to make you happy, because they are always coming to you for happiness and assume you are sharing your own happiness, rather than putting off your own worries to cheer them up. It's easy to think the funny guy is in a good mood all the time and forget to ask him how he's doing, especially since when you do he tries to hide his own feelings nut to trouble you with his own 
You could almost see both the pain and regret in Robin's eyes during that moment that he said that quote... I almost wonder if, even then, he was depressed and felt alone. I wish someone could have done something for him. Of every person alive, famous, infamous, or just a normal-everyday-person; nobody deserved this fate LESS than Robin Williams.  One day we laugh and smile and feel our hearts warmed by Robin Williams. One day, we cry and feel our hearts ripped from our chests. HE was truly a great man. 
Depression is a pretty fucked up thing. You can't think or reason your way out of it. You know it is dumb and pointless and makes no sense, but damn it hurts like a motherfucker. It twists your thoughts into awful things and lies to you. 
If I see a picture of him at the funeral I'll burst into tears. 
I've always argued against this rating.  That's just an score based on what Critics thought of it in 1991z  Spielberg made a movie for children. There isn't a single person who was a child in 1991 that didn't love it. It is my all-time most played film.   Hook was my childhood.  Critics hated it. The children loved it. By all accounts, I think Spielberg accomplished his goal perfectly.   
The poem is "The Stolen Child" by W.B. Yeats, if anyone else is curious. Worth reading in full! 
Another one where he plays someone deranged is Insomnia.  He was fantastic in that movie. 
I cannot handle watching his work right now, but when I'm ready, watching the Birdcage will be my own personal wake for him. Gah, there I go crying again.  I'm so sorry you've been hurting. If it's too much to handle, please reach out to a hotline, or heck even hit me up. Much love for you. 
He also paid for treatments Christopher Reeves' family couldn't afford.  
Oh man! That would be so cool to go trick-or-treating and meet Robin Williams. I wonder if anyone ever dressed up like the Genie or something. 
Wow, that's really deep. I'm not being sarcastic either.. and yeah, it seems like simple cheap philosophy, but at the same time, there is a bit of very dark truth to that statement, especially in relation to Robin Williams' death. Man.. life really is fucked up :'( 
Jesus, that is well written. Its dusty in here :'( 
This is a great comment. I keep hearing people say "I don't understand how anyone could commit suicide." If you don't understand it, consider yourself lucky. I was treated for clinical depression for three years. *It's not something you should want to understand.* 
"Thank you...for gracing my life with your lovely presence, for adding the sweet measure of your soul to my existence." May he rest in peace. In paradise. 
That was my favorite quote.    The theme and ideas are so pure in that movie, the delivery is so perfect. 
I make a lot of dumb jokes on this website. Sometimes people say "aren't you a doctor?" as if to insinuate that I can't be goofy ... being a doctor is part of what I am, but not all of what I am. 
A couple of hours ago, I was watching the episode of Family Guy where everything Peter touches, turns into Robin Williams. After the episode ended, I refreshed reddit, saw the top story and just screamed in horror. Within moments I went from musing of a world full of Robin Williams to living in one without even one of him. 
Maybe this was the jungle and God finally rolled it... :( 
Those who are most depressed often seem the most content, because they don't want others to worry about them. 
When you're depressed, none of your successes matter, and all of your failures--real and imagined--loom large. 
I'm trying not to start bawling at Weinger's comment. 
Alcohilism and depression often go hand-in-hand; one causing the other. 
I really hope we don't see any photos. Family and friends deserve to mourn in private.  
Oh man, I forgot this fact and thanks for reminding me. God dammit Robbie, why did you have to go!? 
Fun fact: every single one of Obama's speeches includes the word bangarang somewhere. 
I'm rather surprised this is so far down. I guess it must be a generational thing...  
Completely agree. There is a very tender moment in the movie when he tells Nathan Lane's character something to the effect of "what does it matter if I say you can stay or you say I can stay? It won't be a home unless you're there." One of the more touching scenes I've seen regardless of sexual orientation.  
I started the movie thinking it was going to be dumb and over dramatic. In the end I was laughing every two minutes. He just played the role so well. 
I'm sure you can get can get a pretty good idea of what voicing the Genie was like by watching Good Morning, Vietnam. 
He's got another serious and almost creepy role in Insomnia too.  
I read this all in his Doubtfire voice. I'm smiling now. 
It's an amazing movie.  Have seen it several times. 
My friend worked on that as an intern. Robin Williams remembered him by name throughout the production and even defended him when a supervisor was giving my friend a hard time. Even when the cameras aren't rolling, he was a great guy. 
I think the problem was marketing. Commercials made it sound like a screwball comedy, actual movie was a drama. It was a faithful representation of Asimov's book, too 
Our job is improving the quality of life, not just delaying death. 
I loved this one:  "A doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death, but also to improve the quality of life." 
No--don't give in to the "feel worse" impulse.  You're doing the best you can.  And you're alive. 
I've always thought of comedians of sort of the dark humorist balancing the forces of the universe by making us laugh at sad shit. Comedians probably spend a lot of time thinking of crazy shit that would drive a less creative person fucking insane. Hats off to the clowns. 
my first language is not English, and I still read it with the Obama pauses.. 
They were roommates at Julliards and they promised each other that if one of them got successful they would take care of the other.   
/u/sucks_at_people probably meant intentional suicides. ODs are often accidental 
Yeah, this is too far down. It's one of his best performances, IMO. 
I just watched it two nights ago, and he played the perfect "straight" man (har har) to Nathan Lane's over-the-top hilarity. But the true star of that movie is Hank Azaria. He steals the show, which is saying a lot considering who he shared the stage with.  
I might add that Robin treated us all, we all won. 
And they did. The Williams family took care of Reeves' son after both Christopher and his wife passed away.  
I think he meant both since it can be often hard to tell, and when doing drugs in those high quantities the lines can be blurred. 
God, I would hate to be that son. Loses his mother, than his father and than his father's best friend in all tragic circumstances. I know that the son was probably preparing for his father and his mother to pass away (since they had 'terminal' illnesses) but can you really prepare yourself for that? And now with Robin Williams leaving, poor kid. 
Awww, well how 'bout this. Give someone you know a random hug. Just a no reason, out of the blue, big ol' bear hug. Then tell them to give one to someone else, and then to someone else, and someone else...   Eventually, it'll make it's way to me. One day, I'll get a random hug from someone, for no discernible reason, and I'll say to myself "Oh! That's my Dreamstakeroot hug, right there!"  Plus, as a bonus, every person in between will get a small moment of random affection and appreciation. It's a win-win, really.  
They call the Magical Bum homeless. What they don't know? The world is his home. 
My sister and I both had this before. It is often unprovoked, and a rare occurrence. We just blink, and wham our vision is 20/20. Then we blink too soon and it's over.   I remember grocery shopping with my mother once when I was about 13, and I blinked and suddenly had perfect vision. I saw everything clearly and could read all the labeled sections in the back. I blinked and everything was blurry again. I was amazed and also extremely disappointed that it disappeared so quickly.  
He probably realized what it was and didn't want to get taken to crow court. 
Sounds like some messed up version of Over The Hedge 
Something similar happened to me. I was 5-6 and was playing outside with other kids. All of a sudden, those two cars stop by a sidewalk, they grab a girl on a tricycle and speed off. Only her bike was left. We ran to my mom to tell her someone got kidnapped. She was cooking, somewhat listened, nodded her head, smiled, "Oh, really?" and that was it. I think about it often.  
could have been the colour of your shirt as well.  i work at an aquarium, and as someone who wears the uniform, animals get thrilled at the sight of me often, just because of my shirt colour. 
Ball lightning lasts that long? I always assumed it just kinda came down from the sky and burst.  
I'm sure there is some scientific explanation to this, like the lizard went into suspended animation or something (which is weird because I've heard that chameleons are quite sensitive to temperature), but that being said...this is just bonkers.  
I saw the same thing! I told my dad and he looked at me like I was crazy :( 
Our house was struck by lightening one night and my mom says she saw a hovering ball of lightning. Apparently it's something that can happen. 
you witnessed the squirrel/cat nations summit meeting. several treaties came out of it 
You probably touched a Brugmansia. They are loaded with scopolamine and can cause you to see things that are not there. Inverse colors are a common hallucination from them. Brugmansia are a very common garden flower, despite their effects, because only small children will be effected by contact alone. Did you have big orange flowers that hang downwards in your garden? 
Was there a portapotty nearby? I bet that blue shit can dye mice too 
I'm surprised he's not missing more than an eye. Abraham Lincoln has been dead for a very long time, he should be rotted to his bones.  
You should talk to the other guy with the post about doing his ashtray in the kitchen and never finding it even after a remodel 
Wait what do you mean exactly? Like you fell in such a way that your pants slipped down and your back twisted over? Or you like, saw a vision of your buttcrack appear before you? 
Could have been a Will-O'-Wisp especially if it was over a lake. The theory is certain gases like methane and phosphine are either ignited by lightning or chemically react and release light creating what looks like a floating light. 
Funny enough, yesterday I was reading a thread about satellite TV. Back in the day, you could pick up the satellite feeds that broadcasters sent to local TV stations. Like, if NBC was covering a basketball game, they'd have a satellite truck set up at the arena beaming up to space. The satellite would then beam that down to Earth, so that your local NBC station could pick it up and transmit it across its broadcast area. It was up to your local station to then put in advertisements during breaks and whatnot.  However, if you had big dish satellite, you could sometimes pick up those raw feeds. Supposedly you'd end up hearing the commentators just BSing, the cameraman aiming at random things, etc. 
I was walking to class and passed by a trashcan with a domed lid. On top was a bottom piece of a bun. As was walking by it, a squirrel came out of the trash can and put a Chick-fil-A chicken on top of the bun, then went back inside the trashcan. I assume it was to get the top bun. I really wish I took a photo of it.  Another instance was a squirrel with a cigarette butt in its mouth. 
My mom used to see her dead sister standing at the end of her bed watching her for years after she killed herself. It was always peaceful and tranquil, she says. She liked seeing her. But then one night it just didn't feel right. My mom got scared and shouted for her to go away.   She never came back after that.  
As someone who lives in Asia. This isn't too hard to belive. 
The power to fuse and manipulate deli meats. Looks like X-Men is real and you are the Magneto of our reality. 
"no one will ever believe you."  - that guy, probably 
Once on a bus going to a Christian youth group event thing, a friend flashed a group of girls in a car we were passing.  5 minutes later they're passing us and flash us back.  Best youth group event ever. 
We (people in southern Appalachia) call that a Crow Court. I've seen it happen too, just with one in the middle. While it definitely does happen, apparently no-one knows why. We all know that corvids are crazy smart, so I think the idea of a Crow Court isn't far off. Maybe the crows in the middle did something to endanger the Murder, or they're sick or something. Either way it really is surreal 
That is neat. I can't come close, but, in around 2001 I was playing online poker (hold 'em) on dialup. I'd been dealt AK suited, played it moderate cool, then the flop came up giving me an instant royal flush. Immediately my connection dropped, and by the time I got back online I'd been timed out and we were on the next hand. It took all I could muster to not put my monitor through.  That was the end of online poker for me, but over the last sixteen years of casual kitchen table games I've never seen it since. 
A driver in my hometown (suburban NJ) saw a giraffe run across his path. He immediately pulled over for a cup of coffee, and told people he thought he was hallucinating. They tried to call him an ambulance, but then they saw police cars going by... turns out the circus was in town and had lost its giraffe.  
You obvious that you did not see any old businessman, but THE businessman from which all other businessmen are born. 
Investigate this! Surely theres a science subreddit who can explain?  
Yeah, sorry about that, I was pretty hammered so I had to take breaks every few minutes of flying. Thanks for not running over me or something. 
What the fuck Steve? You said you wouldn't tell... 
My mom was at my grandma's side when she died at home. Basically, breast cancer had run it's course and Grandma was sleeping most of the day, would wake up for a little bit here and there. Anyway, Mon was sitting next to her holding her hand and my mom swears Grandma woke up looked at my mom smiled looked at her feet eyes wide open mouth agape and looked back at mom and said it's beautiful isn't it? Laid her head back down closed her eyes and took her last breath.  
Some skinny, tall farmers feelings are hurt by this. *I'm not an alien guys!* 
They broadcast it live. I was 15 years old at the time, and we watched it in my high school. It's one of those things that defines my generation; We all watched Challenger explode when we were teenagers.  
Are you in North Kansas city? Theres a guy in my girlfriends neighborhood that dresses up in a civil war uniform 3 or so times a week and walks his dogs. We finally saw him walk past her house the other day. Very strange, we even Googled to see if there were any reenactments near by but found nothing. He's a doctor of some sort so I suppose he just has a passion or heavy interest in that sort of thing and has the money to make or buy those uniforms. 
It was the space shuttle. They used to land at (then) Kelly AFB. The first few times they were transported into hangers, then later landings were just left out so you could drive by on Military Drive and see them.  
That could've been the start to a real touching Rom-com or maybe even a drama, but you fucked it up.   
Maybe a water spout forming? That's is a super creepy story. 
I too recall having a shaking bed, as if someone was lifting the foot of the bed up and down aggressively.  It stopped around age 4. False childhood memories or dreams...maybe 
If a creepy TV ghost mouthed the word "Floppydlop," I would not stop laughing. 
Here in Japan there is an urban legend about human-faced dogs called "Jinmenken". They are said to appear running along highways at night and have the ability to talk. 
I've had similar experiences of this too, only with smells. My gran used to wear this cheap perfume that can only be described as old lady perfume. She was the only person I knew who wore it.                     I have moved house a lot since her passing, but every time we get moved in and semi-settled the smell of that perfume comes drifting through the house, my partner also smells it but he never knew my gran. I like to think she's just checking the place out and tutting to herself. 
This one I can imagine is legit. Just not real. I used to get very real hallucinations right as I was waking up. 99.9% of the time it was seeing a spider or spiders climb up a wall or across the ceiling. Like, huge spiders. Sometimes bigger than could ever exist in nature. I used to go literally flying out of the bed, scared outta my mind (huge arachnophobe). But then one day I stared at one, too afraid to move, and it slowly faded away as it crawled. Still happens once in a while now- I just ignore it until it goes away. Anyway, it seems very similar to what you described. 
My wife and I were in the dinning room and the dog was next to us hoping for scraps.  Then suddenly the bedroom door opened and slammed.  The dog immediately ran up the steps towards the door, just as I did.  I searched the upstairs thinking someone was in the house but no one was there.  What's interesting is we both (wife and I) heard the door knob turn as the door opened.    Clearly the dog heard it too.   It was also on a calm day, no wind and our house has no drafts.   
When my cousin died on christmas eve 2012 my aunt found a couple dimes at his crash site and now my whole family does this too. 
Most likely a penis that looked like snoop dog to be honest. 
My cat went to our neighbour's flowerbed. He was a roamer, so I can imagine that he'd been there before, but I remember him hiding under our rhubarb plant and meowing sadly a few hours before that. Poor baby. 
I will defend any dog in crow court, I'm very educated in _bird law_ 
"Uh... so what do we do now?" "Letting me go IS an option." "Fine~ Not like anyone will believe this anyway." 
No, never heard anything afterwards. That's why I've been wondering whether this was real or just my imagination. On the other hand, other kids were with me and all saw it.  
I once wore a maroon shirt to a zoo whose uniforms were maroon. I attracted the animals everywhere I went. This is probably the right answer. 
There's historical accounts of some of them lasting for several minutes and moving around doing all kinds of weird stuff, from boiling water in a nearby bucket to devastating explosions. Observing them out in the open like in OP's story is quite risky, you're much better off staying inside the car when it comes to lightning. 
I just googled it and you're right, not a chameleon. I think it was an Anole.  
Yeah, its called ball lightning. It can pass through windows, and is SCARY SHIT. 
Brugmansia are terrifying! Not two days ago I read a "trip report" about some dude who took Brugmansia tea he made out of TWO LEAVES *AND* TWO FLOWERS (one leaf per 32oz+ of water is MORE than enough), and the guy ended up crashing knee-first through a plate glass window and then ripped the back door to his house off its hinges with his own two hands. Shit is terrifying. 
And it was a Shiny, too! What a missed opportunity. 
That's a chalk line. Sounds better than someone catching him and spray painting him which is what I first thought.  
I have just spent twenty minutes trying to understand what way he flexed in order to see his buttcrack, by twisting up a teddy bear.  
I have a cousin who lives in Kentucky that has a petting zoo.  She has a kangaroo, an alpaca, a camel, and various other animals you'd not normally see in Kentucky.  She's brought the kangaroo with her to family reunions a couple of times. 
I think this is still possible occasionally? I remember last year when WWE broadcast from the UK someone picked up the raw feed and streamed it live online and you could sometimes hear the commentators during commercial breaks. It's fun to watch.  
The real question here is who threw away a whole Chik-fil-A sandwich? 
Oh Damn. Its 1:30 am here and while I was reading the last sentence my dad started shouting in his dream. Almost shat myself. Almost. Phew.   
He was fishing with mates. They saw him go overboard.  
Me too. The picture of cows laying on their backs, trying to defend themselves with their feet was also very absurd. 
Yeah but this breaks rule 3 and four.  Only two crows to a fight and only one fight at a time. 
Why would "adolescent" aliens *not* do shit like this? Maybe it's my trash human brain trying to understand by relation to what I know, but hell. Kids are kids.    Unless they're transcendental plasma beings I suppose. 
I'm no liquidologist, but if you had two very viscous liquids, the less dense of the two being black, and you poured the white liquid on top of the black liquid, I figure this could happen. 
Sorry Tim.  Some advice, kick your heels off when you're walking down the street at 3am with a few drinks in ya.  That way I'm less likely to notice you swaying. 
The other is Southern California. I woke up to one 15 feet away while backpacking in Cespi. They are massive!  
I lived in Korea for a few years and the road to my house was rice paddies and fields and some forest. One time I was driving home late, and out of the forest stepped an old woman with long white hair, wearing white traditional korean farmers clothes. My headlights landed just as she stepped out. I floored it around her and headed home.    No one believed me. 3 years later I saw her walking down tne street in the same clothes and a few friends were with me and we had a good laugh. I really thought Id seen a ghost. I feel pretty bad for speeding past her at 10pm now. 
And so soon after the cue ball? Dammit, quantum tunneling. ~~Your~~ You're supposed to be statistically impossible. 
LOL, and of course it's the guitar pick you juuuuuuuuuuuust bought. 
Yes. Also the kitchen was recently redone and it still never turned up.  
It's probably an open secret, or like, secret from the kids or something. My friend who used to smoke would always tell her then-4yo kid, "Mommy's just going outside for some fresh air."  
I wasn't walking about 2 blocks from my house to 711 one night when a very low helicopter shone its light on me like that. A voice over the loudspeaker told me to get back inside immediately. I guess they were looking for someone dangerous.  
Not from KC, but I live on that side of the state. You sure it's a civil war uniform? There's a fort around that area that does a living history thing. He could volunteer there, or he could volunteer at a museum or in Lecompton. That area, especially Lawrence has a pretty deep, significant history in the civil war as well as in the territorial era. 
More like a horror. OP wouldn't be living to tell this story if he decided to fuck with whatever freaky ghost bitch decided to join him. He did the right thing.  
Oh. Even the laughter of a 3 year old at 3am is terrifying.  
My maternal grandmother drank coffee like it was water. I don't think I ever saw her in her house without a mug of the stuff nearby.   Neither my mother nor myself are big coffee drinkers. Coffee gets made in our house only when we have guests that want it. Despite this, we occasionally smell a strong coffee aroma around the house, or even while driving down the road (and we live in the country so it's not like we're passing a Starbucks and smell coffee, more like driving through a huge cornfield surrounded by soybean fields and suddenly it's like somebody is brewing coffee in the backseat). This happens once a every 1-2 months.   Mom says it's her mother coming to visit her, then gets upset because she explicitly tells all her loved ones not to come back and haunt her.  
Yeah I get that, only it's always the shape of a person I see.  Doesn't even end up being shadows, just a blank wall my mind somehow generated an intruder on.  
oh my god, just picturing my little cat doing that breaks my heart. must've been really tough for you. 
Oh, *really*?   Let's say you and I go *toe-to-toe* on bird law and see who comes out the victor? 
LPT: when going to the zoo, where the same color shirt as the staff uniforms 
Yeah anoles are pretty jumpy! Most reptiles are cold-blooded and need warm weather to survive. If they get too cold, they can go into a sleep state or die. I don't think one would survive weeks in hibernation, but it is possible that another anoles got stuck in the snow before you discovered it and warmed it up. Anoles can survive weeks brumating, but I don't think they could go for so long at freezing temperatures. 
Ball lighting chasing some teenagers through some woods could make a good low budget movie. 
Nah, shiny mice are green. This was clearly a sonic sighting. It's easy to mistake a hedgehog for a mouse at those speeds. 
My dad used to do that to vermin. He had a live trap, and if he caught one, he'd spray-paint it bright yellow and release it on the back edge of our property. If he caught it again, he'd drown it.  No idea why he thought rodents deserve a two-strike policy. 
Did you ever ask him if he actually know what was happening? Or was it just in case it was your granma coming to tell you guys to go to bed?  
Kentucky Down Under? I took a field trip there in elementary school. 
I think it just depends on whether the feed is scrambled. Most of it is these days :( 
I did that once. It was a stressful day and I just wanted to enjoy a spicy Chicken sandwich. The bag broke which ruined the fries I was really looking forward to so I was already pretty upset. Then the first bite into the sandwich was that weird chewy feeling where maybe there's a tendon or something* that your teeth can't bite through and it grossed me out so I quit and gave up on the treat I bought myself.   Just wanted to vent about that 
From northwestern Iowa. We get a cougar every couple years wandering through neighborhoods. Last one they killed in front of a school bus.  
Holy shit, maybe you missed some follow up story or something? 
Heck, it might've just been out for a walk and decided to pull a prank before heading home. If it was there in the morning, the zoo would never know. 
Or perhaps 3 What's New Pussycats, and it's just a really long song. 
Also if there was some reactive contaminant in the mixing vessel...which he probably wouldn't have known of. 
What else happened? If you don't mind sharing, of course.  
I feel like with the amount of picks I have purchased throughout the years, my bedroom floor would be covered in them. But I can't find a damned one of them.  
Right into the black hole that cars have next to their seats huh? 
Where do you guys live? I want to make sure I never go there. 
Do we really have to assume that all ghosts are murdering assholes? Why cant they just be chilling watching game of thrones with us once in a while. 
I know right? Not even to try to figure it out or anything, just to have a cool story to tell. I wish I had weird/cool life events like that to tell others. My go-to "interesting story" I tell others is about the time I tripped while running down the stairs and sprained my ankle for a week. I would trade my sprained ankle story for freaky doppelganger story in a heartbeat.  
My mom grew up in Babylon, NY, and her cousins lived next door to the "horror" house in Amityville. They talk all the time about how obviously weird the family who claimed to be haunted was, and love to bitch about how the exterior door the family claimed creaked and slammed always was loose and just needed to be fixed. I believe that at some point they claimed someone knocked on their door late at night and disappeared or something, because my mom always tells the story about how it was her cousins boyfriend who wanted to drunkenly meet the neightbors, but decided they were freaks and stumbled off again quickly.  
Just enjoy all the people asking you where the bathrooms are.  Animals aren't the only ones trained by shirt color.   
I saw ball lightning one morning while I was on an exercise walk through a cemetery.  Scarier than shit.  Fortunately I wasn't alone. Just before Dawn. 
I was reading through like damn this sounds kinda cool maybe I'll tr-oke nevermind maybe we'll leave chowing down on hallucinogenic garden plants for another day... 
Can one of you draw? A drawing would be nice, since there isn't a photo.  
Yeah. He knew. I was young and didn't know much about them. Just knew I should be afraid of them. Smell of rotting meat can be a sign that one is near. He knew this and reacted. The smell lingered for about ten mins then went away. Followed by dogs barking like crazy again.  
We have unscramblers galore in Bolivia. They even get monthly updates to keep up with the new codes.   Pretty sure you can do that with UK signals, too. It's obviously illegal, though.  
That's okay, I lose my appetite when I hit those chewy spots too. Sorry your treat didn't work out. 
I'm pretty sure they're just trying to deny it to keep peace since it's getting pretty close to the actual town. No darker conspiracy.  
You know it's true love when they pat your back while you puke  
You appear to have a tenuous grasp of the English language  
My imagination says that last crow pecking at the already dead crow was the grieving mother of a baby crow killed by the said crow.  
Cherish it. When I was a kid my sister accidentally let the parrot out of the house. Within seconds a murder of crows tore him up. As if they had been waiting. They didn't posture, no preamble, didn't try to eat him, they just killed him and flew away. Seconds. Crows are savage 
They must live in Los Santos Tryin to make a change :-\ 
*"Since I'm haunting the place, can I get your Wi-Fi password?"* 
My mom always tells me that when I was born she thought I was abducted by aliens. 
Shit like that is more common than people realize. Alien abduction is a little extreme. But post-partum depression can fuck a woman up. Sometimes they can't rationalize why they aren't enamoured with the new baby, and instead feeling all these terrible feelings. Many consider, and some conclude (pathologically), that this is not their baby. Usual explanation they come up with is an innocent mistake by a nurse. But with hospitals today it's extremely unlikely. And with DNA testing and all, easily verifiable. 
Or faked his own death and took on a new identity to start a new life? 
Thanks, very much appreciated.  11 years goes by quickly, and while I miss her as much today as that day, it does turn into the "new" normal and you stop hating the world.  Hopefully some random redditer runs across the story when they've got a lot of grief and it brings them some comfort too. 
Maybe he's on Reddit.  Didn't that one guy who did an AMA say he faked his death from a boating accident  
it's different' but it's been 6,5 years for my brother and it's just hit me now that while I miss him like crazy, he's okay. I know it was scary and I know cancer sucks but he is so okay and I just miss him.  I used to get really strong dreams about him whenever I was having a really difficult time or something bad in my life was happening. The dreams would be different in details but basically he would come and say he loved me and that he wasn't angry at me and how much he just loves me. A few months ago i had a strong sense of him and just kinda... told him that although I miss him he doesn't have to stay around for me. That it's okay to just go and I'll be okay.   This is all really rambling, and I'm crying my eyes out but I'm also smiling really wide. Thank you for sharing your story. Thanks for giving me some peace about my brother. 
Oh man I'd kill for an extra hour of ~~sleep~~ watching old tv show reruns and playing with my phone. 
It's not even one of the Tolkien languages people have heard of, so you get a useless L2 and a bunch of Tolkien nerds stalking you because you're the world expert on Avarin. 
He'd clean the entire house thoroughly, then take all of the trash, dust, and misplaced items he's collected and toss them all into one important room. It would probably be most effective in a bathroom or bedroom.   The genie could also "clean" the house of some things that would bother you if they went missing- batteries, some lightbulbs, a remote, maybe a door. 
I see a loophole here. Buy one of those two dollar toy cars, classify it as 'your car', trade that in for a 1986 Datsun, sell the 1986 Datsun, repeat, profit. 
what if you accidently rip off one of your nails? you're fucked dude.  
"Oh no, I can't find Spot!"  *Arf arf arf*  "Aw fuck..." 
Yes, but it still has the texture of ass and back hair. 
This reminds me of the "shitty super powers" game I used to play with my friends whenever we went to to all-night diner after a closing shift. My favorite one was telekinesis, but only within the context of making soup.  Other winners included: - creating sexual tension - always knowing how old a person is - being able to turn on lights with your mind, but not off again  
Would it also throw the smell? If so, I choose this one too. 
I did this today... I work in a oil refinery and they WILL NOT lemme in without my badge... And I forgot it... Had to drive 45 minutes home to get it and then 45 back... Lost $50.... :( 
But the catch is that they don't suck; they actually do blow. 
$500 is a life changing amount of money for me right now.  
I used to fantasise about having the power to know where every bit of dropped currency was in whatever city I was currently in. I would then realise I'd rather just have the power to give myself lots of money without having to walk around for it. 
Could substantially change your life, though.  You could use it to get laid a shitton, especially in tourist heavy areas.  You would speak the first language of every foreign girl in the bar.  That would be life-altering.  In more ways than one. 
What if you're in a room with the door closed and it's outside the room? 
Dump it into the self-checkout at your grocery store, or wherever. It'll take a few months to burn through that much change, but it's free, and using the self-checkout avoids the burning judgement of a minimum wage cashier. 
There's not always an arrow, sometimes it's just an icon on the dial.  AND ON MY PARENTS' 05 SUBURBAN, IT'S ON THE WRONG DAMN SIDE.  That is all. 
I had a professor in college who only owned black slacks, brown dress shoes and white button-up shirts (the kind that are formal, but don't have an actual collar, so no ties ever). He owned a lot of each (showed us a picture of his closet), but it was all the same outfit. Great, smart guy but you're right, he was SUPER cartoonish.  
Shit aspect: one minute into your shit, a guy in a wheelchair rolls into the bathroom. Every time. 
"This is the last one"  "Id like a sandwich"  "Here's a fucking bullet to the head"  "Thanks" 
Definitely shitty when you're on a long drive by yourself 
That would harm me so badly. I'm obsessed with the old arcade game Snake.  
Call Vector Control in your county and say there are a metric crap-ton of mosquitoes hatching because of all the water.  Be sure to mention Zika virus concerns.  They'll shut that down quickly. 
It's okay we'll just steal this question, reword it slightly, and ask it tomorrow while we have nothing better to do at work.  
The shitty part is that the genie is the one doing the other assignments. He dropped out of high school and doesn't particularly care, so the grade you get on them hovers just barely above failing. 
The shitty part: one of your more senior relatives cleans it up every time, complaining about it constantly 
Wish granted, but it doesn't fly.  Instead, it drunkenly staggers about breaking things and trying to fuck your wife. Also, it's inexplicably racist. 
A small portion of your wish shall be granted. I just upvoted all your reddit activity of the last 20 days. Have I done well? 
You didn't specify what stuff or where it comes out, so now every time someone sneezes, you shit your pants. 
Nah, the real wish here is to have chik fil a open on Sundays 
But that wouldn't be shitty, it would have to always be ar 5% so it's always warning you it's running low and is in battery saving mode, but never dies 
The kinda shitty part is that you don't have to go, but you still get reprimanded for not showing up.  
Too bad sleep can't have a gray area. Like, oh, you're relaxing and laying down? Ok, that will be 50% of sleep required compared to actual sleep. 
I think people are misunderstanding "kinda" shitty and reinterpreting it as "completely fucking useless". The original wish was fine  
I think you have *Shitty Genie* confused with *Satan* 
That seems like exactly the sort of wish a shitty genie would be happy to grant. Sure you could be rich, but only in a assortment of 1986 Datsuns and you must progessively go forth to travel the states until none of the dealerships have them anymore, or they're worth less then the 1$ hotwheel car.  
They won't get ripped off, because then they won't be the appropriate length.  
Who the fuck spilled spot remover on the dog again? 
WHO THE FUCK SAID THEY LOST THEIR 3 FOOT DILDO?! WHY DO YOU EVEN HAVE THIS IN THE FIRST PLACE?!?! 
Well, if op doesn't have theirs anymore, I feel like this could cause almost infinite virgininess. 
my favourite is from red vs blue   The ability to fly north. You have to walk any other direction though 
I imagine it like a magician, like Gob from Arrested Development..  "Ma'am, open that bag of bread." "It's toasted." "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?" 
My work is strictly about passes but they always keep a couple of temp ones spare if you forget...And you're nice to the receptionists. 
$50 bucks right now would make life so much more comfortable. Just enough to eliminate a few small worries. 
An Amazon review of Metamucil: 'It's difficult to fully convey how much I love this product. No single household item has so drastically impacted my life. It's like thinking that the whole world is black and white, and then someone flicks the colour switch in your brain and you see rainbows and Haribo for the first time.  That's how I feel about my new found bowel movements. This is stuff if legit, yo.' 
Actually, it's pronounced "mill-e-wah-que" which is Algonquin for "the good land." 
Once you give your dog knowledge, then it just becomes depressed like a human. 
I found a hundred dollar bill on the ground once. I've probably peaked with my money finding. 
Ahhhh but it's only after I've gotten drunk *with* them; so, I have to keep them entertained while we drink a lot, while potentially being mutually incomprehensible up until that point. 
Then you're jusr throwing trash at a wall, don't expect anything fancy.  This a shitty genie, here. 
Having been a "minimum wage cashier," gotta say, we're not the ones burning with judgement. 
Most banks aren't accepting loose change any more, only rolled.  They exist, but finding one would be an adventure. 
The side the little nozzle of the tiny gas pump icon is on is *not* an indicator of which side it's on, some just don't have it 
I'm like this, four pairs of matching chinos, four plain black shirts 
And when you have a quick sneezing fit in the car on a back country road, that would lead to true discomfort. 
From the people who brought you "Is a hot dog a sandwich?" and "Is cold cereal a soup?" comes "Is a pedal a button??"  (It's not) 
^started my period last night with PCOS. Sleep with tampon+pad, still have to get up every 2-3 hours to change both unless I want to change my sheets too.  
And if it gets really successful, we'll do it again next week. And the next week. And the next week.  
Yeah?  Well there's the old joke.  What do you call someone who went to medical school, but had a shitty genie do all their homework so that they barely got passing grades and graduated last in their class?  "Doctor." 
Holy shit! I did it and then I dropped the toilet paper roll in the toilet!  **I HAVE THE POWER!** 
My wife and I refer to any sex that includes biting,scratching, bruises and broken furniture as Klingon Sex.  
The dad only spoke Klingon to the kid, the mom spoke English, kid started rejecting dad at about 7, and by 14ish could not speak or really hear Klingon 
Probably the same asshole who took a bottle of polish remover to Warsaw 
Yeah but think off all the great olive oil OP could make 
Nothing like the smell of ass hair in the morning. 
Teethshifting isn't shitty at all, woulda saved me $10k 
"Illusion , Micha- oh yeah that actually is toast."  *It's the final countdown* 
Receptionists are the gateway to everything and everyone. Be nice to receptionists 
Shit, mate, I'd take 10 bucks now and be happy I don't have to starve myself for another few days. 
Nooo no no no no. A clean shit is more than just clean cheeks. A clean shit is when your intestines spend hours nurturing a single precious turd, which, upon its due date, you will birth directly into the bottom of the toilet. You will wipe once just to check, but you will find that it wasn't necessary. Both your intestines and your conscience become clear. Your body is at peace. That... is a clean shit.  An unclean shit... is the fruit of your unholy communion with el diablo - that case of beer and the expired frozen burrito. You can try to expel the god-forsaken hellbeast, but a proper exorcism requires time and dedication. And I understand, you've got shit to do and don't have the energy to squeeze out that last fifth of a turd. You get up, attempt to clean yourself, and generally pretend this never happened. But your insides will know, and they will continue to be displeased.   A bidet does not fix unclean shits. You need John Constantine or Shitty Genie. Or better dietary habits.  
Unless you're always down on your hands and knees picking up loose change, and end up getting kicked in the teeth anyway. 
You shall be called Sir douchebag, the dragon born. 
$2 for a years worth of inconvenience?! Even if that isn't your property it's still your throne. Just poo it! 
Can confirm, the people behind you in line are probably much more annoyed by it.   Looking at you, old lady who still uses checks, didn't even bother to write out part of the check ahead of time, and writes as slowly as is humanly fucking possible. 
My credit union has a mechanical change sorter. It gives you a receipt to take to the teller, and that much gets deposited into your account. No fee if you're a member! 
One person would just shit their pants seven times in a row.   Think about the pain that would cause.  You monster. 
Given /u/AlienVoice lives somewhere like London with a population density of 1510 per square kilometre then there is roughly a 1 in 12,140 chance of it being them. I think that's pretty decent odds.  However if you're out camping or something then you're in for a shitty time. 
Still better than spending the night crying in a ball of pain on the bathroom floor waiting to puke again. (Me, age 13-23, until I went on birth control.) I would literally rather die than go back to that. 
I went for a wiz in a coffee shop restroom while waiting for my friends, and my cap fell out of my coat pocket and into the toilet *while i was peeing*. Had to fish it out by grabbing a dry bit, and put it in the sanitary towel bin. My friends arrived to meet me, and one of them left their wet cap beside the table (it was raining heavily outside).  I recounted my story, and when one friend said "What did you do with your cap?" i grabbed my other buddy's wet cap from the floor and handed it to the first guy. *"I fished it out"* i said. Dude nearly gagged. 
Just to clarify a bit, the kid started rejecting speaking or listening to klingon, so the dad switched back to english. 
Every third bullet fired in the world then. You could get extremely lucky and have every one ever fired at you be useless, have it never work at all in a meaningful way, or somewhere in between  
If you have a paypal or something I'll send you 10$ right now. I'm pretty broke but I'm not "10$ will keep me from starving" broke. 
But then you get paid out by the tooth fairy. I fail to see how you could go wrong? 
A year in which I sit on the loo twice a week at most. I think you're vastly overestimating the size of this inconvenience, I literally picked the smallest flaw in my apartment. That loo seat will still outlive most of our society 
If it misses, you're totally being watched. If it goes in, who knows. Could've just gotten a lucky shot. Better throw 10 more to be sure. 
Long ago when I worked at a grocery store, I asked a customer why she chose to use checks. She proceeded to fucking complain to management about me after I finished with her.  Excuse me for trying to understand the benefits of using checks. 
My bank has a machine that takes your change and deposits it into your bank account if you log into the counting machine first. 
I have no other symptoms of PCOS besides that heavy bleeding. I've been on four different types of birth control and my PCOS powers through like a champ. Now that i'm off birth control due to my slightly higher than normal blood pressure, I get depressed, have regular cramping AND a heavy flow. Plus I can get pregnant with unprotected sex. Lose/lose all around 
Not really, there are plenty for sale now, and it's not creating more supply, just shifting the ownership around. And the guy I responded to was talking about moving around the country to find new cars, so that would spread out the effect even more so.  
Plus, depending on where you live, you'll probably never have a bullet fired at you anyway. 
Thanks for the offer, but I wouldn't accept it even if you did.  My mess to get through. 
I took a laxative and a stool hardener and they're really fighting it out in there!  
This guy only poops twice a week?! Or mostly poops at work...  Twice a week *at most* . Wat?  
You can make a payment with no money I your account. Checks take 3 days to clear a bank. They can even bounce and then you didn't pay at all but you still have the food and now you're 3 days away. 
As someone who also is a mental health cluster fuck who thought they had narcolepsy, get a sleep study.  Turns out I have sleep apnea, and the lack of good sleep resulted in narcolepsy symptoms. Tall,  slender,  fit, female.  The doctor was a skeptical dismissive asshole when I showed up because I met zero typical criteria.  But when it came to diagnosis time, he was all proud to tell his med student doing observation that not all patients present with typical appearances.   
Give us this day our daily Mead and forgive us all tresspasses as we did not see that this was not our own home... 
Plot twist, /u/Maoman1 is the Shitty Genie and you just turned away your kinda shitty wish! 
As someone who is living in Abu Dhabi at the moment, this is my go to joke. love it! thanks for making me laugh. 
**Edit7:** Wowee a second gold!?!? thanks stranger!!! 
it doesn't always work like this anymore. a lot of places process your checks electronically right then and there like a debit card transaction.  
Think of the sound that would make as he walked around.  Like swishing a beaded curtain. 
And lead us not into DUI checkpoints, but deliver us from hipsters. Amen. 
It sounds like something like this could be a good writing prompt. I'm gonna post it. 
Can confirm. If they run your check through the little machine at the register it was just turned into an electronic transaction like a debit card.  Even if they don't do it right there in front of you it is pretty rare any more to have a few days before your account is debited. 
Had those machines for 20years in Australia but don't debit the account. They send the details to a clearing house who insure the check on the spot. It will reject checks not based on account balance but based on a record of passing a bad check or if the checkbook had been reported stolen. 
My ex was scheduled to appear on Jerry Springer once. His girlfriend at the time was a topless dancer, and their show recruiters went to the club she was dancing at to pick up girls for upcoming episodes.   She agreed to film, and managed to get a deal where my ex would get to appear on the show with her. Behind the scenes negotiations involved coming up with a storyline and light scripting (the plot would be that he was appearing on the show to propose to his stripper girlfriend, and she would reveal that she was actually prostituting herself and would introduce him to her pimp). The show runners loved it and even agreed to provide an engagement ring for the bit.   So he woke up for his morning flight, turned on the TV while he packed, and watched the twin towers fall on live TV. 9/11 blocked his chance at white trash fame.  
My favorite is the episode (no idea which of the ghost shows it was) where they hear this wheeze. Most of the show was them freaking out about them. Come to find out it's a really fat cat just chilling on a bed upstairs with a breathing problem. It was pretty funny. 
It's a running joke amongst friends that if you see a white guy driving a yellow taxi in Manhattan, be ready for Cash Cab.  
I mean, if they're making you do things that you wouldn't do normally, that's literally fiction... 
Someone did AMA about American version of this. He said he had to end up selling the car to cover maintenance expenses. On mobile so can't find the exact URL. 
They piece together the narrative for these based on fan reactions. Social media is probably more responsible for keeping reality TV going than almost anything else.  They don't like the fact that that BITCH Alison is somehow still getting all the attention from Tyler? Let's work with that, and make it so that she's actively manipulating him and really doesn't care. 
"...we already agreed what it would look like after its done."  "I know but at least act more surprised!" 
I have no clue how people love his show so much... my gf is obsessed. And I'm like wtf it's so fake it's ridiclious.  
I was born in Henry County, VA and lived there until I was 8, and my sister is 40 and has lived there her whole life. Shining like that actually happens, but not nearly to the scale that it was shown. My sister's ex did have a cold water creek still and made illegal shine (albeit in Patrick County). Now I live in east TN, and everything here is legal.  
From my experience watching the show and other HGTV shows, they almost always make the wife look like a whiny bitch.  
Can confirm, Survivor is some real shit.   I had a lecturer who used to be part of the medic team. People got hurt pretty often, although it was usually the crew, since there's a lot more of them. But exhaustion was a big part of the cast's issues.  He also watched a fellow cast member drown, while on an expedition/day off on one of the islands. Those islands can be genuinely dangerous places. 
This shows how fake these show are.  It's a show about pigs and they're using bullshit. 
Did he just tell the *guy* that he wanted to be on the show so they just gave him a random item the shop already owned? haha Or did he borrow an item from *another* guy he knew? 
I always wondered if they got to keep the furniture and whatnot. Do any of them offer to pay extra to keep it or try to set a budget for them to spend on it off camera?  
My friend was one of the rubbish acts. He knew he was awful, the producers knew he was awful. He was only putting on a character for a laugh. He got called back for the novelty "shit act ensemble" at the end of the season.  Also, this is why so many people come out with shit like "I quit work to be here!" and are devastated when they don't go through, the fact that they've got through the untelevised rounds already has gotten their hopes up. 
I'm glad Bargain Hunt is largely real.  I think I'd have lost my faith in TV altogether if something as wholesome as Bargain Hunt turned out to be all staged!! 
Even as a viewer, I've reacted to that. They do a lot of stuff that looks good, but they don't do anything to the bits that keeps it running and safe. 
"Wait, wait, can we try that entrance again? I don't think I seemed surprised enough." 
A month ago Reddit told that the show was filmed in a recreated studio, due to laws pertaining to the filming inside pawn shops. Anyone know the truth? 
My fraternity helped in a build of a house for that show here in our town. Can confirm, Ty is a dick.   He just acts like he's god's gift to the world, and that he's too good to talk to you. Also, he doesn't do jack shit towards the build, they go off kind of like a Habitat for Humanity build. It was still a cool experience.  
My dad's good friend was on hell's kitchen too. because she had to wake up at 2 am and get yelled at for being slow, she actually cut one of her fingers off. they sent her off to the hospital and put the whole thing on air as a dramatic exit.  
I feel like this would have been a way better episode 
Those guys are so over the top it's hilarious. *digging in the dirt and finds a small metal object* "Holy cow! I don't believe it! This is unreal! *runs up and down the field doing cartwheels, runs in circles whooping and hollering* Other guy goes, "what'd you find?" *panting,  exaggerated heavy breathing* "I just found, are you ready, a metal bar!" *other guy starts whooping and hollering and turning cartwheels and running in circles* "Are you kidding me!? This could've come from Gen. Washington's wagon! This is unreal! Wow." Later on you discover it was a piece of metal off some unknown farmer's hoe. :/  
They clear out the store for filming and select people from the line outside to be extras during filmed sequences.   Almost all of the items brought in are prearranged.  
What they mean is that he's not outrageously attractive but also not deformed enough to have a good sob story. Perfectly average just won't cut it. 
There's videos on YouTube showing them getting recognized during filming. I'm sure it's harder for them to film segments now.  
I wonder as well.  Some of those kids are ripping the carpet up and poking holes in the drywall.  Some lady comes by with a chalkboard and makes them do chores.  All the sudden they are angel and can't stand to see them go.  And the parents are incompetent boobs who become parents of the year by the nanny reminding them that their kid needs a hug sometimes.   
I had two friends on the show. There was a lot of disappointing issues with the way the show was made.  They were very restricted in what they could do. Like not being allowed to go over that hill where all the edible plants are, or failures making it into the show, but not showing when they actually succeeded in getting a fish.  Basically, the survival was real, but they were set up to suffer. And of course the editing filled in when needed for the "story".   Also knew a guy on Dual Survival. It seemed pretty genuine, but there were definitely moments where you could tell something was up.   
... I can't help but feel this could become a kind of dark humor copy pasta. Two or three paragraphs that just suddenly and abruptly end with those last completely irrelevant two sentences. 
One of my highschool friends who is trans ended up doing a Springer show where they did this whole "I'm a man" reveal to their boyfriend. They had never met before. 
My husband worked for two years as a tour guide at Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia.  It was haunted alright - by bats, cats and rats.  Never quiet, always something going on among the furry residents.  He did a show in the rotunda, and the audience was dive-bombed by bats and a feral cat kept knocking over the props.  We were both there many nights locking up by ourselves, and it was damned noisy for a deserted prison....but of course the other employees blamed "ghosts" or "spirits".  
My favorite for this is Destination Truth. The host is an archaeologist and part of the Adventurer's Club. He does another show on the travel channel now that's a little less outlandish in what's being investigated, but with both shows they go into pretty nice detail about the areas they're visiting and some of the customs of the local people. 
Those orbs are just dust motes that are close to the camera lens and out of focus.  
Haha for realz. To avoid that pitfall, the producer gave us an address that avoided highways  
When you get into the cab, they give you a rundown on the rules, and you'd be free to say "no thanks" and not ride anywhere.  But it seems fun, so I'd do it.  I'd be annoyed at being hungry though.  There's no reason they had to tell to eat less at lunch. 
Not sure if it's true, but I heard they have that clause more in case they need to, but it's not something they actually use.  ie- they find out a contestant is a convicted rapist, they can just vote him off the show without worrying that a convicted rapist will win the grand prize.  
Wouldn't surprise me. Lord knows if that happened to me, and I was unaware of it beforehand, I'd sue. I like my furniture thank you very much. 
"When I say 'Hello, Mr Thompson' and press down on your foot, you smile and nod." 
It's completely random from what he told me, his tattoo really doesn't suit is personality and it's fading like crazy already, a lot of people say the tattoos they got done weren't done to a very high standard ie. not deep enough in the skin etc  
Are  you saying that all reality shows should have their characters replaced by pregnant 16 year olds?  Survivor just got *way* more interesting 
Holy shit. I'm sorry to hear that she was taken advantage of like that.  
The international version is just interesting  to watch, especially if you are planning to visit or ever think about moving there.    The Australian ones have essentially confirmed I will never retire there due to the stupidly high prices for real estate.    "Bob and George want a three bedroom house near the beach, their budget is $1.6 billion..." 
The way it works here (in Georgia) is, as long as you don't sell it, or make an obnoxious amount that you MUST be selling, it's legal. But they payed it off as being totally illegal to even make it. And yes, we do have some "back water, back woods" stills, I got one myself, but that is just for fun and tradition. The good stuff is made in stainless steal vats, refined several times, and in a controlled condition like a storage shed or someones garage.   The show was just all about getting ratings by pushing some ignorant stereotypes.  
A restaurant I used to work for catered live celebrity chef events. Several of them were winners of Top Chef or various Food Network cast members (not the big names, but members of the teams that swoop in to help). They would send our owner a signature  recipe in advance, he would show up with one of his chefs and while the Celebrity Chef was making one serving of their dish out on stage to demonstrate the two of them would bust ass and make a few hundred copies to serve to the audience once the demonstration was over.  
I was watching some American survivor like show and one of the guys who initially scouted out the island got bit by an extremely poisonous snake and had his flesh on his leg destroyed.  
That is a great question.  We outside performers just went home after filming.  I bet they did stay together though, just not same bed. 
I'm pretty sure my uncle was asked if he wanted to be in the show by his friend. As for the item, I don't think he ever told me the part about where it came from. 
I know that for Fixer Upper, they use a bunch of stuff from Chip and Joanna's stores.  The people are given a price to buy the staged items if they really love them, but otherwise it gets pulled and goes back into the stores. 
Best episode of cops was  "I'll get you bitch"  or that episode where that lady was so angry at her husband she takes out scissors and starts cutting everything in their house.  Even her hair. 
"I'm wearing boots of escaping! I'm wearing boots of escaping!"  
I'm glad he knew, I always felt bad for the shit acts because I thought they all believed they were good when they were basically being asked back for the public humiliation. 
Kind of. You've got to be either really great or if you're terrible you've got to be a character.  Kevin Smith, the fresh faced graduate who is terrible, isn't going to get anywhere near the judges auditions. Whereas, Colin Jones, the 56 year old plumber who's got a secret love for Spice Girls songs and is also terrible, is more likely to go through. It is an entertainment show after all. 
thats weird that just because he works for a company hes considered property of disney. 
She said she had no idea what day it was or what time of day it was. That alone will will mess someone up, especially after weeks and weeks like that. Then throw in alcohol and zero contact with the outside world it begins to feel cruel.  She said she spent all day in either makeup or hanging out with the other girls. The show centers around the guy, but when he goes on 4 hour dates with one girl, that leaves 15 other girls with each other. And if he just went with Girl A, she has to wait for him to go on dates with Girl B, then Girl C, etc before Girl A even gets to see him again. The girls spend exponentially more time and get to know each other way more than any single one of them gets to know the guy. 
We had Natasha Raskin as our presenter, Dickinson was varnishing himself up elsewhere.   
Not always.  A few people got lucky enough to have some decently impressive engines installed  
Pretty sure thats because you were in the target demographic. Doubt many 40 year Olds were watching that like "I'd be so cool bringing that to the office on Monday."  
They are *really* experts at preventing this kind of thing from happening. I have heard stories of people on big brother where the staff was trying to push them to trash talk on other people and they would ask the most horrid manipulative leading questions and when they tried to refuse, they held up their contract and threatened to sue them for not cooperating. 
I watched the show a few times, and always thought, "I'd be livid if they threw away my ratty t-shirts and workboots. I run a FARM, in TEXAS, I really don't care how lovely layered tops work with a modest heel, I need something I won't have a heatstroke in while I milk goats." 
I thought so too which is why I had my feelings hurt when I realized what show she was actually talking about. Because of the nature of the show it felt more like she thought my clothes themselves were tacky, not that she thought punk/goth/whatevers should dress more normal. One thing I noticed living in LA though is you almost never see anyone dressing alternatively, no dyed hair, no piercings, which is a lot different than I expected before moving there. So what to me was just a normal outfit was probably a lot different to her.  
Haha I actually have a feeling that might have been how it went down. I assume most people put together their worst outfit for the interview but I still had some self respect so I put on something I'd actually wear. I think if I had a pic everyone would agree it looked alright -- just looked like a movie assassin outfit or something.   Woot let our spines fuse together! Ha pun. AS power.  
I've actually thought about how funny it would be if they show the guy getting taken down after he walks out the front door, and then it cuts back to Hansen just unwrapping the happy meal the guy brought with him.  
Adam Carolla actually called him out as being a fake. Asked him questions a real carpenter should know. It didnt go well, Ty is a phony. 
Oh yeah. Plus the family was fairly wealthy and totally didn't need to be rescued. Meanwhile my friend's dad's house was still flattened. 
You can, but local noise ordinances apply. Of course you can do whatever you want if no one enforces the laws or you bribe the neighbors.  
I went there a couple years ago. There is the pawn shop where you could buy stuff like a normal pawn shop. Apparently, the Pawn "Stars" come out sometimes to interact with people, but not very often.  One of the workers told us there was another shop they did the actual filming at.  
Everybody that appears on Pawn Stars has to apply and have their inventory pre-examined for authenticity.  It's not like random people bring in that kind of stuff. They also pick people with stuff that isn't real, to try to make the show seem authentic. 
I've heard stories like that happening as well as of families who pretty obviously have zero money management skills suddenly get a house free and clear, worth much more than their old one. They mortgage it, waste the money, and get foreclosed. So all that charity work and good feels gone because the family ends up where they were heading in the first place. Another favorite is I've read people who did Fixer Upper would move out of the house and then list it as an Air BnB or similar since it has that 'star power ' attached to it. 
Probably about a 2. You sometimes get an actual documentary about animals, but for the most part it's Finding Bigfoot season 23 and Jackson Galaxy Cat Whisperer reruns 
...because the ferrets learnt from the dog. It was his plan all along to get famous. 
My favourite part was on the show they got all this cool stuff and then as soon as it's over they take a lot of the cool stuff back.  
Was it where she was dressed as a hula girl? I didn't see the whole episode just a clip, I have no idea why she was dressed like a hula girl.  
Josh Gates is definitely in my Top 5 People to Have a Beer With list 
So are you saying that the cooking show opportunity was false, and that they baited you into cash cab?  And that they abandon people hungry and alone and remote as standard operating practice? 
Hungry people have a harder time thinking and remembering things. 
Also on the x factor you usually have to have a sob story  
That would be me, but if they smashed my old stuff, lawyers would be inbound regardless. 
Like seriously, who the fuck thinks it's a good idea to redecorate and repaint a person's house without their knowledge or informed consent?  I'd be fuckin pissed too, even if it was a quality job.  
It must be "De grote beurt", what a fucking shit show that was. 
"HELLO MR THOMPSON"  *Presses down firmly on foot three times* 
I'm pretty heavily tattooed so I like to think I know a decent tattoo when I see one. I also know plenty of people in the industry. For the most part, the tattooers on Tattoo Fixers are utterly shite. "Sketch" especially. He's a glorified scratcher. The issue genuine tattooers have is the bad name they give the industry. Interestingly enough, one of my tattooers currently working on my second 3/4 sleeve said that one of the knock-on effects of the show that they have noticed in their shop is that they are getting fewer requests for cover-ups, primarily because of the reactions of the "tattooers" on the show. If a client thinks they're going to have a tattooer laugh and take the piss out of them for one bad life choice, then they're unlikely to want to get it out to show anyone. Aside from the actual poor quality of their tattooing, the way they deal with clients is just highly unprofessional. 
Survivor would become the prequel to 16 and Pregnant 
My husband started off passively "watching" The Bachelor because of me but now he knows all the tropes and can spot which girls or guys will make it to the end and thinks the show is hilarious. 
Oh crap! The real estate market has crashed??! *drops smashed avo on toast* 
Exactly this. I know it's fake. I just like to see the different house, pick the one I would like the most and then see how the renovations go. Although nowadays, everything in the US seems to "I want an open concept", with no separation between kitchen, dining and living room. And the kitchen MUST have an island or a peninsula. 
Nah, it's cool.   I do remember that show. It's hilarious to see that the most cheffy thing Aristos did was go outside and fang durries.  
See I'm kinda more okay with that IF the recipe was made by the CC. I dont think it will be very smart time wise to just have the CC cook for the whole audience 
People used to do enemas for medical reasons a lot. Tobacco enemas were a thing in the past. 
Nah, hands down it's gotta be that "I can break these cuffs" dude.  I was on the edge of my seat when he tried to break those cuffs. Turns out he couldn't break those cuffs. 
Wasn't there one guy who got a brand new car because his old one was Frankensteind from two or three different cars? 
I dated a girl that was on a failed USA network reality show "Vanderbilt MDs" where they threw a bunch of medical students into a house and tried to have a Big Brother kind of atmosphere.  She was the cute girl in the bunch and she explained that hey kept trying to feed her alcohol or get her into the hot tub.    However, she grew up in a very conservative household and knew her family would be watching, so she never did anything interesting on the show.  They paid for medical school and her housing! 
Yeah it probably went down more like "hey we got a literal potato in a burlap sack down the hall, let's cut the normie loose so we can get lunch." 
\*Chris Hansen turns to the crew\* "Hey guys what do you want for lunch? I can message the next perv from the bait account and ask them to bring some fast food." 
Adam was a contractor so that makes a lot of sense that it'd piss him off for some dude to lie about it on a show.  
You know you've hit rock bottom as a tv personality when you start doing mortgage commercials.  
That's OK, it's probably half made out of cardboard! 
Or if the town wants publicity and willing to make a concession for a short period of time as long as the towns name and some of its features are highlighted somewhere in the final broadcast of a show 
Noise ordinances aren't enforced based on who's making noise. 
We have the same situation in the UK with polish guys. Hardest working people, do such a good job, never complain. And a lot of people regardless still have the same bullshit attitude to them, that they're terrible scrounging immigrants.  
The show is filmed in the back room with sets that look just like the actual store. I was an extra on it before. They asked us while we were waiting to go inside. 
Go on any autograph or memorabilia forum, bring up Pawn Stars and you'll see people complaining about all the fake crap they've bought on that show. 
Back when History and Discovery were still decent, Animal Planet was pretty good too. 
No from what I remember they were all dressed pretty casual/normal. The guy put on this whole disgusted act, but anyone who knows my friend irl or even has them on Facebook knows they're extremely open about their transition.  
He definitely seems like an awesome guy. I imagine just listening to him talk about his adventures would be fun. 
"I'm just a small town country girl" ^^^whosedaddyboughtmemyownrecordingstudio 
Hey guys I just found this cool new religion. It's called Wurtzism and I think you should all try it. 
Right? What are they expecting? That the person is so overjoyed they completely forgot about all the other things that have been in their daily lives for years? 
Pretty sure doing a makeover of someone's house and getting rid of their furniture without the hone owner's notice or permission is very illegal.  
Yeah, if youre gonna fake anything, fake the reactions. Tell them beforehand, have em sign a waiver, then have him fake surprise 
The people on that show, specifically that Sketch guy, are universally hated by the tattoo scene. He also steals designs from other artists. All sorts of controversy about him and this show.  
That's a good point actually I've never thought about it like that, thinking about it though if I really regretted one of mine and went to get it covered up and thought they'd laugh at me I'd be seriously put off  
The woman always need a place to "entertain guests" and the man always needs a "man cave." Or it's just "not authentically [insert current county] enough." 
There's always that one person in the couple that seems to complain about every little thing.   "MMMm yeah I dunno bout this caaarpet"  "Mmmnoot feeling this kiiitchen"  "Yeeeah this one doesn't have a ocean viewwww"  
She also wants to live in the middle of the city but also wants it to be quiet and charming. Her budget is $12 and she also has a sack of potatoes.  
Thats true, but we really have no way of knowing if it was by the CC or not. And they *could* do a large batch recipe and have assistants help plate, but I suppose part of the event is teaching you a recipe to cook for your family in realistic portions, not how to cook for hundreds.  
Will you be my enema guy? You know, just in case I need one? 
Yeah. They gave him a new Scion or something that looked like a cube. He had a handicapped brother and some other kids he drove around for his mother. I remember this one pretty well, I felt super bad for this guy. He was pretty young, like 19. He was my son's age and he had a ton of responsibility helping his mom. Seemed like such a sweet kid.  
Behind the scenes: "Now remember, this bad boy puts out 500 BHP, your fiat panda has an original 40 HP, so never EVER floor it"  "...and the new engine weighs about 300 kgs more than the old one, so technically you can't bring any passengers" 
LMAO.   "Hey bb, don't forget the lube and condoms. Also, some Wendy's. I need a #2, large, with a Diet Coke. A #6, medium, with a sprite and substitute chili for the fries. A #3 with Sprite. I also need two crispy chicken snack wraps and a 4 piece nugget. And can you do lite ice on the sprite with the #6? Thank bb." 
Or payday loan commercials. *Looking at you Montel Williams*. 
Look at mr. fancy walls, using cardboard! I built my home out of toilet paper and used McDonalds straws! 
Noise ordinances are also probably not enforced when all the houses are flattened in the area. 
stereotypes don't help anyone. I worked with poles for years and like any group many were hard working, especially the younger ones. Then I'd go home to my house share with 5 of them, 3 were on benefits and two were incredibly violent alcoholics who I could hear drinking all day and often woke me up belching. They were both women. People are people. 
Which is the only reason why anyone watches his show. I don't think anyone actually expects he's going to find the Loch Ness Monster in a 30 minute tv spot. 
Trading Spaces used to air the ones where people were pissed. You should look for the purple house episode. 
Honestly, I always thought that's how those shows worked. Surprised that part is actually honest.  Guess it's not that complicated when the family is behind it, but still. Doesn't seem like a great idea.  
One of the tattooists from that show is also in a new one as a judge for best british tattoo artist. The guy is nowhere near good enough to be able to judge other people's work.  
You can tell the "fixed" one because it's a gigantic black blob haha  
I have a piece on my back that while I don't regret, was definitely a struggle.  The first artist I went to decided after outlining and putting in initial color he was only willing to do the rest in red because he apparently recently decided all dragons should be red.  I ended up finding another artist for the color and he didn't do that great of a job.  It wasn't a terrible tattoo, but it's something I'm not very happy with.  I recently got a leg piece done and because the experience was so solid I went back to him and asked him what he could do with the piece on my back.  It's far too big and black to cover up, but it can definitely be helped and he was really open to doing it and really complimentary of the idea behind it.  It was such a refreshing interaction after being unhappy with it for nearly 10 years because of how shitty the last 2 experiences I had were. 
Sketch is so shit. Jay does pretty good black and grey realism from what they show. Then there's Alice: "I want death jumping a motorcycle over a valley of lava" "Okay so I've drawn this flower..." 
God that "man cave" shit has to stop. It's like a virus of cliches invented by a TV show that's spreading to reality. You're not keeping up with the Joneses now unless you have a side room with a 400" tv, a deer head and a beer sign.  
Not always. There was an episode awhile back where the couple ran a catering business. The house they looked at had new metal shelving in the basement with catering supplies on it, a bed in the master bedroom, and landscape material in the backyard. Needless to say, that was the house they "picked" and they had already started moving in.  
The other day I was watching that RV show. There was a new rich kind of couple - the backstory was that he had "sold an app" - that was checking a million dollar RV. While checking the bathroom the wife said "oh, I can't stay here because there is just one bathroom sink. The thought of sharing it makes me want to puke."  Wow, just wow. 
Even worse is when it's like, "John sells artisan tinfoil hats and Sarah wrote the first paragraph of a novel six months ago. Their budget is $2.5 million." 
If I got the opportunity to hug Holly Willoughby, I'd insist on at least a few takes.  
I'm surprised they didn't just install a sack of gold plated potatoes. 
The "I'm studying and I guessed the answer to a question, checked it, saw I was wrong but yeah I kinda got it and moved on" style. 
Holy crap, how can he not know at least some of these just from exposure? I buy/sell/rent real estate, but I don't swing a hammer outside my own home (liability aside, I'm not... "good"), and while I'm handy I wouldn't consider myself anything near  contractor and I knew all of these (not as well as Adam, but I know the general idea). They're pretty basic questions. And Ty's question "butt joint vs dovetail"... seriously? The answer is in the question.   If he didn't purport to be a contractor/builder I'd give him a pass but what the hell... he has at least been around this stuff for TV how did he not absorb any of it?!?   
Shoulda made it out of bidets and straws, uses much less natural resources. 
And to be fair, I don't think they should be after a catastrophe like a tornado or a flood. When people are without a roof above their head construction should be allowed to continue 24/7 if you have workers willing to work that long. 
Poles are totally random, can confirm, I'm a Pole.  
I hope this is only "the stuff we did was not actually street legal so we have to take this out so you're allowed to drive your car" and not "well show's over, pack it up boys"... 
That show was terrible.  It was like they were trying to play practical jokes on each other instead of making something nice.  I saw one where they spray painted someones couch.   
I completely agree with you. When we bought our house friends and relatives were commenting that the finished basement was going to be my "man cave". I had to repeatedly tell them: No, it's the media room. It's where anyone in the family can come and watch TV, Movies, it will house most of the toddler's toys, I may setup the area under the stairs as a little club house for the toddler, and it will have theater like seating.  There's no area in the house that is being used exclusively by me.  Not to mention, you would have thought that the giant framed Mickey Mouse Club House drawing would have made them rethink their assessment of the area.  
Even in the video, they do it as much as possible. At the end she's like "please... Please stop... Stop touching... Stop touching me..."  
With a water cooled 3 inch lcd panel with vital potato related information  
Could he not have read one fucking carpentry book in 20 years just out of pure curiosity? How do people that care so little become so successful? 
How did it take me this long to realize he voiced death? 
"What do you mean I can't have a Playstation in the middle of the steering wheel?" 
There was one episode where they glued hay on the wall! Literally hay. Can you imagine how gross that would be!? I just imagine dust and allergies like crazy. Plus, how the heck do you remove that? 
"He's just representing the fact that he's been a member of the club for years! Good on him for repping his colors." 
It's just a job to him, and the $$ is too good to pass it up. It's not a carpentry show, it's a reality show. His job is just to yak cool-sounding words, converse with people, and act excited/surprised/sympathetic at the right moments. He doesn't give a shit about carpentry.   If it was a show like *Holmes on Homes*, where the host is very hands on and does a lot of the work himself while expertly explaining the process...Ty would get fired by the first week.   One thing Ty has going for him he probably worked hard on public speaking and how to host shows. Not a complete loss, I guess.     
"Let's count shoulders"   Or   "If you were a pirate would you have a parrot on this shoulder, or *this* shoulder" 
my boyfriend does this to me all the time  would recommend 11/10 
He just went from like 100 karma to well over 16,000 
I think most of us read "movies" then came to the comments, realized it wasn't, but didn't care enough to switch mental gears. 
Oof. While hilarious, his account is toast for a few weeks. If he wants to keep using it, his best movie is to stop redditing for a couple months. 
Had to read this 3 times cause I still thought you said movie at the end.  
Haha OP is trying to get serious advice but has to spend his time clarifying 
AVP isn't too bad either. Girl and I went to see the movie. All we ended up watching were the opening and closing credits 
I read the OP perfectly but the damage has been done 
I'll never be able to watch the original True Grit without thinking "I had sex to this movie." I clicked on this thread thinking it said movies, too. 
Use the popcorn box on your lap while watching a movie. As the popcorn goes down she will find the surprise at the bottom. Also then the resulting blowjob will be flavoured for her pleasure! 
The hands one is spot on. Too many people just leave their hand resting in one place. Whilst that isn't *bad* you really do notice how it is far from good until someone actually does it; then you realise what you've been missing.  
Yo, I thought I was the only one that used LZ4 side one for impromptu tonsil hockey! 
It works really well if you just scream it at the top of your lungs and stare at the ceiling when you do it.  Super confidence. 
Kiss the ears then go directly to slobbing her bobber. Got it.  
Do you... Uhhh... Do you want us to call someone for you?  
I'm going to sum up my stupidity by saying not only did I see "movies" in the title, but "movies" in everyone's comments and was confused as to what everyone didn't get... 
Every question on askreddit for the next week about movies is going to have "not movies" comments in it. 
Not gonna lie my brain read that as metal gears...It's gonna be a rough day. 
It's my girlfriends all time favorite movie so she never gets bored of it. Found that out the hard way. And by hard way I mean I was hard the whole time and she was too busy watching the movie. 
It only gets awkward if you dont sing along to "singing in the rain". 
If only there was a way to ask for serious responses. 
Are you saying I can dodge cum ropes?  I'm saying when you're ready, you won't have to. 
You get to see Tommy Wiseau's perfectly sculpted ass *twice* in the first twenty minutes. No other movie has a sexier beginning. 
TL:DR gradually move from an engaging conversation, to pysical contact, then lean in and move in for the kiss if they don't resist or reject your movements at any of those stages. 
Same, had to read twice.  I think its because the movie would also kinda make sense as a question, I just read what i expected to read instead of what was actually there 
This is how we know it is a legendary thread - when Reddit's famous poet laureate makes an appearance.  Glad I was able to see it "live" this time. 
no it's all acting, she's just pretending to be decapacitated. 
Someone please psychologically analyze this and explain why me and a ton of others read movie instead of moves  
I remember the last Askreddit 'trend'  "SIR, I ALREADY TOLD YOU THAT I AM NOT A MOVIE PERSON" 
Look for unusually long moments of silence where your just kind of staring into each other's eyes, sound cheesy I guess. Also keep an eye out for if she drops her gaze and glances at your lips. 
It's actually a really good move.   Granted, my sample size is statistically small.  
While you're at it, explain how this circle jerk is the number one thread on all of reddit right now. 
With my current SO, I literally just asked her "hey, can I kiss you?" We had been hanging out for awhile already, and I had made it clear I was into her relationship wise early on. I have yet to have a miscommunication related incident.   
I find the thought of someone touching a girls face, and then just leaping on top of her like some sort of rabid animal, hilarious. 
His username is his target karma haul from this thread. 
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in The Matrix VHS tape reel.  
Bonus points if you keep on screaming as you're kissing them. 
This. I just went "can I kiss you?" And she had jumped on top of me before "you" got out  God bless girls who don't drag you through the pagentry 
In addition, hearing it's "too short" is not a good inception. 
dude, they're not pictures, they're movies. get with the film 
The mods better movie into action before this gets out of hand 
Dude, they're films, not movies. Get with the moving pictures. 
Film, they're programs, not dudes. Get with the movie. 
Movie, they're dudes. Not films.  GET TO THE CHOPPAH! 
Second party watched you fall down a balcony, shrugged it off, and let you stay until you decided to leave? 
If there are people in a pool, then it's pool party. 
YOUR CLAPS ARE OF THE HIGHEST CALIBER, FELLOW HUMAN. PERHAPS YOU WOULD LIKE TO ENGAGE IN A COOPERATIVE EXTENSION OF THE ACTIVITY? I AM CAPABLE OF PROVIDING A COMPLETELY NON-SYNTHETIC HAND 
I'm imagining him running out without pants on with arms flailing behind him as he happily runs all the way back home. 
problem is he married her. That might've been his breaking point, meaning shit like that has happened before. Good luck to your friend. 
A few years ago, a friend of a friend called everyone in his contact list and left long, rambling messages. It was how I discovered my friend gave him my number. Fun times.   Anyway, he called his best friend - who was my friend's SO - and left 2 full messages crying about how he wanted to live in Middle Earth. Literally sobbing. He had a drunken breakdown because he wanted to be a hobbit. 
do you live in new orleans bc i'm pretty sure i said that a few times  
Last weekend I went to the clubs carrying a loaf of bread. I kept it in my jacket when walking between places and none except the last bouncer actually noticed. Bouncer is busy telling some really drunk guy he couldn't come in, I walk up to show my ID and he asks me what I have in my jacket, so I take out the loaf of bread, bouncer giggles and lets me in. From behind I hear the drunk dude mumbling "I can't come in but he gets to bring his stupid lunch?".  It was a good evening. 
My friend has a recording of me sulking over a girl years ago and I said, "I'm gonna kill myself in half" 
Yeah just shut up and sit there. Once we were all drunk coming back from picking up some blow and my buddy's gf was driving. She rolled through a stop sign and the cop lit us up. My friend almost threw the bag out of the window. I had to yell at him not to and just sit there and not say anything. The car was packed and I told everyone to just shut up and let the girl talk to the cop. She rolled through a stop sign, that's why he pulled her over, that's all we have to worry about. He wrote her a ticket which my buddy paid. Just be cool. And don't do blow, that was during a rough time in my life 
My buddy was riding home when so lowlifes jumped out and threatened violence if he didn't hand over his bike. He ghosted it into a canal (live near the Grand Union, England) and cheesed it. Went back later to fish it out! 
That's awesome. I have a couple of Scottish friends. The accent gets stronger the more they drink. I love it.  
Very good possibility they went home and fucked like rabbits. That's a textbook cuckold fetish. 
I used to do this all the time. A bar I frequented was opposite a late night pizza joint me and my flat mate would order from all the time. We'd call and order a pizza and when the delivery guy came out we'd run over the road and jump in.  
Happened at my brother-in-laws house as well, champagne EVERYWHERE 
You let drunk people play with your new VR headset? You brave soul. 
As a fireman all I did was road accidents. Busy night.  
"Hey have some noodle salad. Good isn't it? So anyway do you wanna buy a scarf?" 
Yeah, that's like, pro-level stupid.  That's how you remove your face and vision. 
One night I pretended my name was Tony and it worked for me.   My Korean friend Park didn't have much luck that night. 
One time I ate pizza that was left on people's plates after they'd left the pizza shop. Apparently I called it "garbage crusts" and I ask for it whenever I'm drunk. So I guess "floor pizza" isn't far off for me   
I have a friend who does this every time she gets drunk. She tries to hint that she wants to have an orgy with the subtlety of a freight train.  
I have done the whole busting blood vessels in the face thing. I was puking and looked up in the mirror and it looked like i grew freckles. 
Omg I had this kinda happen to me two years ago but it was pizza by the slice and a guy dropped his slice onto my back (I had a backless dress on so it literally stuck to my back). He apologized profusely and offered to buy me a slice or something, I declined, he just ran out, the cashier said he didn't even pay for his slice that he dropped on me. I paid for it in exchange for the cashier wiping my back for me hahaha  
Someone else in this thread tried to kiss a 40 year old and was 17.  
Hahaha this reminds me of my brother on our birthday (same day, three years apart) many years ago. I realized I'd lost track of him and asked his friend where he was. Friend pointed and said "over there, petting that guy's beard."  Beard guy looked super uncomfortable. I felt bad, but quickly got him to stop. 
what the fuck is a cooler if it wouldn't kill someone if it landed on them 
this one is my favourite. innocent and hilarious.  
My wife does this 2 to 3 times a year, and the way she responds "you do?" is so honest and adorable it makes me remember why I fell in love with her in the first place.  On occasion she'll also beg me not to leave the room  because, "you're my friend!" in the exact same tone. 
This is why I don't drink heavily, until it becomes the reason I drink heavily. 
Well he was obviously attractive enough to get with two girls in one night! 
yeah, pretty much how the convo went down except with a dutch accent 
It looks an awful lot like they just pushed the rack back. 
My first time in nola I hopped out of the car, walked ten feet down the sidewalk, and saw a guy walking toward me with his pants unbuttoned and penis flopped out, just peeing everywhere. 
I like to think that it's one of those "every square is a rectangle" kind of things. If you're wasted, you're also significantly tipsy, and probably have a heavy buzz going on.   Every subsequent level of drunkenness also includes the previous level of drunkenness. It's like building a pyramid, except instead of getting closer to the sky, you get closer to the floor.  
Three or four shots worth.  That's how I would quantify strength as well. 
Dude probably has some kinda plumbing related PTSD. I hear shit goes down when you're a plumber. 
I'm thinking that's how the accent developed in the first place  
As a brit living in the usa, even the Americans I hang out with get bored of hearing me answer the same questions about where I'm from, how long I've been here, why I came in the first place, whether I like it, whether I go back home to visit. The questions are the same every time, and get fucking boring to answer to every waiter, shop attendant, or person that hears me talk. If I could fake an accent successfully I would. 
If they can do that with their bare hands it's probably best to just let them keep it 
"I know what I'm about and it's standing in camp fires" 
Not necessarily it might be like those heat shielding suits. They are fireproof and stays cool on the inside.  
This is why you only do this at someone else's party. 
It's a miracle he didn't suceed in selling his scarf with that, honestly. 
I spent way too much time trying to figure out what "k rap" is... 
He just drops 'bathtub fire' like those are two words that go together all the time... 
No no, I want to hear first how this wasn't *a* bathtub fire, but *the* bathtub fire. Like this is just how New Years is done there. 
I WANT TO HAVE AN ORGY. PLEASE.  WHY DOESN'T ANYONE WANT TO HAVE THIS ORGY?  *passes out* 
I'm three years off of my brother's birthday. I had to stop and think for half a second if I ever got drunk and petted someone's beard. 
It was a joint venture. Pretty much everyone in the household screamed, peed and subsequently cried at the stroke of midnight. 
It's an insulated box for keeping drinks and food cold. They're typically made of plastic 
Like calling your teacher "mom" and living in silent shame for the rest of the school day.  
i've done that... then tried to correct and the recipient said not to worry.  
To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all life's problems. 
They kept playing a cover or Leonard Cohen's hallelujah on the local Christmas station, people realize that's a super sad, not Christmas song, right? 
Sadly, no. It's a human skull so maybe it makes them happy ;). 
Um can I sign up for that too? If these,are the types of gifts reddit secret Santa does, I'm so in for next year. 
It's not a pyramid scheme. It's more like a funnel.  
Turns out, there is no actual Scottish accent. Everyone in Scotland is just drunk all the time. 
That's what I figured... like.. Merry Christmas to you bud.. enjoy your door 
He's also the sort of guy with no leg hair after standing in so many fires. 
I love Frankie Boyle's story of the most Scottish thing he'd ever seen.   A drunk guy pishing against the door of a house. He finishes, gives it a shake, puts it away, takes out his keys and opens the door. 
It's the car dealership tactic:   First they feed you, then they take your money.   
So, is this a one time thing, need a new bathtub afterwords sort of deal, or is a dedicated fireplace bathtub? Plz respond quickly, I'm on my way to lowes. 
it was probably one of those styrofoam gas station ones 
They had the same issue you did and mixed up "piss off" and "don't worry." 
Well, if I stop drinking now I'm afraid that the cumulative hangover will kill me. 
Not just every single girl. Not even every girl. Every *person*.   What a champ.  
Now I kind of want to see a hieroglyphic of a dude using a beer bong. 
He's getting himself a house, one piece at a time. 
Can't think of a better way of starting 2017. He probably kissed more person in the first minute of 2017 than I will in the whole year. 
and it didn't cost him a dime. You'll know it's him, the shittiest house in town 
Oh that was Winston Bishop. We call him Prank Sinatra.  
Its a '16, '17, '18, '19, '20, '21, '22 split level ranch. 
It's 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33 mobile home!  
The Germans were meticulous record keepers, and a lot fell into Allied hands, at the end of WW2. 
I remember watching a show on History back in the 90's talking about different assassination techniques used by the US and USSR.  The USSR basically had to go to some extreme lengths to pull off an assassination with plausible deniability.  The US just needed someone with a steady hand a high powered rifle.  I can't remember the exact reason why, but I think it boiled down to in the Soviet Union if someone died suddenly it was just best not to ask questions so their forensic expertise wasn't up to par with their American counterparts. 
My roommate told me about this a month ago and the very thought of it is creepy as fuck. Just an entire town, all the ruckus and noise and then....nothing. There are pictures too, those are just horrible.  
Anything that serious won't be actually true "declassified". Shit like MKULTRA had to be leaked. 
Kudos to the tech who said "Three is good, but four is better" 
Do you have any link or the full speech? I would love to read that.  I searched around and only found bits of it in articles.  
If you think they'll declassify any relevant info, I think you'll be in for a shock.  
Why do you think governments are trying to regulate the internet? 
They did this in the States as well. Very very disturbing history. 
They mentioned this in the Great Train Robbery, that people would leave the factories at night so covered in phosphorous that their clothes would glow in the dark.  Life in early industrial Europe was pure shit. 
I read somewhere that the German higher-ups didn't trust their low level workers and soldiers to carry out their orders against the jews thoroughly, so they made them fill out paperwork meticulously, thus that is the reason there is so much documentation of the holocaust.  
The only confederate war prisoners that were executed were the commanders of the prison camps. 
the evil experiments they are doing today will still be classified.  scary to think what will be posted to a thread like this in 70 years time. 
Largely for the same reason, if the US were to nuke Russia it would probably send more than 1 nuke. 
I mean, doesn't everyone know that different police forces do this? There's literally a phrase for it: "agent provocateur". 
For some reason I love the idea of a nuclear powered rocket whose only attack ability is to fly all over the place at Mach 5 breaking shit with shockwaves. 
The scientists who come up with these ideas give them appropriate names. Whether they're ever actually used is usually up to the MoD. 
This could be the cause of the speculation of "Chem-Trails". Well, it's a plane instead of boats of course. 
What was crazy to me was the scale. Usually when you hear about these cult communes it's like a handful of people - maybe 100 people if that. This was over 900 people. Over 900 people willingly took their lives for a crazy idea. They also murdered a congressman. 
The distorted music does add to the eerieness of the tapes. 
he was almost certainly the guy who everyone else thought had the most boring job and only brought this shit up to be irritating.  
There was also a nuke accidentally dropped on Mars Bluff, SC back in 1958. 
Wait, so it could have been 200 times the size of fat man... fiddily fuck that shit RIGHT off. 
From what I can gather nuclear bombs don't detonate by themselves. They need to be triggered. So it just disintigrated on ground impact.  Meaning they are not impact sensitive. They get triggered.  
I can't believe that we survived so many close calls during the Cold War. It's a miracle that we didn't blow each other to bits. 
For most people the thought was "Ok, go to Texas or Mississippi for a long weekend, come back, tarp up the roof and go to work afterwards."   
It was very surreal. I was a senior in high school at the time. Was napping on the couch and woke up to that bulletin. It was too late to go anywhere at that point.  
I was listening to Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy today and you reminded me of this. "It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job". - Douglas Adams. 
I feel like this advice might also work in a non-assassination context  
The sixth symptom of groupthink is the illusion of morality, in which members participating in the group decision-making process tend to lose sight of their personal moral principles. Rather, belief in the overall morality of the group overrides any individual sense of right and wrong. 
You'd pretty much lose all sense of yourself and reality, I can't imagine going through that 
So the UnaBomber left Harvard in 1969, and that report was published in 1976. I was too lazy to read it all, but did anyone read it and confirm the unabomber was a victim? That would be some next level shit. If anyone was wondering he's 74 and currently serving 8 life sentences if my Max Payne trivia is on par  
it was mostly about trauma-based mind control.  Torture someone till they break and program them with whatever the fuck you want.  Evil shit, honestly.  I'm pretty sure the conspiracy theorists are right to some degree that kids are being run through this process.  I'm not sure the CIA does it any more but likely something more underground. I don't know.  There is too many terrible things in the world and I can barely stand it some days. 
Just "The 4th Kind" and it is a very scary movie.  
Seriously, what's the worst that could happen. Best case scenario you got a new superweapon of people who can look into the office of USSR secretary, realistic case scenario you wasted a time of a few interns 
Some odd million years from now some space squid from Europa will be looking at a barren scorched Earth thinking. I wonder what happened there! 
There was actually a similar interview on NPR recently (last week or 2 weeks ago). Someone who had been writing a book on some of the CIA's research in psychic phenomenon basically said that yes, the material is crazy to be researching, BUT, when we have the budget and the means to scientifically analyze what's going on, why not just verify. After all, if it turns out all the crazy powers and phenomenon are true, why wouldn't you want to be able to utilize it? 
The most fucked up part? His "drug cocktail" to erase memory appeared to have worked. While trying to find victims, only two were found because others asked about it recognized tattoos on the women. When the women were approached they offered to talk to law enforcement but had no recollection of anything even remotely like that. Then the moment they heard the audio from the tape the memories came flooding back and they remembered everything.  Last Podcast on the Left has a pretty good episode covering this. 
Yes, many of his victims were released after he got tired of raping and torturing them.  Before he went in search of a new victim he would typically let the previous one go. 
Declassified. Its always the act of revealing that is surprising.    Humanity are capable of anything. 
"What we're telling them to do is so bad, we don't expect people to do it. So instead of saying 'fuck that, no' we're gonna make them prove that they did it." 
Well the atrocities didn't become public for quite some time so many parents didn't know what was happening to their children. IIRC, most were orphaned children or young adults that couldn't take care of themselves because of their disabilities.  
It was directed by an alum of my high school so we watching it in a class and it's honestly a fantastic documentary. They really capture the air of uncertainty around the Crospy case and the feeling of horror that plagued Staten Island while he was on the loose. Chilling is really the best way to describe it.  
If you look at the time line the Tuskegee trials started 2 decades before Willowbrook and lasted almost 3 times as long. I would say Tuskegee is where they hot the idea to do the tests at Willowbrook.  The only thing more disturbing is that they started Willowbrook after the defeat of the Nazis and should have known better. 
Right, but the concern was that the 1 missile was a first strike EMP, which would shut down the ability to track other missiles and communicate with your own launch sites. 
Yeah this still happens today all over the world.  Can't legally arrest peaceful protestors? Then make then violent. Helps with PR too as it makes the protesters less sympathetic.  
Let's agree not to kill each other's kids.  Don't attack clinics or the medics, we both need to help our wounded.  Long ago people would trade PoWs back and take breaks at night, in winter, or during holidays.  The goal is to keep the battle contained and restrict suffering. Our soldiers fight yours, and if we get a win condition we stop. After all, we all had lives before this that we kind of don't want to be super shitty when we finish the fight.  This only works when both sides agree though.  
Another thing about chemical weapons is that soldiers can prepare and defend against them (gas masks, mopp suits) while civilians would be helpless.  
Jesus fuck.  The Sundial probably could've burnt and irradiated nearly everywhere on earth regardless of detonation area.  Holy shit. The dude who designed didn't stop to think at all if he should do it.  Why would anyone ever need a weapon that absurdly destructive, to the point you could irreperablly damage the earth and kill literally billions of people? That's just... Wrong. 
It's endurance is described in *weeks*. That's serious shit. 
The Ministry of Defence tends toward random names that don't hint at what the project actually is while the Department of Defense likes to give the game away on the front page, a bit like the Germans during the war. 
Also neutron flux/gamma radiation being radiated from it. It was a 600MW reactor, basically 1/3 nuclear plant, unshielded. Really not something I would want to stand close to 
A lot of them didn't do it willingly. There were guards forcing them to with guns. 
Once everyone who was involved is dead, the docs will be released. 
I think he's saying it won't be creepy because it'll be mostly images or files stating mild stuff like that.  
Imagine screwing up the autopsy of the President of the United States. 
Optimists believe we live in the best of all possible worlds.  Pessimists fear this to be true. 
Yeah, no core in it, though.  I lived in Florence for a few years, found out about that then...creepy to think about how irresponsible we are with our nukes, then realize Russia has them too, then watch a dashcam video from Russia and think...how are we all possibly still here... 
That's why they invented ICBMs. We no longer have nuclear armed bombers on permanent patrol. 
Cant help but think people would point fingers at the soviets too. Nuclear war avoided. 
From what I've read and found,  most nuclear explosions are in air,  meaning timed or altitude triggered. Don't quote me on it though.  
Isn't there any ethics approval for experiments in US? WTActualF  
And Beeblebrox was perfect because he didn't care for governing. He made the people happy. That is until he stole The Heart of Gold.   
and the less body thetans you have (through thorough and expensive cleansing of course) your Operating Thetan level goes up 
Yup, the Soviets. It was a serious consideration at the time.  If you fancy having the shit scared out of you, go and have a watch of the BBC drama Threads (readily available online) which dates from that period and depicts exactly what would happen to one of England's biggest cities in the event of a war. I was born well after it was produced and well after nuclear war was even a possibility but it still scares the fuck out of me. 
THOR was the name for the theoretical weapons system that the U.S was scheduled to deploy in 2003. ODIN was the name of the first iteration in CoD:Ghosts, and LOKI was the name of the second iteration.  
but doesnt acid lose half the power of its dose if you use it the next day, for example if you do 100ug one day, and do the same amount the next day it would only feel like taking 50ug? 
Hah, that's one helluva occupational hazard. "Spontaneous psychedelic experiences may occur."  
The flashbacks of being terrified by this movie are coming back.  
Worst case? An enemy spends the money and you don't, then turns out it *works.* 
Until some Jupiterian Overlord orders the Europan Army to finally advance on Saturn and it's moons, hoping to conquer and defeat The Saturnistic ideology because they are a bunch of dirty space cucumbers who keep picking fights for no reason and are slowly spreading throughout the solar system. 
Yeah I just read this dudes Wikipedia page and it said one victim had nightmares about the encounters but thought they were nothing more than bad dreams and had no recollection of any of the events until contacted by the FBI, at which point she was able to recall the events of her imprisonment. That's god damn fucking mortifying. 
Exactly.  It really bit them in the ass when they lost the war.  The allies knew exactly who did what. 
the higher the stakes, the more chance these gentlemanly rules get subverted 
The Sundial blast would've been the size of Texas. The fallout and subsequent nuclear winter would have probably killed almost everyone on the planet. 
There was a guy on NPR talking about Jones town. He said over half the people were either kids or elderly who would have had no way surviving in the jungle and would die either way. Basically the mos of the people had no real choice in the matter 
And you can imagine people being a little hesitant to raise their hands and admitting to accidentally nuking North Carolina. That delay could be absolutely fatal: someone's nuked NC and the military aren't saying anything. 
Damn, I'd go just to look at the sign. I mean, look how impressive it is. Really carries the weight of what nearly happened there.  
This and nazi experiments are why there is ethical approval now, before that there was nothing 
Even then, his job wasn't to govern, it was to distract the people from who was *really* in charge. 
What level is tom cruise & john travolta?  Ooh. And will smith. 
Smart of your grandma. I would assume they'd just give the kid a different name though (once they took her).  
I watched Threads once a couple years ago. Never again. I was on edge for days. It scared me so bad. The raw suffering it simulates it unbelievable and horrifyingly realistic. You can imagine all this happening to you in your own circumstances. I have no desire nor need to ever watch it again, it'll be sticking with me for a long time. 
Yes, it makes me wonder how space travel would be different if those men hadn't come back.  
Well it's not exactly 50% but yes, LSD tolerance builds very quickly. However with government approval and a lab large amounts of pure LSD can be easily synthesised. So whose to say they weren't giving these people MASSIVE doses of lsd toward the end of the experiment to keep consistent results? 
Yeah, that was quite the exaggeration.  These aren't even close to Google Maps quality. 
To further elaborate on the above. We aren't talking like a paragraph of extreme detail here.  We are talking like a full on page or two about him and his buddies getting off on watching his dog rape the victim in more detail than you can be prepared for.   I think the beastiality portion is what fucked me up and stuck with me all this time more than anything. But there isn't a "that's not so bad" part to any of the transcript     
Sounds silly but this would be the perfect defensive weapon. Don't attack us or we will detonate it and everyone loses. This was part of the plot of Dr. Strangelove. The Russians couldn't keep up with the us economic system so they built a weapon that would wipe out all life if a nuclear explosion went off in their territory. The problem is that once this weapon was built and the design known all it would take is some rogue state to say we all lose and boom. Game over planet earth.  
"I think the moon would look better if we added another crater riiiiight here." 
I had no idea this was in Guyana until you said jungle. I honestly thought this happened in the U.S.  
You should read up on Jim Jones, he was nuts near the end. Apparently he would give people Kool-Aid tell them it was poisoned as a test on a regular basis to see if they would drink it before he actually did this. 
Well, that's the most depressing sentence I've read in a while.  
Machi and her mom both fled to the US (they had enough money to get out luckily), so now her name is more of a reminder  of how close she was to losing her freedom and family. Her mom was also a badass sweetheart who swore like a sailor until she passed away in her late 90's.   I should mention that Machi is my Tia in the sense that I have known her from birth - I actually don't have any aunts on my mom's side, so my mom's lifelong friends have become 'Tia' very quickly.  
I feel you. It's because it is so utterly blunt about what it's displaying that it's so effective. The special effects are ramshackle and low budget and they simply didn't have the money to make it flashy, so what you get is just an hour and a half of normal people suffering presented as casually as a kitchen sink drama.  I know someone who remembers being shown it in school, which is practically child abuse. 
I read somewhere that procedure was that NASA would cut communications.   Imagine that, being stranded on the moon, just you and one other person until you suffocated to death. Scary stuff. 
There are very few things I know about on the Internet that I steer clear of because I just don't want to deal with them:  - this one  - and the video/audio of the guy driving along when a brick comes through the windshield and obliterates his wife's head.  I know there's a ton more along those lines but I don't go looking for that sort of stuff, these two both come up on Reddit occasionally and are staying blue. 
That was the philosophy of most of the arms race at a point. Dr. Strangelove wasn't just some goofy movie, but it was an analysis and criticism of the concept of Mutually Assured Destruction.  
They also assassinated a member of Congress who came down to investigate 
He was nuts from the start. I was there. I saw him on stage in SF around 1975.  
The idea was to let them die in peace and with privacy, not broadcasting their every panicked word to everyone on Earth. 
if you think there's not at least one division working on that tech, you're out of your mind 
There is Mutually Assured Destruction and then there is Mutually Assured Destruction via SUICIDE BOMBING. 
Which Kool-Aid execs have to be just thrilled about 
As someone who works in a control environment I'd imagine it's also taking into account that listening in to them as they died would just break the comms guy and ruin his life...  
Yeah, I don't see any reason not to maintain communication in this situation if the technology allows it. 
With all the free information we are divulging on social medias, they would know us better than we know ourselves by know most likely 
Sundial - when MAD is not both hardcore AND fucked up enough. 
The thing is, they were actually drinking Flavor Aid. It wasn't even Kool-Aid. So it's probably doubly annoying for Kool-aid execs. 
That's what I was thinking. I'd hate to cut them off, but if I was responsible for the people listening, I'd have to do it. Mostly because I would be afraid they'd be like me and feel an obligation to keep communication open and it would fuck them up. It's better for the person in charge to feel like shit for the rest of their lives than expect their subordinates to.  
What is it with cults cutting corners and getting off brand crap? Kool Aid isn't even that expensive.  
This was actually the same guy who named walkie talkie.  
I've recently realized the same thing for the word "movies"  "Look at all these moving pictures and stories... what shall we call this?"    "eh movies" 
 I call eggs pre-birds, or future birds. Root beer is super water. Tortillas are bean blankies. And I call forks ... Food rakes. 
One of the best nicknames I've ever heard for HIV was the "high five." 
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandles?    Philippe Philoppe.  
From now on I must refer to GTA-V as "stealie wheelie vee" 
tighty whities 1935, walkie talkies 1940. The dates check out. 
It could certainly be described as restarting, resyncing or rebooting it, just not from the off position. 
Since movies evolved so much I think it's time to rename them: *movie soundies* 
If you put bistro in the name of a restaurant it's classy as fuck. 
I don't think u/dpgproductions has been using his phone correctly... 
Ah this reminds me of the time I chased my next door neighbor and her friends with our pooper scooper when I was 7 years old, pretending I was a T. rex that ate shit. Good times  
Wheezy Sneezies sounds like a Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes signature sneezing sweet.  
I'm a new dad... I'm saving this in my dad joke archive  
That means something else when you're at a nude beach 
The sandals were called thongs long before the butt floss panties became a daily wear thing. 
Rootie tootie aim and shootie, omfg that got me. Thanks for the laugh.  
AND DON'T MOVE OR WE'RE GOING TO HAVE FORCEY FUN TIME!! 
What if you're using the Snoop Dog voice?  *Yo, zoomie boomie inbound dawg.* 
Guys, it turns out the Nazi party was *very* active during those years... We need to dig deeper. 
We used to answer our teachers phone like this "Mr. Barry's abortion clinic, you make em we take em. No fetus can beat us." 
I've binge watched it on Netflix all the way through at least 10 times.  
And when you watch them on a treadmill they are walkie talkies.  We've come full circle.  
And I might be speaking only for myself, but I don't think most of us ever realized this or even thought about it. 
And all this time I thought Air was just being silly naming their 2004 masterpiece, "Talkie Walkie" 
I don't think the rest of us have used it correctly. 
The teepee appears to have some level of absorbency. Cone shaped water cup, on the other hand, does not. 
"I'm on a dolphin!  Doin flips and shit, the dolphin's splashin, gettin erybody all wet." 
Be careful, you may get stuck in a loop of saying "hi, I'm dad" if you have a joke stack overflow 
Every beach is a nude beach, if you're brave enough. 
Am kiwi, never called a trolley a trundler before oO in fact, never heard anyone say that ever  
"I got a shooty shooty bang bang, hand over your phoney whoney and money holdy." 
Actually we have a bunch of slang that mimics Chinese phrases. My mind is drawing a giant fucking blank right now though.  
"Roadkill Cafe, you kill it we grill it."  "County Coroner, you stab 'em we slab 'em."  "Big Bertha's discount Abortion Barn, you rape 'em we scrape 'em!'  
Ice Cream = Milk on the Rocks  Sprinkles = Rainbow Rice for Milky Ice 
Not even in the same sentence. As describing each other. 
Iunno man, I just googled Detroit and the first thing that came up was a miley cyrus concert in two days... I think I'll wait it out a bit longer. 
And never heard a speed bump be called a jutterbar.... where do you get your information from? 
For a comedian to be so clean and yet make me laugh is genius work. I'm a fan of Doug Stanhope if that puts things into perspective.  I went to a Regan show a few years back and he was transitioning over to Godspeed which I hadn't heard at the time. Loved it. He did requests at the end which I've never seen a comedian do. People yelling "the big yellow one is the sun" at him from the audience, still makes me chuckle. 
Besides the other ones mentioned:  No can do  No shoes, no shirt, no service  
If little penises were that happy all the time it would have to be because they have those little hands on the sides 
Third...ed? I have been shit on, however. Never underestimate the distance diarrhea can travel from an uncovered infant. I was giving him a bath, picked him up, turned him around to hand him to his mom, and *pfbbbbbbbbt* I was covered in yellowish brown ooze.   
Judder bar. Not jutterbar. Because it makes your car judder when you go over them.  Judder. 
Wow I saw him in 2007 and he took requests as well. He even signed some guy's box of fig newtons 
Well...that's what the little shit gets for trying to pee on me 
"GUYS! WE HAVE A JOKE!"   "Oh wow, that's a whole joke more then we had for the last two" 
I'm on a boat and  It's going fast and  I got a nautical themed Pashmina Afghan 
Neither have I. It's on urban dictionary, but I seriously thought they were joking at first. In California, btw. 
More Absorbency = Less piss all over your freshly-changed baby boy 
Only point them in the direction of something you are willing to destroy.  Never leave one within reach of a child.  Never handle one while inebriated.  Hmm, yep, it checks out. 
How am I supposed to teach him not to piss on me then? 
Special Frozen and Avengers versions for your kids! 
Just wanted to say I'm glad people like you still exist   So hard to find a good poop engraver  
I just got expensive custom musician earplugs from an audiologist because I go to a lot of concerts and festivals, and boy do I wish I had done it earlier. I always assumed audiologists only work with old people but I could tell he does all sorts of interesting stuff.  Now I feel old as I want to tell everyone to protect their ears better. 
How long did it take you to find your job?   What degree do you have currently and how long did it take you to get there?   Have you always worked for the elementary school or were you also in research? Which of those would you say is more fascinating/rewarding?   What would you recommend to someone aspiring to be a speech pathologist? (I'm just starting at junior college but am deciding between speech pathology/sociology/music)    
As the assistant manager of an ice cream shop I know that sticky feeling all to well.   Another bonus, people love me after work because I smell like waffle cones.  
Is going the full route to become a CPA worth it? Especially with how difficult I've heard the exams are. I'm currently an accounting student, and I was basically wondering if working for businesses and such are worth not getting the CPA?  Another question would be is the job as boring as everyone that isn't an accountant makes it out to be? 
So, I'm studying Chemical Engineering (BS) right now, and I really like the concept of heat transfer and thermodynamics. What kind of background do you have that qualified you for this position? Additionally, did you have a really strong interest in materials engineering, or did the opportunity just kind of happen, and you ended up loving it? Thanks for any answers! 
I'm interested in becoming a nurse!  What does a normal day look like for you? And what kind of schooling am I looking at? 
Your ideas intrigue me.  I would like to subscribe to your newsletter. 
Why don't you look at journalism as well? If you're unable to get a job in your country, look at working overseas in international relations. Pick a party and volunteer. Look at candidates and help out. Be involved in your community and volunteer groups and charities if you can. Try and be in a leadership role of some sort. 
How does someone get into Umpiring or refereeing in general. My dad was an Athletic Director at my high school, but he never told me. 
I am so happy to see someone actually say they love teaching. Everyone always bitches about teaching and when I tell them what I am going to school for they tell me not to. I'm going to teach social studies and English, so a bit different from you but it is still so refreshing to hear someone say they enjoy their job.  I guess my question is, is the common core no child left behind problem that bad? Are teachers really that backed into a corner and allowed no freedom to teach how they want?   
I disagree with that last bit. Otherwise it wouldn't be very mobile.   *edit ITT: my numerous illegitimate children 
So were you like a computer science or engineer major before youtube? You seem to know a lot about coding and circuits. 
How hard is it to get in the field? I'm considering doing a Masters in neuropsychology, then research. What's the research like?  
Job fair can't be complete without the armed forces :)  where's the telemarketer guy? 
Yeah. OP was probably thinking more along the lines of "Career Day."  
I love cooking, always considered myself good at it, and that's exactly why I never ever want to do it for a living. 
It's the kind of job you love to hate. Kicks you in the ass every day and you keep coming back for more. I wouldn't want to do anything else 
I think /u/brianpepinski has to pay for his own postage when he wants to be shipped to Hollywood. 
It's really not that hard at all, that's the problem. 
Funny thing is when people take the link to be both ways. As a locksmith, I lost count of the times I was asked to reattach a heel or something. Sorry ma'am, I'm aware that shoe repairers cut keys, I can't fault your logic, but I can't fix your shoe. 
Audio engineer here.   Yes, everyone SHOULD be protecting their ears. I wear earplugs to every concert I'm at, it's just always too goddamn loud. Why? Because that's how everyone *likes* it.   The louder music gets, the less clarity it has. It becomes just a wall of sound. That's no fun for anyone, and that's where guys like me come in. To weed out those unnecessary frequencies that "muddy" the mix up, and to bring out those frequencies to give the highs more definition, and the bass more oomph.   Most concerts sound best between 100 and 115db, depending on what you're listening to. You *should* have earplugs with you, but if you happen to forget them, that's okay. It's the SUSTAINED EXPOSURE that will damage your hearing.  Please protect your hearing.    
Exactly this! I'm currently working a fairly complicated page with lots of graphs and charts, and it works perfect in Chrome and Firefox. IE outright crashes before I can hit F12 to open the debugger. I hate Internet Explorer. It is probably the single most annoying part of my job. (I'm a web developer/software developer.) 
To QA people: please, please, please be descriptive as you can be when reporting a bug. The steps to reproduce a bug must be crystal clear to the dev - "I pressed a button and the system blew up" is not a good description of a bug, we will push it back! 
I have a 4 year zoology degree, which included a semester long unpaid internship at the zoo.   And don't discriminate against minipigs...  
If you want to work in accounting, get your license. It provides immediate credibility and speaks to an expertise. The CPA exam is tough, but it's really just a gut check - are you willing to put in the time to learn the material. Don't need to be a genius to pass, you truly just need to spend 6-12 months studying. I spent around 500 hours (total, for all four parts) studying and passed each one first shot, and I was never the best student. Truly just a "is this person willing to put in the time"   My job isn't boring in the least. I'm sure there are some boring accounting-function jobs - being an accounts payable clerk somewhere probably sucks. My client base is really diverse and the services I provide are as well, and I am also involved in firm management. Every day is different, definitely keeps me on my toes. Now, that's not to say each day is the most exciting day on my life, but the job (at least mine) isn't the stereotype.  
Understanding chemistry and/or metallurgy will help you greatly in a heat treat field. You'll have to be able to read and interpret microsturctures.   When I was graduating high school, I really wanted to go into Aeronautical Engineering. THANK GOD I DIDN'T!!! I had to take a class of that in college and I hated it.  Anyways, I had my choice of any other engineering disciplines. I ruled out mechanical because there are like 80 billion of those already. I didn't want to go into nuclear or civil engineering. So, between chemical, industrial, and materials....I went with materials. I went to the library and research what the fields were about before choosing.   And, I've ended up loving it. In Materials, we dealt with ceramics, polymers, and metals. I initially wanted to go into ceramics because I thought metals were almost dead. I WAS WRONG!!! Metals rule!!! I have a knack for metallurgy and heat treatment.   It's such a fun and interesting field.  
Thank you! It means the world when someone appreciates the work I do. :) 
I worked on a step down ICU unit. Expect to have a BSN (Bachelors of science in Nursing) as many hospitals are only hiring nurses with at least a bachelors.   Feel free to PM me with any questions! 
I am a nurse that changed careers. It isn't that I didn't know what I was getting into (and you do clinicals fairly soon after you start school, so you at least get an idea fairly quickly), its that nursing took over my whole life and left very little room for anything else. I was working 60-70 hours a week, with little or no vacation, and I did that for 10 years. Also, I disliked constantly feeling like I had way to much to do and not enough time to do it. We were constantly understaffed, and, at times, I would have to leave someone begging to go to the bathroom or whatever because I had other more important things to do. I didn't like the way that made me feel. It got to be extremely stressful, and although the money was alright, it wasn't good enough to justify how unhappy I was. I also want to add that I wasn't a slow nurse or a bad nurse, I got all good reviews and was never written up or reprimanded for anything. AMA if you want. 
Doesn't look like he answered. I am going with money laundering. 
As soon as you start talking. Its not nine, its niner etc. like when you write strips you underline your S's, and slash Z's. Also you have to say everything correctly, if i said remain clear of class bravo airspace instead of remain outside, i can get fired. The pilot may only hear what he wants to hear and think "oh hey cleared into class Bravo" then when he goes into it and causes a problem, it comes back to me. 
Not at all! Fcing is my favorite! i live in a headset   
I'm thinking he means the opposite and was going to write 92-94% has yet to be explored or something.  
I have delivery help. And a few other things, but basically I'm a one woman show. 
Not an Editor yet, but on my way up via Assistant Editor work. No college degree, I went to one year of technical school, did a ton of networking, and now I'm making really good money. It's hard to land if you're 1) bad at your job AND 2) shitty to be around.  Lots of people get hired because they're talented assholes or friendly n00bs. You don't HAVE TO have both, but it helps. 
It's a well-known chain, yea. I was hired on as a "production baker" after years of fast food experience with other chains. 
I work 10 PM to 6 or 7 AM.  I love trying new designs when I have the time. I made baby shower doughnuts for someone a while back. 
I can if I want to, yea. I don't usually. I might have a doughnut or two or sometimes just a bagel. Some of my coworkers bring home several dozens for their friends or kids. 
I have eaten the buttercream whole but mostly to make sure the food coloring didn't change the flavor.  That brownie batter filling we had a while back, I could eat that by the spoonful. 
It's decent enough. Certainly more than I've made at other jobs. I worked at a sub shop in the same city and made 7.25 an hour. 
Read, read, read. Follow people on Twitter, read articles they post. Check out /r/Frontend, /r/javascript and /r/webdev and read stuff on them. Maybe find some RSS feeds and read articles from them.  If you don't understand something, read about it, and then write about it. Once you've explained something to someone, it's impossible to forget about it. 
Not all jobs need college.  Nobody can answer that question until you know what you're gonna do.  College is expensive, but very rewarding and can lead you to a great career that pays well.  You have to decide for yourself -- is it worth it? 
Find local youth leagues in your area, they are frequently in need of a lot of help due to lack of volunteers. They are normally more then willing to train people who want to referee or umpire. Through those leagues is how you can find advanced clinics that prep you for high school games, which pay fairly decent. 
Criminal. It is, actually, more boring than people make it out to be. At least until you step into court to argue your case.  
And from that day on, /u/SkittlesMacGee decided against pursuing his dreams, and picked up an office job in the city. 
It's the water, as well as the idea of a real hands-on job.  I've been SCUBA certified since I was 13, and I've been swimming competitively since I was 9.  So, yeah, I like water. 
Not OP, but pretty much exactly what it sounds like. Someone that welds while diving. It requires licenses that take time and money to earn, but can prove to be profitable if you are willing to put in the time. It is still a manual labor job, so you will need to consider how long you can do it for. Finding the right contracts can be very lucrative with people allegedly earning a six figure salary in USD. 
Yep, I have a degree in computer science from one of the top colleges in the United States, and I worked as a software engineer for Microsoft before doing youtube full time. 
Nope, everyone is very supportive. They mostly just think it's really cool that I'm able to make a living this way. 
Actually, ElementAnimation did the animation for those videos, so I'm sorry to say that I don't have any good advice for you. Best of luck, though. 
I'd say I work roughly 40 hours a week, though it varies. I'm working a bit more now that I'm live streaming several times per week. I work a lot on the weekends.  My friends generally are very interested in my job, its much easier to relate to the minutiae of my job than a normal desk job. I also get a fair number of video ideas from my friends, and they like that sort of limited involvement. 
Varies widely, but activities include playing around with random ideas in minecraft (sometimes as a vague as "what are some cool things I can do with x block"), livestreaming for 3 hours, browsing reddit a lot, checking comments on my videos, writing some experimental code, and, of course, building things in minecraft and recording videos.  For various reasons I can't/won't say how much I make, but it's enough that I don't worry about paying the bills. 
I'm a plant chemist for a metals manufacturer.  I do handle our environmental.  I have an MS in analytical chemistry.  Instrumentation is probably the 2nd best path to go on to get an environmental job.  Environmental is probably the first.  Most of my environmental work is done with a Hach UV-Vis kit.  A 10 year old could run it.  Some work is done on an ion chromatograph.  Some is done via complexation/colorimetric on a UV-Vis.  I also handle electrolyte chemistry and HF/HNO3 chemistry for our pickling/cleaning line.  Plus our acid recovery plant. Lots of titration there.  I also run the raw materials analysis group.  We use an XRF, remelting furnace, graphite furnace & flame AA, ICP, and spark-OES.  I get to play with 70% perchloric acid all the time.  So that's a plus.  I work 50ish hours per week and get payed about $80k per year.  I have 7 years experience.  I drink a lot in the evenings. 
Aww, thank you very much, that is extremely kind and even more flattering!  It's really humbling to hear things like that, so thank you.    Good luck in your studies! 
In terms of interesting?  Getting to work with friends who had birds of prey.  They're just fascinating animals!    Typical high school stuff: AP Biology, AP Chemistry, AP Physics, AP Calc, etc.  For college, lots of ecology classes, lots of field biology classes, a smattering of chemistry and organic chemistry among others.  A couple geology/geography classes, too!   
There are three* general fields: prep, production, and post-production. *maybe also marketing and distribution...      I work in production, where the actual shooting gets done. Specifically, I work as a grip: sort of lighting and rigging and support department. and yes, all aspects of the industry are pretty stressful. But usually quite rewarding.  
As another person who does film work, all you really need is to know other people who do it and they'll get you jobs.   You just tell yourself what position you want and you tell other people that is what you are going to do, no less, but obviously you can do whatever the fuck you want.   Eventually, you'll want to work yourself into the union which is Local 80 for grips, Local 600 for camera, Local 700 for editors... etc. Each one has their own set of rules and ways to get into the respective union. But they offer workers comp, retirement plans, health insurance, and they fight for your wages as well.  
I did phone surveys for three years a while back... 
Luckily for me, I'm not on ship. I'm on a military installation and I do get to go home after the work day. 
I hope this takes off in some way. I'm at that point in life where I know what I want to study, but no idea which direction to go career-wise afterward. :s 
The phrase: "If you love what you do, you never have to work a day in your life." is total bull shit in my opinion. Never ever turn your hobby into your job. Just accept that work sucks and that you need to sell some of your life to make other parts better. 
People have to like their mailman otherwise they'll get their credit card bills and parcels stolen.  Source: I'm a postman working for Royal Mail. 
For anyone curious:  The current set up is basically just a guide linked to a carbide cutting wheel. The original key and a blank are secured in the device. As the guide follows the grooves of the original, the cutting wheel makes those same grooves in the blank. The new key is then lightly wire brushed to remove sharp edges.  Source: I got a key cut and was curious so I asked to watch... 
 As a drummer that sits next to amps all day, everyone tells me to protect my ears, but I don't hear them. 
One of my most favorite and least favorite parts of writing software is fixing bugs. While you're fixing them, it's hair pulling madness and frustration that only increases when all the standard steps don't do anything. But then you fix it and for the rest of the day you feel like you just saved the world. 
I went to school for creative writing, too. I'm currently a bartender at a major chain resturaunt...  
"Don't taxi to runway one niner-"  "DID HE SAY TAXI?" "ARE WE TAXIING?" "he said don't taxi.." "WAIT DO WE TAXI OR NOT?" 
I know this may sound a little stupid, but how does one get 'connections'? Is it purely luck in knowing the right people or did you actively seek them out? 
Strangely enough, also a professional editor from Boulder, but working in NYC. Small world! 
Have you ever been tempted to make sweet love to one of the donuts? 
I will be thinking about this all night. Thank you.  
**Engineer:** "These wires carry a lot of electricity through them. We must be careful not to touch them."  **Lineman:** "Lol let's fly a helicopter next to it and I'll totally climb all over it while the wires are live." 
Thanks for the reply. Initially my comment started off in my head as a bit of snark, but that I came to a similar realization.  Now i'm concerned that I've doxed myself 
I'm a legal assistant for a PD office while I finish up my undergrad, I don't think boring quite cuts it. Mind numbing amounts of paperwork and going into court just to get your next pretrial date set or lay the factual for a plea agreement that is shit is the general opinion I get from the attorneys.  But damnit if their eyes don't light up when they get that case they know they have a slam dunk way to fight a bullshit charge.  
I didn't like welding in the rain. I couldn't imagine welding in the water. Especially in water with salinity.    
Yeah, most underwater welders dont last long though, usually 7-10 years before their body can't keep up with the pressure. That's why the pay is so high 
If the views ever stopped coming in would you go back to working as a software engineer, or try to stay in the video game world? Also, I love your videos! Good luck in UHC!  
Well I get all the info second hand Mr. Bling. I'm just a mom. They would probably kill me for messing up a conversation with one of the "famous YouTubers" anyway. But I promise the only way I even know your name is because all the kids in the neighborhood love you. Anyway, stay gold.  
that's pretty neat, always wondered how much time youtubers spent working.   Really appreciate the answer, and good luck in the future!  
Doesnt it ruin movies for you if you see how everything gets done? 
What kind of jobs are available in the navy and what can i expect in your line of work? 
It's Okay,  It's only 18 months.  I had the same freak out..  It's from December 2012, not two years.. ^ this guy and his exaggerations. 
Hah I totally agree with this. But on a different level. I like to apply for jobs that would be difficult to learn. If I dont get the job, oh well, but if I do. I get to learn something new, and I love learning new things. It keeps life interesting. Too bad, now a days you kind of have to have a degree for almost everything.  
We can't hear you either with your cymbal noodling.  
I graduated with a creative writing degree. I moved to taiwan. I spend 14 hours a week teaching English and all my insane amount of free time reading and writing.   I still make enough money that I literally don't know what to do with it. I save 1k usd every month. Its just sitting in my bank account cause its so cheap to live here.  
The "reddit all day" sounds bad but its really not. His job is to fix things when they break, but a good system admin will manage to engineer a network that never breaks. If your sysadmin seems to be doing nothing all day that just means he's great at his job. If they're constantly running around putting out fires then they suck at it. It's counter-intuitive. 
You have to actively participate in the film community. You meet other filmmakers, talk about your passion for editing, see what they're working on, let them know you're interested and see where it goes.      Generally you build connections over the years after learning who you trust and like to work with. It's a process for most of us, unless you were born into the trade. 
The way he abbreviates "you would" is extremely forward thinking. OP loves to be efficient, definitely would hire.  
Your flair is everywhere, Welding with salinity!! Welding with salinity!!!  "Screaming infidelity" song, ya know. 
There's a lot of serious risks that come with it. Arterial Gas Embolism, Decompression Sickness, Pulmonary Over Inflation Syndrome and that's really just the tip f the iceberg. All of which can be life threatening. Most of those risks can be avoided, however.  
I'd probably try to stay in the video gaming world. Move on to other games, or even game development. 
If anything, it makes you appreciate the good movies even more since you understand how much hard work went into them.  
The military as a whole has a lot of jobs to offer. We're just the militarized/deployable versions of our civilian counter parts. In my line of work, you can expect to be dealing with teeth. There's a lot that can be learned though. 
thank god! now I have 6 more months until I feel like I should go outside! 
I'm currently in college, going for a creative writing degree myself. I've heard a bit about goung overseas to teach English, and it sounds really interesting to me.  If you don't mind me asking, how do you get into doing something like that? What kind of training/proficiency/etc. is required? 
The emphasis put on "LOL" really makes you feel that he is laughing out loud, as opposed to the less sincere, bastardized "lol". 
this. firstly, i LOVE watching behind the scenes stuff. why wouldn't i? it's like being a fly on the wall of the big budget movies i havent worked my way up to yet!   secondly, i'm not very critical of movies, i'm a pretty easy-going viewer. i like all the big blockbusters, i don't get too caught up in Awards; i just want to see some spectacle, and a good story or some fun characters. :)  i actually kind of enjoy explaining to my SO or my friends and family "how they shot this thing" or if they're nodding to something else behind the 4th wall.  
You should be a mechanic, I am and I have a hard time pronouncing my name some mornings. I ruined a "defective" fuel pump because I wanted to see how much distance and pressure I could shoot water across the shop. Got bored a few days ago and was curious to weather or not anybody fucked with my tool box so I wired roughly 120vs to that bitch and went to lunch.    He doesn't mess with my toolbox and I feel bad because the porter got involved and she's such a sweet girl. She hasn't talked to me in 2 days now and throws my tickets at me 
The boxes say "sprinkles" but my family is from New England, where they're called jimmies. I'm so conflicted! 
I don't know why you'd get that much grief. I've been wrenching for 15 years and one of the big rules is to not go into someone else's Box unless they told you it was cool.  Hell, I've worked in the same place 9 years now and I won't go into another mechanics box without talking to him, even if he has told me mi Casa es su casa.  
My dad says jimmies. The way I see it, if they're just chocolate, they're jimmies. If it's rainbow or any other kind, they're sprinkles.  
Didn't Google start ignoring literal string / exact match quotes a few years ago? 
Another useful trick for forms:   inurl:showthread 
What's the difference between using "John Smith" and John/Smith? 
Google advanced search works if you're trying to sift through a tonne of things that are close to your search but not exactly. My problem is that my searches turn up nothing anyway so advanced search narrows 10 useless responses to 0 responses 
True, but this can also bring up biased information. Check the inverse search too, if possible 
That's how I found Reddit in the first place. After multiple google searches to my questions I would keep ending up here. So then I started always added Reddit to the end. Couple years later made an account.  Now I'm on here every day. 
Or use proper questions. Google can interpret natural language. 
So what you're saying is that OP should have googled for this instead of asking us? 
This might be too specific of a question but I was trying to figure out something similar to this a few days ago.  Would that work for a website that has overlays to blur things out? For example, if you wanted to see the answer to a question on Chegg thats partially blurred out? 
Sometimes the whole process is figuring out the right terms to use. But that's usually where the less adept fail.  But fancy features become more useful when you are dealing with names/terms that have multiple meanings. Products named with common words, or just trying to find the thing that shares a name with a much more famous thing. 
I trust Reddit more than many other sites. I can read a bunch of different opinions and be sure that I'm not being misinformed by a biased source. 
oh so that's why i enter captcha so often  i can't leave google now 
I don't think it ignores them, I still get more specific results when I use them, but I think it doesn't treat them as an absolute requirement that the exact phrase is the same, just that you'd prefer it. 
Google treats the slash (and lots of other punctuation) as basically any word delimiter, so `John/Smith` becomes `John[non-word character]Smith`. Since it has no spaces, then Google will not separate the terms and search them as a unit. The difference between that and `"John Smith"` is that `John/Smith` should return any of:  * John-Smith * John/Smith * John.Smith * John Smith * etc. 
Dear Google, what's that thing where the guy does the stuff with his hand, and then the girl gets that thing that smells bad? Thank you, from Doris. 
As someone who doesn't get the reference, just searching "dank" would yield proper results if it wasn't for meme culture.  
The more words you use, the more of those words need to be in your ideal search result. Similarly, Google has an easier time mapping synonyms and similar words to those chosen if the string is shorter.  *That said*, if your query is very close to what you're actually looking for, this isn't a bad way to go. 
Yeah. A couple of days back I was looking for one specific Back to the Future quote that I only half-remembered. So I searched "back to the future enough future boy" and good ol' Google found it, enabling me to make a low-effort shitpost without even having to remember the quote. Thanks Google engineers. 
If youjust searched "satellite with gold disk" you get similair results. Depending on what youre looking for too much filler words can make it harder to find things. 
Absolutely. For instance, searching "vaccines cause autism"...  
Sadly after years of watching people use search engines I would say minimum 75%+ of people ask questions.  
Same. Finding out about reddit has been both the worst and best decision of my life.  
I tried that, well I tried removing the overlays and it appears that they are just images being blurred. It could work, but I don't know.  
/10 is the glistening oasis in a desert of legal research.  
Teaching people about the + made me feel like a genius when I was in high school sad it's gone 
Thanks! I get so pissed off every time Google searches "verbatim" by finding synonyms, translating, etc... 
When they started Google Plus. I think they want(ed) to dedicate the + sign to search for user handles.  
I tried it a little while ago to search for products with UPC numbers registered to certain companies (within certain GS1 company prefix ranges) and discovered the cap.  
No, it's one search with wider additional criteria. The way you use it it's NBD -- what I'm talking about is something like 100000..900000 -- that shit will get you shut down. 
Even worse is googling something on mobile and the damn google amp page opens instead of the reddit page.  
Honestly, this site can be a gold mine at times but the search function here is garbage. So half the time I need to google something I add "reddit" at the end lol. 
Just when you think you found something cool, you have to make an account  
Yup. This exactly. If I don't add "Reddit" to my search I just get a bunch of clickbait articles. 
`"John/Smith" OR "JohnSmith"` would cover all variations, too. `OR` can be used, and it works as you'd expect. 
Every time my mom calls me, she always tells me about the movies she's watched lately. My mom has a habit of always forgetting the names of the movie but remember the plot very poorly, so she'll describe what happened in the movie to me in the most absurd way. What I'll do is google the movie exactly the way she describes it to me while shes on the phone, and it'll always turn up the movie in less than a sentence. Its so funny to her when I do it. She's like "Oh you googled that so fast! What did you type?"   "movie where white guys saves black guy from slaves and they go to the slavers house and kill everyone"  
Same boat. It used to be that this was an ineffective way of searching, but now it works pretty well especially if it's a question that's likely been asked before.  
Between one broad search and one specific one I usually find what I'm after. 
Your comment is the to Google search result for 3DGlobe.wrf. 
that illustrates your point well, though I've often found when I google that it's overwhelmingly about how trustworthy vaccines are. 
I don't know why you regard that as sad. Depending on what you're looking for, typing a question is frequently a good way to turn up a result of someone asking the exact same question in a forum somewhere, followed immediately by the answer. This is particularly true with common software. You being the first person anywhere to have a particular problem with Excel is like winning the lottery - not fuckin likely. 
I'm sure they used that example in your understudy. 
Yeah thats what I tried as well, with some extension for google chrome. What he was saying though maybe sounded like you could just access the forum without signing in. Not expecting it to work, but can't hurt to ask 
No wonder I was having so much trouble last week.  Why the hell did they remove it?  
Triple is 'real verbatim' and single is 'sort of verbatim with other crap google thinks is relevant'.  e:although it seems very recently they've even altered that and made it similar to single quotes and I can't even find information on it anywhere anymore 
Damn, what will happen when they launch Google Colon in 2018 
God damn I hate it when it thinks its smarter than me. The other thing is when it takes the one key term *out* because it found way more results with that term missing... except I was *trying* to narrow down the search to the small subset of manageable results, not wade through 100,000 unhelpfully broad ones! 
Is there a way to turn that off? I hate Google amp 
Reddit is valued at at least $240 million dollars, and they can't make a half decent search function. 
The trick is to read the most upvoted post that confirms your opinion. This way you won't see any bias at all.  
If only someone made a Reddit thread about tips for using Google and the first answer was how to view sites without creating an account 
On google, If you click on the "complaint" links on those DMCA notices it brings you to an organized list of each URL that was subject to complaint. This is a good way to find the mp3 or other file you're looking for, ironically. 
This worked beautifully for me once,  i dont remember what movie it was but it was an amazing view into technological advances 
Google scholar puts this argument to rest. You can literally search "thimerosal" and read the abstracts of the top cited papers.  You don't even have to understand the study, abstracts are often written in plain English and are easy to digest. 
I have had decent google fu for years now, and once in a while the old way gets me nowhere and I'll end up just typing a question like google is god. It actually works. 
Google's put in a lot of effort to try and give good results to the less-skilled searchers that only search using questions. I've noticed that questions work really well if they're "when...?" sort of questions. I've had less impressive results with other question-words, but still use them from time to time. 
My wife Googles literal questions. I use keywords. She sucks at Google. 
Just use quotation marks.. "adidas" "running shoes" 
You forgot a critical step: go up a row or 2 and delete *that* code, not the code that is initially highlighted 
Even simpler: right click the offending element and click "block with uBlock Origin". No need to go up to the toolbar and grab the element picker that way.   I suppose if the element is difficult to get to and you need it highlighted, that's the better way to go, but then you can click "pick" from the screen that pops up anyway.  
Yeah she would. She likes the front door and the back door. 
Happened back when they released Google+, so probably because it interfered with that.  
The 500 early adopters will insist that the quality of shits taken with a Google colon is vastly superior, but no other shits will be given 
Results for "how to fix car in GTA":  * How to fix cars!  * ^^^missing: ^^^~~GTA~~  
Fuckin pinterest with their domination of the Google image results. 
People give posts ambiguous titles and wouldn't bother tagging them  "I just found this weird tip today to help with my craft" is probably the title of that post you're looking for, and you'll never find it because of the stupid title 
I feel like this is what the internet is supposed to be and you have to enter the info in like a programmer. Not quite but most people won't put in that extra step all the time.  
Of course you have to do some thinking in the process to decipher what is bs and what is not. I feel like that thinking shouldn't stop at the internet but also in books especially history books. 
That's the correct way to do it on google; the parentheses are for ebay only (per OP's edit). 
Might aswell use the robot that was posted everywhere a few weeks ago then. 
I love and hate when the top search result links to a forum where the first / only respond is "How difficult is it to do a quick google search?"   Well it was a lot easier if YOU didn't messed up the google results you asshole 
The other day I typed in "The other pig movie" Gordy was the first result. I was amazed.  
Fellow junkie here. Do not be led astray by people who are anti-science or anti-intellectual. This is real research.  
That's not true. Abstracts are generally written assuming the reader has significant background knowledge or is willing to read through the paper's introduction. Press releases are generally easy to digest.  
Well, he said they are trying :P He even admitted that Allo's assistant thing doesn't work very well which was surprising because it was fairly new at the time 
"ananas" is the word for pineapple in a few languages, it's not a plural of "anana". 
"Up a row or two"  WHICH IS IT  I need specific instructions :( 
Right there's definitely no discussions between the masterminds of Reddit who are secretly controlling the masses there. Seriously, don't bother!  
I've been in that situation before. Try saying aloud "siri, what to think". If that doesn't help you should try "alexa, what to think". If problem still persists just keep screaming until someone comes to help. 
And they didn't think of renaming their useless unused service rather than messing with an age old convention. Urgh, Google.  
If no other shits can be given, maybe Google is the superior colon. 
man if this was 2009 i would use some rage memes, welp. 
I read this imagining that she intentionally goes out and kills anyone with the same or a similar name to her in order to gain Google dominance.  It's been a long morning, the coffee hasn't kicked in yet... 
It wouldn't be terrible if they'd let you go to the damn links. Nope, gotta sign up to continue FUCK YOU PINTEREST 
A Google cache that speeds up certain high-traffic sites on mobile devices. Makes linking a pain.  
"He got it!"  *gif of a cat leaping 10 feet to catch a mouse*     
Lol it totally works, I'm very impressed. "The pig movie" turns up Babe, "The other pig movie" turns up Gordy. 
It isn't a joke, there are posts in that subreddit that clearly explain exactly what "VX" is... 
Abstracts should never require reading anything other than the abstract and the title of the paper.  They are supposed to be a brief summary of what the paper is about, the method used if relevant, and the major result. They are primarily to give you an idea if that paper is going to be helpful to you as a researcher without having to read the whole thing.  Of course, some papers are so opaque that even a subject matter expert can't make head nor tail of them, but for the most part abstracts of papers published in any decent journal will be readable by anyone moderately familiar with the field. 
Was much funner a minute ago when OP couldn't spell Banana. Now instead of comedy it's tragedy (comedy where I'm the victim) 
Yes, exactly, but by using a regular "or" you're kind of implying that it doesn't matter, as long as it's at least one. But grammatically, what you said is certainly more correct.  
but does it have sharks with freaking lazer beams on their forheads 
Not sure what is going on for you guys. But I get 10 results for (74) and 10 results for (75).   
Google isn't making much sense in general when it comes to Google+ 
"gta my coke business got raided and my crew got arrested"  missing: ~~gta~~ 
Google engineers must be scratching their heads over this sudden surge in 'Brittney Spear' search - while looking for a way to profit from it 
Interesting... I use chrome, signed in to google on an android phone and somehow that's just never come up.  Sounds annoying unless you have absolutely tragic internet speeds. 
Ugh, reminds me of 90% of the /r/firstworldanarchists titles. "This *** gets it" 
"This is cat picture 443, enjoy" sounds like a post in  /r/totallynotrobots 
When discussing something on a reddit thread I often open a new tab to Google the topic being discussed. More often than not my top search results will be a reddit link. I wouldn't have to use Google for that if reddit had a decent search engine at least for its own content.    
me too.  Since my name is fairly unique, searching for the issue is easier if I knew I had done this before.  I post my answers unbidden on usenet groups 
It's no joke! There's a lot of active research into sub-Coulombic inductance coils. Apparently they could have applications in electric cars, Hyperloop projects, and Cranford C-beams.  
You'd be surprised at how many people aren't familiar with a field though 
Or most things they do.   Here's a laptop! But you can't take it out of the house as it needs data to work. No it doesn't have data capability haha 
Yeah, as others said Google just decides it's smarter than you and thinks "No, spear is obviously wrong because it doesn't generate nearly as many search results!" 
My buddy did his PhD on Cranford C-beams. Their paradoxical change in structural strength compares to withstanding deep oceanic pressures when the forces are applied perpendicularly, where only the hypercrust plating was applicable in the tangent corners. The sub-Coulombic inductance coils could funnel out the weak energy so only the forces necessary to maintaining integrity of the C-beam and increasing its resistance/kg property remain within the structure. 
The chromebook is a neat idea, and I could see some situations where it would be a perfect product, but I feel like most people want more from their laptop. My 4 year old $300 laptop does what a chromebook would, and then some.  
-narrows eyes at you suspiciously- ....-Slowly walks away while still staring suspiciously- 
It's military v. Military v. Police v. Public support for coup v. Public support for erdogan. Then you've also got the Kurds...many against the coup, some I presume will see this an opportunity for advancing their own political aims, etc etc. What a complete mess. 
They're the ones throwing the coup, not overthrowing it but yes it's a bit of a tradition over there.  
Yeah the live thread is very confusing  "Coup has failed"    "Military in control"    "Erdogan in Istanbul with thousands of supporters "     "That is old shit he are streaming"  My head hurts. 
I hope you stay safe, just wait it out and it should blow over, Erdogan's on the ground so hopefully the immediate violence will stop.   It's a bit of a dirty trick to use the call to prayer to push his message, and a bit rich when he was circling safe in his jet.  
These past few years have proven why "may you live in interesting times," is a curse and not a blessing.  
What's particularly telling is that the rebels compelled people to stay in their homes for their safety.  Erdongen, on holiday, compelled people to go out to the streets and confront the soldiers, knowing many would die.  It sort of doesn't make sense though that you'd take over a bridge and a handful of places to rebel. Why not just storm the parliament when Erdongen was there? You'd have to think that the military commanders were just fantastically bad at strategic thinking...  It's clear that the coup was conducted too late. If the idea was to intervene to prevent a theocracy from consuming Turkey, it should have happened earlier. 
Both the AP and CNN idiotically claimed what was propaganda without verification 
Urging them to take to the streets and fight *people who have fucking tanks and attack helicopters*. Nothing says "I love my people" like asking them to go aggravate guys piloting 50-ton murdermachines while you desperately flee the country on a private jet. 
Yeah, it didn't really last long and now he can put forward more extreme laws and reduce the power of the military who's only job since the foundation of the country was to make sure it stayed secular 
"We are hearing that a coup is occurring in the democratically elected Turkey, the military wants to out democratically elected leader Erdogan, who was democratically elected" -CNN    
Calls people to the streets, flees instead of helping. Lmfao 
Yup. A failed coup is a hundred times worse than no coup at all.   Erdogan will now have reason for vengeance, and some very twisted legitimacy for further action.  
no one knows. the only "repelled" reports are coming from Turkish state and government agencies.  the ones whom would benefit from actually repelling it. 
Does it make you feel comfortable that he is talking about Pennsylvania and implying CIA involvement while we have nukes in his country?  
Counter-psy ops. Gotta make it look like the government is still in power so the people in the streets stay there. If they think the coup has succeeded, they may just go home. 
I read something (trying to find it in this thread) that he said the cycling F-16's where there to threaten him and that they bombed his previous location or something like that? If they bombed his previous location why didn't they bombed him at the airport? I mean they are fighter jets they could have taken him out of the air before he even had a chance of landing. Numerous fighter jets and helicopter everywhere and they just let him land? He can give a speech in front of a crowd with cameras? There is either something fishy about this or this is the boldest and most incompetent military coup in history. 
Good thinking! Those fighter jets would have made light work of him.  
Yeah, Ankara is pretty much locked down by the Pro-Coup forces.  Still haven't seen anything other than Police vs. Military either - I think the lack of Military vs. Military might show that a far larger group might support the coup than originally broadcasted. 
more incoming: * 16 soldiers were sent to take erdogans palace where there are at least 250 armed elite force defendants. * 20 swat equivalent police officers waited side by side with 13 soldiers at taksim square. * captured soldiers claim they are conscripts ordered to make a drill. they surrendered when they realised what was going on.  more will come. 
CNN aired footage of some sort of confrontation on the bridge. There were tanks on the bridge, and civilians crowding under an overpass with flags and the likes, chanting something. You could hear gunfire, but nobody knew if it was being fired at the state police, or if it was riot control weapons being used to disperse the crowds. 
I am and I'm terrified for Turkey. Erdogan would be unstoppable if the coup fails.  
Can't help but be thankful. But I feel sad for the innocent people that are caught in the crossfire. 
Not everyone lost, there was one winner and his name was Sultan Erdogan 
Most Turkish coups have been relatively peaceful. Ataturk had a big influence on the military and on the secular bits of Turkey that are still left. 
The censorship over there makes it difficult to hold a discussion. 
Turkey already had a couple of millitary coups before while part of NATO. America likes the Turkish military a lot more than edrogen and wont stop this  
If they attached a generator to attaturk they could generate enough power for half of turkey just from him spinning in his grave. 
Why are the Kurds against the coup, I thought they didn't like Erdogan? 
That's pretty bizarre, but hey if it's stupid but it works it's not stupid.  
Ferdinand Marcos did this shit in the Philippines too.  Suspicious attack/coup and then martial law for a decade.  He syphoned the Filipino reserves and got rid of anyone in his way.  He only lifted martial law because the Pope refused to visit if he didn't.  I hope this doesn't happen with Erdogan, but it's not looking good.  Be safe. 
That is my interpretation as of now. New developments may change my opinion but it just seems too staged to me.  
Well, tyranny lasts for as long as people refuse to stand up to it.   Every nation so far has shockingly, subtlety backed ergodan tonight... 
As an American who knew nothing about him until an hour ago he sounds like a total douche.  
That's the second most important thing a military should be doing. All enemy's both foreign and domestic.  
What I've read is that people really like the military and support them when they overthrow.  You would then think that the people would then elect people who would please the military.  Yet, obviously not. Why? 
what times are not interesting? Remember there was world war one and world war two times. Cold war times. There is always something going on but of course since we are alive now it seems worse. 
Believe it or not that's a strong argument here. And considering Erdogan's supporters don't even hesitate to call for our death(infidels) even in peace, the guy is seen as the evil-found-body by the more educated population.  Don't mistake, Erdogan's voterbase is unarmed ISIS.  
CNN is disgusting. They are nothing but a State Department mouthpiece.   Of course CNN didn't use that type of rhetoric for the coup in Ukraine because it was supported by the US. But Erdogan is a strategic asset to the US because he helps the US arm the radical Islamists in Syria and is hostile to Russia.  There is nothing moral or ethical about modern US foreign policy and there is no real journalism at CNN. Disgusting shills is all that they are. 
Sounds suspiciously like an attempt to raise a shield using the turkish people as bait to force the army to retaliate against the population. 
Germany rejected him, now's he's looking to the UK 
Inside job by Erdogan to go "SEE, told you the military would coup" and using the fervor of his supporters, he'll sign in a new constitution that effectively neuters the power of the military and makes them a puppet for his Neo-Ottoman ideas to be used to put them into action? Also for a power grab and become like a dictator?  
If you're on holiday in the country, I suggest you contact your embassy in the country (if you have one) and ask what they advise you to do. 
Germany should've accepted and then put him under house arrest so he can't stir up more shit. 
Following the playbook. Night of Long Knives will follow, then Kristallnacht. 
They hate both. Secular military dictatorships in Turkey have historically been no kinder to the Kurds than Erdogan has.   The enemy of your enemy is not always your friend. Besides the Kurdish parties themselves, no political force in Turkey is friendly to the cause of Kurdish independence or even Kurdish autonomy.  
Despite how serious this is, this single post made me lol very hard.  
Well not necessarily stopping turning back to Islam but more to stop any straying from secularity. 
This seems more plausible than a completely faked one. Erdogan hears of a plot and allows it to go forward in a controlled manner, and reaps the benefits.  
It's wrong,  but not shocking. For example,  Turkey is a major NATO ally,  and they have a very strategic position to influence the Middle East,  so obviously western leaders don't want to speak out against the Turkish government.  
I had a Simpsons level flip-flop.     "Oh a coup, that's bad."    "Oh the people leading the Coup aren't doing too good, that's good."    "Oh, the leader of Turkey is an Islamist with an agenda, that's bad."    "Oh, the people leading the coup support democracy, that's good!".    "President Obama just backed the government instead of the military, that's..."     "It's bad." 
I don't think it's really realistic to expect a state, esp a state like Turkey, to be overthrown without any casualties.  
Really depends who you talk to in Turkey. The military was at the head of some very unsavoury Turkish governments in modern Turkish history.  Don't blindly believe one side is better than the other just yet as many on Reddit already seem to have made up their minds on who are the good guys. 
German government was even more vague: "The democratic order in Turkey must be respected." 
It is, but the dangerous bit comes in deciding who is the enemy and who is not. 
Secularists in major cities like the millitary more than edrogen and his Islamist party. In the 1980 coup the millitary ruled for 3 years before democracy was resorted same.will.happen now prob if they succeed. The goal if this coup is to remove edrogen who is trying to seize more and more power  
haha they better have done - seeking asylum in Germany who he tried to sue cuz of that comedian 
I feel like an idiot when I fantasize about being around some drama like this or a tragedy. I want to feel like I've seen REAL shit and have crazy stories. But I always remind myself that peoples lives are obviously more important. 
It sounds suspiciously like he's using the population as martyrs.  Step 1: Find out military has launched a coup because you're a shitlord president doing exactly what the found of you country didnt want.  Step 2: Call public out to prayer while there is active fighting going on.  Step 3: "SEE! I'M NOT THE BAD GUY! THE MILITARY IS GUNNING YOU DOWN IN THE STREETS! ISIS ISN'T SO BAD!"  Step 4: Share a good laugh with the rest of lizards running the world after ensuring the middle east stays in a state of war over ideals so that you and you cohorts can keep making that sweet money from all the business that conflict creates. 
Tell him to fuck off, we dont want him  Bring him to Glasgow if you must, then we can deal with him efficently 
Sadly, here in Germany you'll also find many fundamentalist supporters of him. I was on the street a few minutes ago (there were TWO lure modules in one street!), where a bunch of braindead / coked up turks gathered, to show their support of Erdogan. 
The U.S. embassy in Turkey has said try not to go to the embassy. 
Armies tend to do that when there's little to no oversight.  I was gonna mention 16th-17th century armies in the Wars of Religion in Europe, or the American Civil War, but those guys were pretty much fully sanctioned to fuck shit up. 
Correct, but considering their position geographically it's unlikely that they'll lean to anything except Islam. 
More or less, yeah. It's really confusing compared to Western powers, but it's a very interesting setup the more you read about it. 
Someone like him was in power. Until certain countries didn't like him refusing them access to his country's oil. Some shit happened, and boom, modern Iran. 
I don't think he's really backing Erdogan it's just that if the coup fails we still have to work with him so best not to say we support the people trying to kill him. It would make meetings awkward  
The message from the followers of Khorne were slightly less so: "Blood for the blood god! Skulls for the skull throne!" 
There are a lot of shitkickers in rural Turkey. & rigged ballots, maybe.  But it must be said; lot of shitkickers. Huuuge crowds of shitkickers.  In this, Turkey is a lot like everywhere else. 
Yea, just look at Egypt for the opposite situation. 
problem is, turkey is huge, and apart from the big secular cities there's a lot of not-so secular countryside 
Considering the military is (mostly, supposed to be) secular, while Erdogan is an Islamist, I would think so. 
They should, better to stay calm and not 'pour out' onto the streets like erdogan says. Maybe they're used to it or expected this stuff anyway. 
Even more disgusting is the call to prayer. If I was a practicing religious muslim I'd be offended my beliefs were used towards political gain WHILE RISKING MY LIFE. 
What is the reasoning behind that? Is the embassy in Turkey and too dangerous to go there? 
Political religion (islamism) is not the only 'un-turkish' or 'un-Kemalist' thing that the military has fought. Socialism and regional or ethnic (Kurdish) separatism comes to mind.  
Based ataturk. I will read some books about him. Sounds like a great man. Real shame they seek to destroy his legacy.  
The government will say Erdogan has won until a helicopter is flying his hanged body through the streets. 
Like when the US voiced tacit support for the 2002 coup in Venezuela, during the brief period when it looked like it would stick. 
Personally, I think if you're in a region that has a risk of Islam coming to town and taking over, it's probably a good thing to say, "hey, FYI...military can come in and protect the people's democratic rights." 
Say what you will about khorne, but we always know where he stands. A real straight shooter. 
Erdogan is a fucking moron. He's going to get his own people killed. 
A call to prayer like this and the prayers for when a person dies has taken place all over turkey in about 90000+ mosques. A call to prayer like this is a Call to jihad. u can see why we're worried over here in turkey. Secular turkey is gone after this day u can be sure. I will be weeping. 
They probably say this because it would mean leaving shelter to go there, and if the embassy is attacked, there is a higher chance of civilian casualties. 
Well the last major rebellion in the U.S. was about a century and a half ago. Looks like we're due over here.  
That's because if it's a coup and it's in Latin America the United States is almost always the one throwing it. 
Yeah that's assuming the Army never undergoes a religious awakening.  I know it's super unlikely as they think it's their job to be secular, but weirder things have happened. 
The main problem with democracy, and its greatest internal contradiction:  What happens when a leader or government is democratically elected, which seeks to undermine or dissolve the very democracy that brought them to power? 
If people obey the military, they become de facto rulers of turkey. Erdogan can't maintain his position and say that he is still the president, still in control etc etc, if the army call the shots and everyone listens. If he wants to remain in power he has to tell people to do the opposite to what the army is telling them.  As well as that, a shooting or two would up the persecution narrative. 
no way would they attack the embassy - isn't that pretty much declaring war on the us? 
At this point I would expect fancy invitations to be sent out by the State Department... 
I think after this, assuming the army loses, which it appears it will, there will be a massive purge and it will "enjoy" an awakening.  
Ataturk thought he had an answer to that question: the military. Everyone loves talking about how Turkey was designed as a secular state, but how is it supposed to stay constitutionally secular with a fairly religious population?  For Ataturk, secularism was supposed to be the military's responsibility. Whenever a despot threatened to dismantle the constitution or act against the nation's fundamental secular principles, the military could swoop in, temporarily suspend the government, and swiftly hold new, legitimate, democratic elections.  That's been the impetus behind most of Turkey's previous military coups. That's not to say Ataturk's idea is any good, or that this current coup is working in that spirit. But it's crucial context. 
Attacking an embassy is a very common move for non-state terrorists or guerrillas. US embassies are a relatively common target because the US is disliked by many non-state actors, that's why they're so heavily guarded. 
But in a way, if they are eliminating democracy, they are also undermining your vote.  They are also removing the very process that brings them to power; meaning they shouldn't have an immediate right to lead a non-democratic state if they were democratically elected. 
Ya everyone in school lives on 7 layers of irony and I love it  
I am guilty of secretly enjoying watching parents of students who graduated with my daughter last year having complete melt downs now watching the children they diligently helicoptered become the drunk-party-animal-failing-all their-classes students.  Karma may bite me over it, but I hated watching them give their kids *zero* leeway to enjoy any part of their lives. 
But how dare your father not give their *little angel* an a+ on everything.  What's frustrating is that the same parents that read your post will likely agree with you.  But then a teacher gives *their* kid a bad grade?  Well, now that changes everything. 
Once you hit college: you better have brought your calculator mother fucker, no we don't have one for you to borrow. 
Now it's just "you do that assignment?" "I got it from Johnny you need it?" "Yeah send it" then we just text pictures over 
I mean I'm HS class of 2016 but can confirm. I don't know if I'm alive for 50% of the days I get out of bed. Just keeping a physical body alive long enough to go to class and study and do homework and and go to clubs you don't care about and then go back and sleep and repeat.  There's no passion in life to a lot of '17 kids. People are doing the grind ever so passively because spending time doing something else is a risk in it itself - unless you're using that time to distract yourself, in which case most students will do it to excess.   Man, and I'm part of the problem, sitting in bed texting on Reddit when I should have gone to class but instead slept through it because I was watching a Twitch stream. But I'm just gonna keep doing it, cause I'm just so fucking tired.  
I came out in grade 12 in 2010 my senior year. It was surreal, everyone was just cool with it and no one really cared. I even stopped being teased for 'being gay', because once it became real I think people were afraid to diss it. Anyway, I'm so happy that atleast in my area (Ontario) it's quite safe for lgbtq students.   My highschool had a positive space group, we had about 10 or so openly gay or questioning and everyone was cool with that too. We'd meet every Friday and have pizza for lunch, even once or twice a semester the teachers who ran the group would take us all to an art gallery and into the 'village'. So surreal.  I'm so glad I haven't had to deal with much negativity, but it saddens me that I had one of the best out comes and others don't have a chance, anyway I'm rambling but your comment kind of put my brain on a tangent. 
Can confirm '17 I work for a cell phone carrier and one of the most highly congested part of our network is surrounding high schools. So not surprised 
My little brother just recently graduated high school. During his junior year, another student streaked at a football game.  He was arrested and they tried to get him booked as a sex offender. He ended up killing himself. It was devastating, many many people were horrifie at the school's reaction. I remember my parents specifically saying that streaking at a big game would've been frowned upon but ultimately not a big deal when they were in school. 
I had a history teacher reference in high school how he used to ask students "What was the first political scandal you remember?" It was always Monica Lewinsky until my year group. 
Former Coast Guard Boarding Officer here. I would have never done that shit, but who's to say you weren't dealing with the Yost Guard.  
Yes, I've always heard about stereotypes (high school) like jocks not caring about grades and partying all the time. Some of my best friends are sports players and they work incredibly hard. 
I was under the impression dabbing died with 2016. Was hoping anyway. 
not a bad thing at all that they know to question nonsensical answers like that 
Can I ask if you're in middle/high school or college? When I was in high school, every single person thought they were the exception and that everyone else in their class was a hairless barbarian. 
97 - racial slurs  07 - you retard  17 - ~ironic~racism, homophobia, sexism, etc 
Then they go bitch that this generation is too soft 
It's even worse when a professor says "Go ahead and cache the entire internet on your laptop and bring it to the exam. It won't help you. Have fun." 
Same. And my mom was CONVINCED I was a drug dealer.   Mom, I'm on honor roll, student council, I'm a varsity volleyball player, and I just got a full ride to college (state school, but fuck it) ... I'm NOT dealing drugs. I just like my friends to be able to get ahold of me while I'm out driving around aimlessly, possibly mildly intoxicated, so I can stop at the Taco Bell and call them back on a pay phone. DUH.  
A Google drive or a network for the students to share everything, making cheating streamlined and efficient. 
MBA is a networking degree. You should get it after excelling in the private sector. Kids who get them asap miss out. 
God damn if this isn't the truth and most of us are still dealing with the repercussions of not knowing how to handle failure.  
To be fair, this description sounds pretty much exactly like my life in high school graduating in 2006. It was fucking exhausting. I just kept doing more and more and grinding through the work until I pretty much had a nervous breakdown midway through college.  
Yup class of 2018. I was literally crying last week because I realized all I care about right now is my grades and that I'm so caught up in it that I can't even answer the questions "what are your interests?" Or "what do you do for fun?" 
That is all streaking should be. but people have to take it to the level of "OH MY GOODNESS MY CHILD JUST SAW A PENIS HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO EXPLAIN THAT TO HIM, THIS MAN NEEDS TO BE CHARGED AS A SEX OFFENDER AND HAVE IS LIFE RUINED BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO TELL MY KID WHAT A PENIS IS!!" If my kid sees something and has a question i answer it honestly and just say "dont go bringing this up in public place because it is rude to talk about body parts around other people, it could make them uncomfortable". Parents need to learn that their kids will see some shit when growing up and how to handle that in the proper way with your child is what being a parent is all about. not calling for someones head who is playing an innocent prank! 
I lived literally through the "hey, look, Internet!" and "hey, look, cell phones!" age. Maybe it's because I was tech inclined, but I learned very quickly to use both really well.  There are a lot of people from my generation that don't, though. 
I remember being made to write fake correspondence emails about random bullshit to my English teacher in high school as part of assignments. Good practice really, it's unbelievable how many people can't string together a coherent email or attempt any semblance of formatting it.  
Well, AP classes *are* supposed to be specifically preparatory for the AP exam. So I'd blame the nature of the exam over the teaching style of the individuals.  
I laughed when he said she was hot.      (it's probably a plus that she gets along with his daughter)    
That's exactly what I was thinking. I mean I think that movie exaggerated it (the cool kids don't think that "organized sports are so fascist"), but I do think it's true that the nicer, more accepting kids today are the "cool" ones. 
Good news everyone, we're going to visit the internet today! 
I saw a prequel meme in another teacher's PowerPoint, it was a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.  
'I was born far too late to discover the lands,   And the seas, and the skies, and the shores and the sands.   All the steps have been stepped, and the walks have been walked,   And the sights have been seen, and the talks have been talked.  'I was born far too soon to discover the stars,   And I'll never set foot on the red dust of Mars.   I shall only encounter the future in dreams -   But at least I have memes.    But at least I have memes.'     
Referential memory has been a thing for a long time.  That's why you'd see the shelves of books in every engineer's office.  Not just because they'd read them, but because they used them to look up what they didn't need to know off the top of their head.  It's a trade off between how fast you need the info, and how difficult it is to look it up. It's just gotten so easy to look things up that more and more things are easier to remember via where you found them.   
I work at Chuck E Cheeses. When I'm in the outfit I dab. Little kids seem to love it still. 
Its crystal meth around my area. When I was in school, cocaine was cool, but weed was already on the downward spiral of being typical.Turns out a good bit of my friends were stoners, I was just too oblivious to realize it. Which is probably why everyone looks at me funny when I say I've never smoked weed or did any sort of drugs (with the exception of alcohol, but even then, I didn't drink in high school, only when I turned 21).C/O 2012 
I'm seeing a few responses similar to this below.  I can't help but wonder if this is a result of these kids knowing they'll be competing for fewer and fewer jobs that pay less and less in the near future.  
Kid is lucky as hell if he's not dead. Poison ivy smoke works the same in your airways as it does on your skin -  breathe it in and everything starts swelling shut, very similar to the most severe allergic  reaction. If you straight up smoked it purposefully, I'd guess you have maximum 1 hour to get medical treatment before youre dead 
People still say niggerfaggot and call people retarded we've just evolved for more  
I don't remember who it was and I, of course, won't be as eloquent as this person was, but it was someone famous who pointed out that while Boomers like to say the Millennials are the real "me" generation, the "Me" generation title never changed hands. The trophies and ribbons given to millennials when we were kids didn't have anything to do with what *we* wanted. We were playing, we were happy. It was about our parents getting something to brag about so they wouldn't have to punch the Joneses in the teeth instead.   Edit- looking at this in context, I replied to the wrong person, I meant to respond to /u/Jaxel_MS instead. Oh well. It seems people get it anyway. 
Can confirm. I'm in an igneous and metamorphic petrology course right now. All our tests are completely open note, open book, and bringing your laptop is required (both for the internet and Excel being used).  Test averages still end up being around ~40-50%. None of the questions are Google-able, we literally just have them because without being able to check various online databases (MinDat, etc) it'd be impossible to get through the test in the 3 hours allotted. 
Our school has a Dropbox. The previous class sends pictures of the test questions:answers from last year. Technically not cheating because they released the test last year.  
This is the correct answer. The goons with MBAs have the same answers that goons without MBAs have: more cloud-based data-driven solution engines that free them from doing any real work, and having all sorts of accountability dirt on everyone around them.  The difference is the 35 year old that just finished his MBA now knows a shitton of other MBAs that have C-level jobs at other companies, and it's much easier for them to land that sacred C-level on their job title. 
The cost of failure has gone up, people can't afford them anymore. 30 years ago, if you dropped out of high school and couldn't even read you could still find a job of menial tasks to make a decent living off. If you pull that today, you will get paid slave money and have to work 3 jobs without even affording a place to live, if anyone would even hire a high school dropout. Multiply by 1000 if you drop out of college and god have mercy on you and your family if you ever get sick and don't die instantly. 
Probably, considering our future economy is likely to resemble Japan's more and more in the future. Over-educated and under-employed young people working part-time work to eke out a living and finding satisfaction in personal pursuits rather than career ambitions. 
Not just on an academic level. God forbid you make a mistake in front of others then the whole world will know because of social media.  
i don't wanna become a doctor    i just wanna go home and listen to death grips 
I feel like I'm beyond a nervous breakdown. I've gone past it and now I'm just in this intermediary where no amounts of stress gives me urgency anymore.  
Yep and also I teach/do research on sex/sexuality topics so a lot of students come out to me.   
I assume the only reason they haven't blocked all those apps is that your IT guys must also use those programs to stream video content all day. 
Can you get enough bandwidth through the vpn for Netflix though? 
Yup. It sounds like bs, but it really IS who you know. I went to Western fucking Michigan of all places for my undergrad and did nothing but get drunk for four years. At my previous job I worked directly alongside two Berkeley kids my same age and one Princeton grad, simply because I met the right people. Fuck, I didn't even have an econ or finance degree (was in capital financing and acquisitions), I LITERALLY just met a guy in line for lunch, made him laugh, and got recommended for an interview. Boom. Close to tripled my income in less than two weeks.  School recognition helps, but connections and work experience are far bigger factors. The biggest factor in most non specialized fields is being likable.  
That's a much better response than threatening to confiscate phones out of (i'm assuming) lockers. 
This is exactly what we did my senior year (2008). We bought a bunch of cheap alarm clocks, set them for times we would be in the classroom, opened a ceiling tile, and chucked it, so we could honestly say we had no idea where they were.  We also parked two students' compact cars in the hallway, moved a teacher's entire room (desks, chairs, tables, everything) from her portable to the elementary school playground just outside, put every plant, fake or real, inside our principal's office, and put a RickRoll on a loop in the cafeteria TVs, then hid the remotes and ladder to get to the DVD players. I'm still pretty proud of that night. 
The really funny thing is due to the internet more younger children are now aware of human anatomy and sexuality than ever. The parent's whole "won't someone think of the children" has now become willful ignorance. Your child has probably seen more porn than you have. 
I got the pleasure of watching a drunk guy outside of a frat house pissing on the side of the house when campus police confronted him. They told him they saw him pissing, and the dude's response was "That's impossible. My dick is so tiny you couldn't have seen it!"   Campus police left him alone after making such a watertight argument.  
It's not laws and regulations that are the problem.  (Except for zero tolerance policies). There are certainly cases where you'd want a naked guy hanging around school to be brought up on sex offender charges.  The problem is everyone, especially school administrators, being unwilling to use common sense. 
In my senior class of 09 we all brought one golf ball with us to our graduation. After we each walked and shook the principals' hand, we would give him our golf ball. After quite a few walks the principal was frantically cradling about 20 golf balls as they keep falling and bouncing everywhere. His pockets were absolutely stuffed with them as well. Half way through someone just brought out a bucket for him to throw them in. Innocent yet amusing. 
No, they should have been burned at the stake for condoning heresy. 
When I was in seminary I was responsible for decorating the 30ft tall Martin Luther statue in the quad.    I did it seasonally.  I used the school's ladder to do it.  At like 1am.  At seminary.    People these days need to get a bloody grip. 
Been in IT for 30 years, beginning on the "big iron". It's the pace of change that is different. Related is, which horse do you want to ride (.net, java, Ruby, etc.)?   My kids still roll their eyes at me because, for example, I can't get something to work on it. But when they have computer problem, who do they come to first? Yup, dear old Dad!! 
this is simple achievement vs mastery. the complex thing is figuring out how to raise children to be motivated by mastery instead. 
You are absolutely correct! I do not blame the teachers, I blame the idea that surrounds them. However they say, take AP classes because they prepare you for college. That is not the case at all. I did not find myself more prepared, if anything I had to readjust to how I approached things because college does not hold your hand through a project or paper, you need to guide yourself. Maybe I am in the minority here, but I personally did not benefit from the way AP classes are taught   
That's the stupidest policy I've ever heard. For all what's worth though, back when I was in early primary school (years 1-4, they changed the rules afterwards) you could only give a student a "progresses adequately" (aka pass) or a "needs to improve" (aka fail) grade, in order not to demoralize the kids.  Even then it only applied to primary school (up to year 6) not to everything afterwards (so for small kids it kinda sort of makes some sense, but still) 
It just all flowed together in a way that suggested he was making a genuine comparison at all levels on his radar with no regard to the perception we might have of him. Just a slice of life. 
21 and 22 are two of the best comedies I've seen in years, and the main takeaway is how realistic it is for youth culture (like Mean Girls was when it came out).  
The day my history teacher announced that he doesn't give a shit about dates was the day I was actually excited to go to History class. 
The brilliance of this poem is that it is truly depressing. I'm impressed and depressed at the same time.  
Yea but you didn't do anything wrong I don't understand. 
That would be my hypothesis as well. Kids in high school now have, in a way, had the veil lifted that was on students 10 years ago. Most of them seem to realize that their future isn't as bright and open as everyone was telling them it would be when they were kids.  
I would guess you do it by being a 13 year old who's never smoked weed or spent time in the woods. 
Further adding to this :  The social cost is higher as well. You made a gaffe or made yourself look stupid before cellphones and internet? Yeah people remember and might remember for a long while if no one does anything worse for a while.   Now you do it and it's caught on video or talked about online? it's there forever and people who were not even involved or even there or even in your own fucking town will be coming at you. IDK if teen suicide rates have gone up though...but I think it would still contribute to the "holy shit I can never mess up not even once" fear that young people have today.   
Now if only we had a nationwide transit network like they do... 
Social Media has truly shown how narcissism and low self esteem is a pandemic. The only people that get joy out of others misfortune are people that are not happy with themselves and have to get that small feeling of being above someone else. Before social media the trend started with watching reality TV. I can't wait to see what the next 'ego boost' machine will be. 
This is very important. People don't realize that we don't post our bad shit on social media, only our best. We shouldn't compare other people's highlight reel with our behind the scenes.  
Haha yeah I hit that point last semester and basically went semi functioning and failed most of my classes. Going better this semester but I genuinely don't care anymore.  
Thank you for being there for those students. I'm sure for some, you were the only accepting person in their lives. 
the IT guys can just whitelist whatever sites they want for themselves. Most school IT people have access to anything on the internet... Filters aren't auto-applied to every single account in the district. For example in mine, as a teacher I can access basically anything but porn or graphic shit (liveleak, etc) whereas kids can't use facebook, youtube, anything like that on their accounts.  
Nice. Our senior prank (2009) was to go to Michael's, buy a BUNCH of glitter in our school colours that we sneaky poured out while walking down the main hall.  Glitter.... THEY WILL REMEMBER US FOREVER IF THEY LIKE IT OR NOT. 
Yeah.. I remember when my son was 9, I was checking his computer history, and he had searched for "nekid veginas".  After I excused myself to laugh for 10 minutes, we had another sex talk  
He must have been going for his MS because his BS was already on point 
Zero tolerance is the easy way out, they don't actually have to think critically and asses things on a situation by situation basis.  Laziness. Also, special snowflake parents. 
See, this is a senior prank that is funny and not just kids being assholes. When my husband was in high school (as a junior; I teach at this school now and have heard the story), some seniors snuck in the school and straight up vandalized shit--destroyed the school emblem on the brand new commons floor, shot off all the fire extinguishers, put glue into most of the locks, tipped over the shelves in the library...all shit that was just criminal and not at all funny. 
"Approved senior pranks"   That's about the saddest thing ever and pretty much describes our generation.  
Yeah, I remember my days at Catholic school all too well... 
I have a soft spot in my heart for goats this is awful 
I have the TI-84 Plus CE and it's my favorite calculator. No ragrets on spending $190 on it 
My dad learned to program on Fortran. When we looked at my Sophmore year high school schedule and saw the PASCAL course he called it "new fanlged.". This was 1999. 
Her ass was thick as hell.  My wife and I discussed it more than we talked about my kid's grade. 
Not doing anything wrong and not having your day/holiday/life fucked over by over-zealous police are not mutually exclusive, sadly.  
Pirates aren't MY enemies, checkmate international law. 
I graduated in 2014 and this was exactly the problem. Our history teacher called us the disillusioned generation. We knew the world sucked and we didn't have time to mess around. We all had jobs and did early college or got certificates if we could. I knew a few kids who wore suits every day for their internships after school. Not even a rich area, but we worried. 
I had an interview for an internship, but they also interviewed 40 people for the position.   ...Apparently they didn't want me. I didn't have enough experience to get the internship to get experience. 
Yep. Rates are way up. 16-21 seems to be the "danger zone"   Fun fact. Female teens are more likely to attempt suicide. Male ones are more likely to succeed in the attempt.  
We westernized long before we got rid of our shogunate so it's unlikely we will get the set of circumstances that will lead to that. We haven't even gotten a first shogun. 
I also find social media can really crush one's self esteem because you have all your peers or your old schoolmates or people around the same age as you doing things or collecting all these great achievements, making great connections and seemingly having their life together, while you feel like an utter piece of shit in comparison if you're taking a longer time/less "successful" path to get to the same level. It can get fucking depressing and pressurising. 
Exactly. And even when people do realize it, they often don't realize it fully enough to actually compensate for it in their mind and ego. Subconciously even though they know it's just their highlights, they don't feel it to the core enough to counteract the feeling of being lesser. 
I didn't mean to imply that I receive no postivitive reinforcment because I do. Most of the time it seems like there is more negative than positive. Or maybe I just see the negative more  
Probably. I'm really not ready to be an adult.  At all. 
I took me like a month at my job to have my Internet Access unrestricted.  My job:  Programmer. 
The IT guy knows, but he's likely too overworked and underpaid to give a damn. The school administration probably thinks that VPN is some kind of illicit drug. 
My school's senior ditch day was ruined  Because a senior asked her dad if she could participate in it  Her dad was the principal  
Jesus. I guarantee there are still teachers there who despise you guys because they're still finding glitter everywhere. That's almost satanic. 
When my son was the same age I found "girls who are not wearing underpants" in his browser history.  I actually still can't type that without giggling. 
This is why I think it's awesome that pornhub now has a sex education channel to talk about the reality about sex.  It's kind of fucked that we now need porn sites to properly educate people on sex, since schools aren't doing it. 
After I graduated, the senior prank of the juniors at the time involved bringing the duck owned by one of the students' family members and letting it roam throughout the school. They also followed it in a huge crowd and took pictures with it. They all lost their senior trip to Disney and were threatened with calling the cops and being accused of animal cruelty 
Do people have honey allergies?  When you touch that shit, good luck getting it off. 
If only that riverbed would have had a soft spot for goats...R.I.P. goat bro  
Nah, gotta go nspire CX cas. Not much more expensive and it can do just about everything 
The true hipster learns to code exclusively in fractran.  
Report that. It's one of the few things the boards actually take seriously. Patient confidentiality issues are a huge fucking hammer they don't want brought so they try to self regulate.  
Eh if your daughter corrects those two zeroes, Dat Ass is priority #1 conversationally. 
It's worse when you live in a small town that collects most of its income from tickets. I drove under two miles to McDonald's yesterday and passed six speed traps. The police have nothing better to do than sit in their dark, unmarked vehicles with the lights off and radar. Well, that and pepper spray teenagers for skating in an empty parking lot. Florida's great. 
It's hard to not see it when you can see all the facebook profiles of people who graduated ahead of you and notice that not everyone got good jobs or are doing anything with their lives even if they went to college. And on sites like Reddit you can easily find stories of people doing jobs not related to their degree because they couldn't find anything. 
If he's able to learn C++ well right off that bat that is great. I never had any programming until college and once I did get some taste of programming I loved it.  If your child isn't keen to take on C++ (as it might be a little 'dry' for a youngin') you might look to the higher 'framework' languages (like swift, or .net framework with C#) which don't get into the dirty parts that C++ will have, but will increase his interest in programming. I hope your son is enjoying programming. I love the ability to 'make solutions' that programming allows.  Good Luck! 
Been there!  Rejected for an internship and they actually wrote in their letter that they wanted someone with more experience.   (Joke's on them, though -- a month later I was accepted for a full-time position with a more established company in the same field, and a few years after that, the company that rejected me went belly-up.)  
Most males use suicide such as hanging or guns which will kill you pretty quick and usually works.   Females tend to use something like OD on pills or slitting wrists which is slower and is less reliable? (If that's the right word for it) 
Worked for a company that was working for Dell. Part of my job was to remote into other computers to do stuff and fix issues.  Took about 2 or so months for them to allow me Internet access. Yet they still couldn't work out why I didn't do work during that time, even though they had been told numerous times.  Yeh I worked in a place that didn't want to give me Internet access to do a job that requires the Internet.   
Am surprised you got caught, school administration is normally very tech illiterate. I could have told them straight up that I use a VPN and they would think it was done kind of drug. 
Our senior ditch day was ruined because our "valedictorian" had her mom ask the school if it was an excused absence. Are you fucking kidding me?? The answer was in the name! 
You mostly get girls in underpants with those search words. It is important to be able to use google in a good way, so you need to have a talk with him. 
...since parents aren't doing it.  I had the first "talk" with my son at 10. (Basic plumbing, dangers of becoming a young father, and mention of disease and the possibility of his weiner falling off.) Small discussions and questions along the way since. We'll have the final talk this year as he turns 13. (Foreplay, what diseases and why you might wish they actually made your weiner fall off, consent and the danger of being labeled a sex offender, emotional harm, etc.) 
... I'll give you an upvote, but I'm not happy about it. 
Yeah he'll be taking Java and Python in high school, but until I can get him into a programming classroom I figured I'd try to teach him nuts and bolts stuff. He builds computers with me so memory management during software development is something I want him to understand/think he can understand.  
I beleive this is correct, in most cases women feel they need to leave peaceful, where men are more likely to just end it quick and easy.   
There's some sleeper IT guys in school administration.  It's a steady paying gig with regular hours that you're usually doing by yourself, and with little supervision.    For someone coming out of corporate life it's easy enough to look past the pay cut and take the easy pope gig, and get paid to troll high school students all day.   
How was it ruined? Just ditch like normal. Them knowing ahead of time or not doesn't change anything. 
"Son, your bad spelling and lack of keyword knowledge will never show you a quality vagina." 
This is exactly the kind of thing that shows what is wrong with some parents. They think their child has looked up porn and they're mad? I assume you were a teenager when this happened. 
The only talk I ever got was when my dad told me "If you get a girl pregnant, you don't have to marry them.  Pay for an abortion, take care of the kid, be a father, whatever, but only marry someone if you actually want to marry that person.  You can be a parent without having to be married to the other parent.  Both sides being happy for themselves is best for the kid." 
We got the cops called on us as kids probably around 13 or 14 for hitting Crab Apples with golf clubs to clear out of our neighbors yard. Which the neighbor asked us to do because the bees/wasps love them. So we decided hitting them with golf clubs was the most fun option. Crochety old neighbor next door called up the cops and the cop came and was like "Yeah so you guys have permission to clear these out? Did he say with golf clubs? No? Well... Carry on I guess" Old ladies with too much time on their hands are the worst. 
Unlock your phone so I can illegally search it or I'm going to arrest you!  
A man rented a small cabin in the woods with his wife for the weekend.  She wanted to get away and relax for a bit and he wanted to get some fishing in.     One morning, she woke up early and took the small row boat out on the lake to read her book.  No sooner did she get settled than a park ranger shows up and demands to see her fishing license.  She says she doesn't have a fishing license but that the equipment is her husband's and she wasn't touching it.   The ranger says "But you have all the equipment here... that's good enough for me".   She responded with "If you try to ticket me I'll accuse you of rape... even though you didn't touch me, you have all the equipment for it... seems good enough to me".   That probably didn't work either. 
At my school, when the administration caught wind of a skip day, they would enforce rules very strictly for an unexcused absence, meaning your teachers had to give you zeros for anything missed that day and it also opened you up to getting put into detention.  I more than made up for that time my senior year when I'd skip out on pep rallies. Not too upset about not having a skip day. 
Your dad is a wise man. I've watched several people ruin their lives doing exactly this. Don't compound your mistake by tying yourself to the wrong partner.  
Is there a law on this, so I can actually source it instead of a random Reddit comment? 
I'm 35.  I don't even know what the fuck a VPN is. 
"we believe the new drug 'VPN' has been sold to children by 'The 4Chan' more tonight on 'The Factor'..." 
Fuck, senior skip day was a set day every year and the teachers mostly planned around it at my school. 
Son, your search history is a disgrace. What is this, amateur hour?  
My wife and I talk about this all the time. Growing up my brother and I at ages 5 and 7 respectively were outside riding our bikes and going from playground to playground in our neighborhood literally all day every day. Some days we'd be gone for probably 8 hours straight in the woods or fishing at some pond a few miles from our house when we were around 10 years old. Nowadays there are parents getting fucking arrested for letting their children walk around the neighborhood unsupervised in my area. It's fucking insanity. The thought of letting my 10 year old and her 8 year old brother do even a fraction of some of the things we got up to as kids in the late 90's and early 00's is unthinkable. Not because I wouldn't like to give my kids some more freedom, but because I'd be scared at what some busybody fuck or overzealous cop might do to them/us for godforbid letting our kids be kids.  
Yeah but the high from a single whiff of Old Spice Original is enough of a gateway drug that it's clearly to blame for your current coke habit. 
I don't know why but this was the only one that made me laugh out loud.  
How would that work if they were home alone? Would someone just break into their house exclusively to ask them questions? 
Yeah, I can't imagine Mr. Salt n' Glass Penis-Tube up there sleeps well at night. 
You have to let them get some sleep, otherwise they'll die from sleep deprivation.  Let's make it random whether the scream goes off or not. Maybe 1 out of 10 times. Enough so that on the outside they appear to be functioning normally but they're being slowly driven insane by Satan jacking their Bluetooth speaker. 
But wouldn't getting half a boner be an awkward situation, thus giving you a full boner?  
I remember back in the day when you could (if a friend's Facebook was left unattended) set someone's _default_ group for status updates to 'only myself'. This resulted in the user being relegated to their own, solo, echo chamber of sadness... Quite cruel, really.  
But any advertisement will load in perfect HD and have no buffering. 
I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small, drive my daughter to a school that's too expensive, and then I go to work to a job for which I get paid too little... but on pretzel day... well, I like pretzel day... 
I'd prefer giving them that feeling of having to cough but no matter how much they cough nothing ever comes up. They keep coughing because they figure "This time, something will break loose and I'll have some relief" but no. No relief. They keep coughing because there's something in their lungs but it never comes out. 
I have one of those stereotypical Asian parents. One of my friends would just randomly blurt out "Hey, when was that paper you needed to write due?" or "Are you ready for the math test?" and for the next week, my mom would be all "Pbghin! No playing video games, you have test coming up!" I'd correct her, but the idea of "there might be a test/paper/project due" outweighs the idea of "James is a shit-stirring asshole." 
I have no feeling in parts of my right arm. No feeling, that is, except for when it's itchy. I can feel the itch, but *I can't feel it when I scratch*! It's like nothing is happening. And the itch just stays there for hours, maybe even a day or two. It's literally an itch I can't scratch and it drives me nuts! 
And replace all of their salt with calcium bromide. 
Christ almighty, it's difficult to imagine what that would be feel like. Nice curse 
Time to castrate myself, because if people knew the sexual thoughts I was having then they'd run away. 
Ow god Jerry you can't even get your own name right. 
Hold off on this, I'm experimenting with behavioral altering by purposefully stumbling into them. Especially if they have their fucking laptop open walking around. 
or, instead of deleting browser history it would make browser history viewable to everyone.  
Just picturing this being implemented is hilarious. In places like the person's home or work, a device of some sort could be placed above the door to dispense glitter. For other places though I can only imagine someone hanging above the door waiting for this person to walk under or someone would have to follow the person with a bottle of glitter and sprinkle it on them every time. I think in order to not be predictable, each doorway would have to have a different person who pours the glitter.  
as someone with hyperhidrosis and social anxiety this is just another day for me  
Joke's on you; they will utilize this for free clean energy generation, making millions!! 
I like this. Very creative. You have a talent. You're probably on a CIA recruitment list somewhere. 
Alright, I thought we were doing funny comments here, not ones which hurt. 
This is actually a thing - although to a lesser degree than you intended, I imagine.  It's called distichiasis. For me, the most annoying bit is that I get these regular length eyelashes in the inner corners of my eye. They'll poke/tickle my eyeball and cause random tears ( crying not damage ) until I pluck them.  I get them less often and shorter in the outer corners, and least of all on the mucous membrane of the middle of the lids ( bottom more than top ). 
Had this happen to me IRL. I took sleeping pills until the problem went away. When I'd wake up, I'd often spend the entire time crying because it was so uncomfortable.  Can confirm, this is the definition of hell. I have fonder memories of being stabbed. 
Thanks to a one-two punch of OCD and synesthesia, I can't round the tv volume to multiples of five, so come at me. 
This is fucking horrible, maybe the worse not violent one for me. I have a pretty serious drug problem and usually the only time ill stop and go home is after a few days because I smell, I don't know why but for me being smelly is maybe the. Most embarrassing thing, strangely more than being a drug addict.    
that's clever as fuck, and would be insanely inconvenient. 
My wife and i agreed that if either of us was terminal, instead of stringing it out by "making us comfortable", we bail on the hospital, say goodbye to our loved ones, and go on a bender, that for the terminal one, wont end. 
So... ulcerative colitis? I already have that. What else you got? 
But if they read a left-sign (and understand right) they will try to go right but then go left because they always turn wrong, which makes them right again....? 
Finally a good answer that is not a magical curse. 
Honestly this one wouldn't affect me much.  Sometimes hearing a spoiler just makes me want to watch the movie even more to see the events leading up to it or afterwards.   The exception would be movies with an important twist, spoilers suck for those.  
Pretty sure necropheliacs wouldnt have an undying fetish... 
Ok, that's a unique one. But it's pretty evil too. The octopi would almost certainly die pretty much immediately so you're gonna have some nasty rotting octopus everywhere for a few weeks, at least until it rains. 
Ha, you fool! I already suffer from this! Your plans have been foiled. I also look like a panda from the dark circles under my eyes all the time - even when I sleep properly.  :( 
Ha, lucky for me I'm shit at electronics already. In fact the more blue smoke I inhlae, the worrse I become as eloctrics. bortle baby bortle 
Even worse if you lose your job and it keeps happening. 
That would eventually be fatal. Without any real sleep, your health will fail and you'll die.  
Make it higher odds, like 4 out of 10. This is supposed to be a curse and with my last act of non murder, I'm gonna splurge to make sure they're miserable when they go to sleep at night, not mildly inconvenienced. 
Came to say this, lol, it's not a curse, it's a real parasomnia, and it sucks! 
Maybe, but then since it's no longer awkward, it would deflate back down. Thus becoming humiliating again. 
Nope, his job pays slightly too little cuz his rent is slightly high. The taxi driver went slightly too slow to avoid avoiding the accident.  
The only videos they could watch is the important videos list. 
Thank God I didn't have friends until my parents stopped giving a shit and moved on to shaming my brother for being a disgrace to the dynasty  
Have you tried using a mirror and scratching where the itch is on the other arm? You might be able to trick your brain into feeling the scratching.  
And replace all of their calcium bromide with sugar 
Nothing is worse than meeting your best possible self from all the choices in life you has to make over time. 
Then it just turns into "Back before I was castrated, I'd totally have tapped that." 
Try to look out for the contractors testing signal strength for telecom. They get shit on enough and actually serve a purpose stopping and finding dead spots etc. 
maybe that's why babies cry when they poop, they're learning to ignore their assbuds 
You can lead a horse to water but you cannot make him sink. Except with concrete shoes.  
Interviewer:So why should I hire you? You: Well, did you *see* me walking in? 
Ahh the good ole "My armpits ALWAYS sweat. No im not hot just sweaty" 
Similar to when you're warm after consuming alcohol, you will still die in cold temps no matter how warm you feel. :/   
If we're doing one per day, I feel like it's important to mix it up. Random place each day. 
Admitting you have a problem is 9/10ths of the law 
It would also be a neat party trick, though, so not all bad. Could even win some bets with it if you're clever enough.    "I bet I could break this glass by dropping it an inch above this table."   "Psh, no way, you're on!"   ZIP! CRASH! 
That's my plan. I smoke and drink a lot and once I get cancer I'm just gonna ask for painkillers and go wild 
oh no my plan is flawed. i've been cursed with stupidity on my death bed!! gosh darn that jim! 
They're also insanely intelligent, so you might have a rough time finding the ones that didn't die immediately. If you have standing water anywhere, and they find it, it's their house now.  
Well I didn't know it had a name. I hear doorbells or banging on like a wall or gunshots. I don't live in a great neighborhood which I think started causing it. Some days I can never seem to fall asleep without it happening every 5 minutes. 
Holy shit, you could just let your dick do the thrusting on its own! 
It's worse than Time Warner. I didn't think that was possible, but it is.  
My Asian friend married a white girl. His parents just started completely ignoring him.  He considers it a mixed bag.  
Barbarian....who doesn't wear socks with shoes.  Hell i cant even step outside in my orange crocs without socks on.  
Doesn't work. I think it's because I only have some small patches where I have no feeling, with the areas around those patches able to feel that *something* is happening to my right arm.   (Also, it's hard to scratch one arm without using the other arm...but it is amusing to try) 
Ah, the good old sugar/salt/calcium bromide paradox 
Both. White people have the "add extra x, y, and zs sterotype" whereas black people have the "laquafanidashaida" sterotype. Both of these are jokes of course, and are not mean to offend anyone. 
Nah, I'm an engineer myself. I'm not going to bother anyone  working. I can recognize someone doing that. I'm sometimes the contractor. :) 
i'll take fleas over an animal with "bullet" in its name every goddamn day  e: christ himself could not make me pick one single fire ant, let alone a bullet ant. fleas all the way. 
I think I like this better than the original saying 
However op specified they would be too hot, rather than feel too hot, so their body would actually be warm rather than just feeling it 
But the premise is they still can't get cold, so I think he could be the greatest explorer ever 
I'm pretty sure that an extended time of complete isolation and lack of simulation would actually kill someone. They'd go insane quickly and be unable to feed themselves.  
I think you read his username wrong. He wants you to PM tits, kittens, and the letter "N" 
Not necessarily, you can't trick this curse, it will do the opposite of what you want no matter what you do. 
The problem, IIRC, is that they bound keyboard shortcuts to it, also put it in the same place as the previous button in the UI. Which was very stupid. Not to mention it muted future responses in the conversation, so not only do you look like a minion-loving idiot, you also missed all of the replies asking for clarification.  Modern web apps have already conditioned users to ignore small changes over time. 
On one hand no disappointing glares, on the other hand no free food. 
A man who wears crocs is a man on the edge with nothing to lose.  
Get a scratcher on a stick and grip it in your teeth - would be awkward as hell to use but might at least be amusing trying? 
You don't need to apologize for explaining a stereotype  
Yeah. I've had fleas (a stray cat somehow got into my house and slept in my bed with me, I shit you not) and while they suck, it's not the worst thing in the world. I've seen a video of a guy being stung by a bullet ant and I'm not taking my chances with something that has minimal mental capacity and can cause so much pain. Ant's definition of chill and my definition of chill probably vary 
you're welcome :)  my mom would be so proud of my contribution to this thread. 
I mean, you can make a horse drink with a length of rubber tube and a pump of some kind, but it will be difficult and messy. 
The only feedback you have is yourself. Imagine you can't talk to anyone. Look into a mirror, for about 2 minutes. Right in the eyes. You'll get bored and want to do something. Maybe you'll talk to yourself, or fix your hair. Now imagine there's no mirror. There is only the four walls and you.  Isolation is a horrible curse that I wouldn't put on anyone. God may have mercy on the poor future astronauts who will explore space by themselves. 
Maybe you should stop being so close to her so you can get over her before you resume the friendship.  
I didn't know about the keyboard shortcuts. Now *that's* stupid.  
Your cat was like "You seeing this shit? Literally. He shat, right there. What the fuck." 
"Never fight a man wearing crocs and a fanny pack, as he has nothing to lose and will fight to the death"  - Confucius probably 
And thats why Matt Damon kills everyone when they come to rescue him 
Or, just don't resume the friendship.  If you came to *really* like the person before, all the reasons for that to happen are still there. 
You can be friends with people you used to love, once you've moved on emotionally. 
Damn right I do, you guys are a new kind of sadistic 
It was only a matter of time till Michael Bay started filming romances. 
How do you feel about being included in so many writing prompts? 
Depends on the prompt, some are OK, others ehhhhhhh not so much 
And that's why when you have a bunch of animals in one place, it's called a zoo! 
I have 02 I feel you.   I was at a red light with my friend and a challenger shows up next to me. As a joke I start revving my engine pretending I was gonna race him. He didn't even hear my engine lol.  
No kidding. My mother was on that shit for years. One night she did deep knee bends for two hours in the dark living room. Another night she asked me "where the black man was that liked your hair", when she hadn't had a black guest in years. Yet another night she tried to make a cake - in the morning there was pancake mix, an uncracked egg and maple syrup in a bowl on the counter. Ambien will fuck you up. 
Funny. I'm pretending my 1.8t gti is a dodge viper.  
People ask me what my cam is. I tell them it's a 7/11 cam. They are like what? I say that my valves are always open. 
You can save a lot of money by just removing the exhaust system altogether.  Just sit still with the windows closed and rev away for as long as you can. I meant want. As long as you want. 
Bubble backs with 14" fart cans and shocker stickers  
Yeah, me too. Except I don't know of this thing you call "park." I have speeds 1 through 5 and a gear marked "R", which I assume is for race. 
I used to have to do this.  single carb, air cooled engines hate cold weather but it was my only way around.  I loved riding a motorcycle and loved working on it but living in a walkable neighborhood is such a relief  
Holy shit, there's a 24-7 fitness place that actually has people who work out at 2am... that's kind of awesome.  I've always wondered what it must be like to use a card lock place to go lift at 3am, some weird 24-7 Popeye-bro in there who has been waiting for years for someone to spot his benchpress. 
"Revving your engine" to kittens is pretty messed up 
Ugh I had a neighbor with two ancient trucks that he parked in front of my house.  These trucks shared *one* battery, every time he wanted to switch trucks he'd have to switch the battery.  Hoods banging, engine revving to get things flowing, don't miss that at all. 
Yes!   My neighbor just has a very shitty off roader truck thing, he likes to get started early.  To make up for it, he brings back fish or hunted meat, and hosts neighborhood bbq's.    Everyone in the neighborhood has something irritating, but we all make up for it.  Lady with the noisy dogs down the street opens up her pool on weekends.  The couple with the 3 screaming kids lets us use their amazing woodworking shop.  I have the eyesore house but let anyone load up on produce from my fruit trees/vegetable gardens, as much as they want.  Etc etc.  Whole neighborhood is like this.  The irritating stuff fades away if people give back somehow. 
Just stay the fuck away when they're pulling out of the parking lot. 
2000 Corolla  Last summer my muffler literally fell off, picked up my girlfriend later that same day and she said it sounded like a Ferrari. Nicest thing anyone has ever said about my baby.  
Ha! Never knew that. Apple has a profanity recognition algorithm that detects when customers are getting angry, and connects them to an operator. Comcast, on the other hand, has a profanity generator, known as their entire goddamn system fucking comcast get your shit together 
Yeah they are pitched so I can see the faces of the people I'm driving towards. Why would you have them any other way? 
That's an interesting idea, adding the syrup to the pancakes ahead of time. Did you correct the pancake batter and have a delicious pancake breakfast?  
Ambient horror is my favorite kind of horror. Next to post-rock. 
Sheeet...I just want the mad street credit in my bright red polo :( (secretly wishing it was an rx7) 
That's okay, you can't hear the 750 when you rev it up either.  It's like listening to a velvet lion gently purr. 
For about a year my car did this. Unintentionally. Every time I would use the key to unlock it (key fob didn't work) it would go off. It wasn't a enjoy hearing it as much as embarrassed I didn't really have the money to get it looked at it the time. 
I thought 7/11 was called 7/11 because it is open from 7am til 11pm? 
Oh dear, it's metastasized to your radiator (I know nothing about cars). 
Don't worry he'll be revving his wake up engine for you then too 
Dats like an alarm clock or sumthing, you should be up cooking breakfast an'way 
My brother is actually Satan and once an hour he has the fuzziest of kittens tied and tortured to death by blind otters that he doesn't feed. 
Except Harleys sounds like shit due to their horribly fucked up engine design 
Ah you don't know? The revving makes you slowly deaf, so you hear less of the stupid things we say and the relationship gets better! 
Yes, this. Some little shit at my work thinks his fart can civic needs to be damn near red lined to get it to warm up when we're leaving work. JUST LET IT IDLE YOU RICEY LITTLE BASTARD.  
Its the highest gear. You go from 5 to R as fast as you can driving around 180kph. That's when things really start happening 
this particular one gets used at all hours of the day, but the broiest of the bros with their tricked out 3fast5furious civics and window-rattling bass cabs tend to be the ones that work out between 12 - 2am, and they tend to be the ones that tokyo drift out of the parking lot, but not before taking 30 minutes to come down from their cross-fit high, sitting in their car listening to what I can only assume is an album of the sickest bass lines to ever be dropped, and only the bass lines.  When I moved to this neighborhood I thought it would be pretty nice living within walking distance of a gym, I'd have no excuse not to work out. Now I hate that place and the particular type of moron it brings around the area late at night. 
"Honey, it's five a.m. come back to bed."  "It's those goddamn kids and their Ira Glass again." 
Should've bought him a cheap battery as a gift and leave it next to his car, no more noise and he might've gotten the message it's loud  
My girlfriend has a '98 Corolla, unfortunately still with muffler after 200,000 miles.  My best friend has a Grand Prix and the muffler has a giant crack so it basically does nothing. People say that sounds like something bigger too. 
My dad bought 1000 knives from an infomercial and it came with a katana 
Ambient horror movies are the best. They just establish a real low, mellow baseline sense of terror and let it sort of hang their without escalation.  
Do you guys like your cars? I'm getting my license next month (the age for license in my country is 18 and i'm 19), thinking about getting a polo. Any thoughts? 
VR6's scream like the devil with a proper exhaust. You can never stop smiling 
It's scary how well you are able to describe my ownership experience 
They have to create the sound and pipe it through the speakers! 
It would metastasise to either the cam gear, the lifters and the rockers or really just the rest of the head in general. Really not a good situation unfortunately.  
Gotta triaxleate the induction capacity to 5.1-ish to compensate.  
Motorcyclists use this reasoning too, loud pipes save lives is the mantra. Except there's no evidence of that, and really they just like being loud because they think it makes them look cool. 
With a username like yours, Chad is the least of your douche bag name issues. Brah. 
It is the best dick, believe me. I don't know. A lot of people are saying it. They call me and they say your dick is enormous.  You tell me. 
Hey man, Harley's are the most efficient things on the road for turning gasoline into noise. 
Lol isn't the point in 'warming up' (esp fuel injected cars) to let the engine idle/drive at low rpm to get the oil warm? How can you think revving it high helps here?  I know carbureted cars are a different story. 
Yep, it's better to warm the engine while moving. Just keep the RPMs low for the first few minutes. 
I feel like you're me.  You don't happen to live in Colorado off of 470 and Broadway do you haha.  I just bought a house RIGHT up the street from a 24 hour fitness.  It is seriously the broiest of bro central.  The hilarious part, is that it's in Highlands Ranch (which, in this state, is suburbia exemplified), where you wouldn't think the bronozzles would be hanging out. 
Ha! Fuck you guys. 96 Corolla. Do I win? She's grey lavender and I call her the Misty Plum.  
I like to think he was just ordering a present for his sober self. 
I was on Ambien and one night I kept trying to eat a taco, but I couldn't eat it. It was a picture on a taco shell box. That along with many other things that happened that night showed me that I shouldn't take it anymore. 
A Polo is a good choice for your first car. Drives nice, relatively cheap to drive and maintain. Look for one with a recently replaced timing belt and you should be safe from any expensive repairs for a while. 
I feel like you're not getting the respect you deserve. I want you to know I'm here clapping for you. 
Had 7 of them thanks to vwvortex and the MK3 guys. Moved on to BMW. Same amount of problems but RwD 
Some of the Civic Si's had a hose that came off of the intake and diverted sound into the cabin. So you could hear your engine rev. VTEC, yo!  Not making that up. 
This must be what it feels like when I talk about algorithms and computer science. 
That sounds dangerous, we should probably ban that technology. 
Those people were uncultured assholes. Probably never read Gatsby, either.  
I live in a house that used to be owned by a dude in a motorcycle gang. Every single Harley that drives by my house revs or opens their throttle up to max as they pass by. Every. Single. One. Bikers use their loud pipes to say hi. 
Wouldn't a turdcervix indicate a complete lack of douche? 
Ferrari engines too. They are tuned to a certain note.  
You don't need to warm up any semi modern car these days, just don't drive it hard as fuck right away. 
I know exactly where that 24 is, and can confirm the unusual existence of the broiest of bros, the 1 percenters of the bro world if you will. They seem so out of place in the suburbiest suburban area in the state.  
'96? Not even close. I got married and my new wife brought a '71 Toyota Corolla with her. Cardboard dash and interior. Black Vinyl upholstery. Manual choke lever on the dash (I am serious). Top speed 67. The cherry red had faded to an uneven light pink - EXCEPT the trunk which had to be repainted (in America) after my she had locked the keys in it with wine at 1ge 17 and got her older sister's pos bf to crowbar it open. Claimed ignorance so insurance fixed it.  But to be fair, it stopped running so I sold it to a friend at work for $50 and some weed. So you probably still win. 
Damn do I feel for you. Sometimes a taco is all you need to be right with the world for the moment, don't take that away from me_ 
Also, the Top Gear trio love it. They might bumble and muck about but they know their stuff. The Cool Wall was legit. 
The BMW i8 has partly synthesized exhaust sound combined with speakers piping and amplifying the real sound through the cabin. 
The thing about Ford is they always try and drive it in 
Plebes.  I'll wager they don't even have the James Joyce collection. 
I suppose you need to specify which universe. Somewhere, there's a universe getting ready for the 27th season of the show. 
You should greet them with an air horn. After you jump out of the bushes. 
Just so your brother is aware, every single other person in the world as he drives by thinks "Wow that guy is an asshole!". 
Fair point.  Also, I just threw up in my mouth a little. 
He saw that the dicks were out as he had commanded, and it was good. 
Lexus had the LFA's exhaust designed by Yamaha to also produce a certain note. 
Boxer engines in the extreme cold require a warmup period due to oil starvation. But it's all of about 60 seconds after turning it on. 
My 95 sounds like a kitten purring, then you hit 40 mph and the car becomes acoustically attuned to sound of the drive grinding. But hey, the A/C blows colder than a snowmans balls. 
It's like the hokie pokie: left foot in, right foot in, left foot out 
Yeah because that's an excellent thing to do to a member of a motorcycle gang. 
I think I may win this one! My 91 corolla is so quiet when it idles I sometimes tap the gas to make sure I didn't stall. Then the cooling fans kick on and I can hear it from inside my bedroom past 3 closed doors and my computer's speakers. 
455's are torque monsters. Small bore and big stroke. They don't like to rev high because of that so you don't see many at the track. 
... and you do a big burnout. That's what it's all about! 
We go to bed, you doze off  So I take your country-girl clothes off 
And speed parts are crazy expensive compared to the Chevy, fords, hemis. 
Or you drift it all about, depending; that tofu isn't going to get itself up the mountain. 
I put my hands on your bodyIt feels like hay**IT'S A FUCKING SCARECROW AGAIN** 
Perhaps even grandma was abused herself and that could be what drove her to do it. 
Damn. That guy was fully responsible for his own death, you just happened to be there. Lucky he didn't take you with him.  It's a shame, but double the speed limit in the middle of the night with no lights? 100% his fault. 
To hold a stranger's hand in his final moments. You are a beautiful person. I hope you are okay now.  
That seems like it should have definitely been at least a two person job. 
And don't make illegal u-turns like a dumbass. That would've solved the issue.  
Thats not your fault. You didn't let somebody too drunk drive. Thats what you're *supposed* to do. 
He got to spend his last few days with his grandkids, and helping his child through a rough patch. If you could ask him, I bet he wouldn't regret his decisions at all. 
why did he attack you? was he on drugs or had a mental breakdown? 
You can't live your life at the beck and call of everyone else. It's healthy to take time for yourself. I'm sorry that this happened in this case and I understand why you feel guilty, but you couldn't have known. 
As part of my job, I work with seniors to improve their reflexes and balance.  These are things that degrade with age.  In most demographics, falls kill more older adults than anything other than heart disease and cancer.  People with good balance and quick reflexes rarely seriously injure themselves from a fall.  Your grandfather in his younger years could have recovered from his misstep, or could have gotten his arms out in front of him in time.  Frailty, decline, and bad luck killed your grandfather, not you.  It could have been a crack in a sidewalk. 
Sometimes people do this as a means of suicide.   It's unfortunate you were involved and had to deal with the fallout but it wasn't your fault.  
I wonder how many lives you unknowingly saved by repoing someone's car. 
It may take or have taken you a long time to believe this, or maybe you never will, but you did him a really big favour.  
I had a similar but less serious incident as an adult in Taiwan. A friend dropped me off at the place I was staying. I opened the door on the kerb side and a kid on a bicycle slammed into it. He was ok, a few scratches. What some may not realize is that sidewalks are uncommon in Asia and so the area between buildings and cars is still road. The reaction of my friends suggested this was my fault and I should have looked before opening the door. 
You aren't clairvoyant. I know you're in this profession to help and I completely understand the frustration, anger and sadness that comes with hindsight, but please don't beat yourself up when all of your efforts and training don't turn out to be magic. Focus on the people you do save, while still having sympathy for the ones you couldn't. I'm positive the former outweighs the latter.  
My girlfriend gets pissed when I don't respond to that kind of thing while doing something potentially dangerous. This is exactly the kind of thing I'm afraid of.    I'm sorry for your loss man. 
Do you remember this or did your parents tell you?  
You say that you were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but hey, you're alive. Sure, it would be great if that man had survived, but if he had been in front of you, you'd be the dead one, and he'd be typing up this comment now. I know that it sucks that you had to be involved in something like this, but fate works in cruel, yet mysterious ways. Maybe the guy would have died the next day from a heart attack or something? I know, still awful to think about, but look on the bright side: at least you weren't texting and driving. If that had been the case, then yeah, it would have been a lot more awful if someone had died because you were distracted, but that's not what happened. The other guy just got really unlucky that day. 
Neither of you knew about his condition.  He was essentially a ticking-time bomb.  The circumstances of it suck, but it's not your fault. 
Hey, it might not have been your kit that was used. Even if it was, you had no way of knowing what would happen. 
Even then the decision making is difficult. They saw someone sprint out of the building, they opened fire. What if it was a Chechen soldier or a marauder with a gun? They were in the same moral predicament I was. They did not want to shoot a 17 year old girl, but they took the chance of what they thought was right and when they saw someone sprint, they opened fire.   We do so many actions thinking we have the best moral interests and we still commit atrocities in those split second moments. I don't blame myself, I blame whoever put us in such a horrible situation that that had to happen. Those decisions were not made by us, they were made by the men who created the war and pushed so far as to create an environment in which people HAVE to make those decisions.  
This was my thought too. All too often love gives someone rose-tinted glasses, so it seems likely he did something to damage that.  
Im very sorry to hear about your sister, and thank you for the kind words. I've had to stop trying to associate 'blame' and who made the mistake where--it just goes down a hole that doesn't have a good outcome.  
They replaced the street lights that day, pretty fucked up it took a death to save a few cents.  
I don't know the full details on that, but I do know that the chat logs were saved so the blame was really taken off of us. We demonstrated meteorologically why we wanted hail. His argument was "I have more stripes, get rid of it." I just wound up having a discussion with my commander about it in private and he basically said that no one pulls rank on the weather. Next time this happens, we have to stick to our guns and don't get pushed around by a "senior" forecaster.  
Thanks. I don't know about that.  I was scared.  I was trying to keep him awake until the paramedics got there.  I didn't want to move him out of the car,  I felt like we shouldn't move him in case he had trauma to the body but bystanders insisted.  He looked so lonely stretched out on the sidewalk and I kept thinking about how his long life had led to this,  a car wreck with a 16 yr old girl.  I used to think about it a lot,  that my voice was the last he heard,  my hands were the last he felt and if that even means anything.  I don't know if he was even aware I was there.  It's been a long time, I'm 37 now but I think about him every January 2nd which was the day of the accident.  His family being so gracious and reaching out to me made a big difference in how I coped at the time.   
It should have but in most cases the staff to aid ratio is ridiculous. Imagine being left to care for 33 people that's what our third shift does anywhere from 25 to 33 people most of them total care several are bariatric residents. CNA'S are not valued enough for what they do. 
Seriously this. Last Summer, I was vacationing with my family and girlfriend in California. We stopped at a wide, slow-moving river and we got in to swim. Girlfriend had never been swimming in water deeper than she could stand in before and I grew up with a full size pool and could swim really well. Girlfriend was supposed to stay near the shallow part but somehow ended up in the deeper area. I came over to push her back to shore and it was SO exhausting to nudge her the 8ft back to the nearest grabbable surface while also trying to keep her head above water. I almost passed out from exhaustion when I got to shallow water and my legs were shaking like crazy.  Definitely could have easily drowned. 
I understand that that would've probably happened but I still wish I could've helped somehow. 
It was a very small town and the driver was old. Still no excuse. Things can happen.  
Exactly. Think of what would happened if he drove drunk with another passanger. Him, his passanger, and any number of people in 1 ir more vehicles coukd have been killed. Likely, at least one life ended up being saved that day. 
Or suicidal, even drunk me would probably look for a more comfortable place to pass out than train tracks.  
The gun is always loaded.  It's not a toy, end of story. A hunter should know better than to give a firearm to a kid outside a safe environment (shooting range). 
This woman obviously believes she has nothing to live for, so I second the 'she's not fucking around' angle. It makes me sad that the mother could never find closure or place responsibility where it should have been, and that it's not allowing this person to move on with their lives. 
Hey, no ones said it yet so I'll say it. Congratufuckinglations, you're strong as hell and I hope you continue strongly on your new journey! I wish the best for you and wish you well along the way! Keep counting those months, soon they'll turn to years.  
Good point. I was at a pool party for 6-7 year olds, and I remember diving into the pool and accidentally landing on one of the other kids who was lurking underneath the water. One of the adults saw this and pulled the kid out of the water. I am really thankful to have had that supervision. 
The thing that makes it feel like my fault is that after his second DUI he asked me to keep his gun so it wasn't an option. He then asked for it back a few months later to go shooting, I reluctantly gave it back to him and said to give it back afterwards. He said he was getting counseling and other things to help with his troubles. I would compare him to Robin Williams, he was typically the life of the party and could cheer anyone up. It just hurts knowing the last thoughts about me were that I hated him. I didn't/don't, I was just frustrated with him because I cared about him. 
Its easier to cope with the loss if there is some sort of scapegoat. They probably know on the inside he didnt do anything. And social pressures and not seeing the signs are why he'd blame himself If I were to guess. But the last part is very true. He obviously had the  intent to commit suicide, he would've done it one way or another.  
One night I was out drinking with a friend that kept saying he wanted to go get some coke (cocaine). I didn't have any interest and told him no thanks. Told him to just go home and call it a night. We went our separate ways. Got a call the next morning from a detective because he was found dead. He overdosed. Obviously that was crushing, sad news. But I also felt terrible. I felt sick. I felt guilty. What if I went with him? Could I have changed the outcome of that night? Well, his mother, whom I had never spoken to before, called me a few days later to tell me that she absolutely does not blame me at all. She said he was "a big boy and only he was responsible for his decisions." I didn't realize it at the time, but thinking back, that call really really helped me. 
Drugs. Alcohol and pcp. I could smell alcohol, of course. I didn't know about the drugs until a while after. 
I think this is very important.  This reminds me of a post here where a little girl had to have surgery and she was not allowed to eat the day before. Of course her parent gave her food and she almost died.  People often think that these questions/advices are "just protocol". It can help to remind them they might die. 
If they've got something to hide, then they will hide it.  If you're lucky, you *might* get the truth if you get loved ones away from them, but then you also might not. 
This and suicide by cop are just despicable acts leaving monstrous guilt and pain 
It always seemed like I killed him in my 9 year old perspective. Like I was sitting there watching as he died thinking he was ok 
No. Not following basic road rules as a driver is the stupid fucking thing you can do. 
The investigation lasted nine months, at first they wanted to charge me with negligent homicide, it ended up getting brought down to a negligent driving ticket. There really was no grounds for that either but it seems everyone that day got something. The bus driver was substitute and she was no longer allowed to sub bus driving and the victims boyfriend who was walking with her but didn't get hit, he got a Jay walking ticket.   Years later the family tried to sue everyone, but it got thrown out due to a time limit they had to file. My insurance company handled everything, I never spent a day in court. You could imagine what that would do to anyone let alone a 17 year old kid. Reliving in therapy is one thing, taking the stand would have destroyed me. I never even finished counseling. I wish I did. I'm still dealing with it to this day and I just turned 36. 
Why the fuck would the pedestrians walk over a red light when there is traffic?  Is it just the German inside me that doesn't think this is weird? 
Probably quite a few.  Roughly a third of our repos have "empty alcohol cans/bottles" on the inventory list.  I've never really thought about it until just now, but that does pop up quite often.  Thank you for pointing this out to me.   
I really hope so, although I haven't seen it that way before. Thanks. 
Here in Canada, if you open your car door, you're responsible. You are required to look to be sure it's safe, since someone walking or riding along can't predict when someone will open their doors.  
My girlfriend gets mad when i tell her to take her feet off the dashboard when i'm driving. Every time i have to explain to her what would happen to her legs if we were to get in an accident. 
unrelated, but during my time in high school, a kid shot himself due to being bullied incessantly. kid was a freshman, and it seems that after he died, everyone apparently was his friend afterwards. even the kids that fucked with him. might be a coping mechanism, might be something else more selfish, either way, he suddenly gained a lot more friends in death than in life. 
I Actually learned this from my grandmother when i was 13  
Life long asthmatic that has it under control now. You are totally correct. It is often exercise enduced or can be triggered in other ways but it is a pretty quick thing, not delayed. Not your fault at all.  
Also, he should've gone to the hospital. It's unfortunate to say that he may have done it to himself 
Doesn't even need to know the month. He'll, they can get away with "Accident x city x month/year".  I'm an emergency medical dispatcher and we never get to know the outcomes of the calls we take so it's something we often check. 
The second time a passenger ... critiques my driving, my go to is, "Do you want to fucking drive? Because I can pull over and let you have the driver's seat."  My wife was mad at me for three days, but she hasn't done that shit since. 
Exactly. You did what you thought was best and a terrible accident, well out of your control, occurred. I wish you the best and I hope that you can learn to handle and overcome that pain one day. Much love. 
I agree. Couldn't anyone just order an arduino online? I'm sure they're really easy to get anywhere.  
There is. That's why it's something I hate myself for.  
Yeah like maybe for her it was kind of okay to be the receiving end of her husband's abusive behavior but after knowing that he has also been harming their grandchildren, she goes that's it, it has got to stop. 
Thank you for the condolences, but my real message was, in instances like this, "blame" can't be directed - understanding the actual causes is almost as complex as understanding the results, and you were unfortunately caught up in a terrible story outside your own. I hope you've "moved on" as best as you can and have come to realize none of this was your fault - you were an unfortunate victim in someone else's story, and I hope it doesn't follow you 
Unfortunately it's called Blood Priority, very well known in the aviation industry.    
This is the part I don't get: Who cares if they object, regardless of their rank. You are the forecaster. It's your forecast (your subordinate's, in this case) with your initials on it. So long as your forecast is consistent with the operational area forecast, note the objections in your forecast worksheet and leave your forecast as is. If it doesn't verify, then be prepared to write up the missed forecast review. Too f-ing bad for the guy that doesn't want to brief it. 
No, they certainly are not. When I was a brand new nurse CNAs saved my ass on multiple occasions. Cannot thank them enough for all they do!   
I agree. I decided to end care for my now late husband. He had severe brain damage from a car accident he had. No chance of recovery. I knew it was the best thing to do. Couldn't leave him hooked up to a vent with feeding tube for my own selfish reasons. It wouldn't of been fair. But I didn't know exactly what end of care was until we were in it. They pulled fluids, feeding tube etc. It took 6 days for his body to finally release him from it. Watching him die slowly, hopefully never in pain. They did give anti anxiety meds and pain meds around the clock in hospice to help, and he never appeared to be in pain. But shit.... Watching that... Watching him die slowly... It broke me. I remember the minute he passed away...I cried so much because he left but also felt peace that he was no longer stuck in his body.  
My great grand mother passed a few years ago, and it was one the most..  non-sad? funerals I'd ever been to.  I mean, we all loved her and missed her, but for about a year before that every time you left it would be like;  "See you at Christmas grandma!"  "Oh, I hope not."  She was there, mentally.  She was mostly blind, from cataracts.  And she was just..  ~~waiting~~hoping to die.  And she let her wishes be known.  I just wish we were in a society where one could just.. opt out, in a legal, humane, acceptable way. 
Also, drown victims are very dangerous to be near, they'll push themselves up on anything or one near them. No way in hell an 8 year old could've saved another drowning 8 year old in the ocean. It's nothing like swimming in a pool.  
As an adult with training, maybe.  As an eight year old? Not a chance. The *best* you could have *maybe* done was stay back and encourage him. But most likely you would have simply witnesses him going under for the last time first hand. Not a memory you need.  Sorry you lost him that way. 
I can't drink because I become deeply suicidal. I keep it at bay sober. 
Yeah as a non-firearm user this is the rule I live by. Can it fire a bullet?  If so, assume it's loaded. 
Oh I agree. The fact that he has restraining orders against her and the police don't do anything about those threats is a joke. They are legitimate. I understand she lost a child, but also, this man did not kill her daughter. 
We had a pool party for my daughter's 6th grade graduation party and we hired a lifeguard so the adults could relax a bit and not have to stand by the pool the whole time. 
That was me when I was a teenager.  Was at the beach and swam out to a buoy -- I wasn't (and still am not) a good swimmer, and by the time I got there, I was completely exhausted.  I was hanging onto the buoy while frantically waving to a passing boat.  The passengers smiled and waved back.  Somehow I managed to swim back to the beach.  My body felt like it was on fire and I could see my entire chest move with my heart beat. 
I've lost two close family members this way. Not the exact same living situation, but same behavior and end result. I'm sure if they were still around they would forgive you and know you were right not to let them take advantage of you. I hope you're taking care of yourself and are able to let go of feeling guilt, I know sometimes it's hard. 
It is so important what you said, "Its easier to cope with the loss if there is some sort of scapegoat" this applies to SO many situations in life.   For example, I got dumped because there was someone else is easier to accept than I got dumped because I was not the one he wanted.   
His mother doing that, and in such a timely manner given what she was coping with, is a testament to how great of a person she is. And I bet her son, your friend, was too.   I'm sorry for your loss. And you are definitely not to blame. You doing any more than just telling him to call it a night just isn't realistic. What else could you have really done in what was a normal night to you? Nothing, and suggesting he go home was going above and beyond in itself. In this life, people are gonna do what they want no matter the advice given.  
Fuck the media, they always make up shit. You were definitely not at fault here.  
I had a Spanish teacher in high school that was an anesthesiologist in Brazil before he moved to the US and told us about this happening. When they intubate someone they will gag when you're taking it out then if they ate or drank they will puke and immediately aspirate it back to their lungs and basically drown.  
My dad's a cardiologist and he calls this the "door stop". He's been practicing for almost 50 years, and says when someone is leaving his office, if they hesitate for even a fraction of a second at the door as they leave the exam room and don't sneeze, there's something they didn't tell you and you need to calmly figure out what it is.  
But surely they should have warned you, and told you to turn him on his side if he choked? If you weren't there, it would have happened either way. If they had some kind of baby monitor, shouldnt  they have come in to check on him? They probably blame themselves but took it out on you as a coping mechanism.  
My god, I had someone like that in front of me yesterday. Guy was driving a small moped with loosely fitting shoes. We come to an intersection where right of way is going left instead of straight ahead or right. This idiot makes a full stop, brakes screeching on his stupid little machine, to let a cab pass through that didn't even have right of way coming from the left. Actually, not coming in or rolling, no, standing, while waiting his turn.  If I hadn't paid attention, or any of the other 10 or so drivers behind me hadn't, this guy would have most likely been reared and the cab might have just t-boned one of us. 
I mean, as a random person on the internet I just feel sorry for you. It's like you were chopping onions as a chef, at your workplace which is a normal thing for people to do where you are at, and someone threw a person on top of you and that person got stabbed. Like, what could you do, you tried with your human reflexes, and it wasn't enough for that time. I don't know how anyone could blame you. 
You likely did him a huge favor. If I ever end up in a nursing home I hope someone will be there for me to do the exact same thing. Once all the quality of one's life is gone, remaining on earth is sheer torture. 
oh god i am so sorry. how is your relationship nowadays? 
That doesn't seem like a great age to learn that. Did it have a negative impact on you and would you rather not know it? 
I mean, if they were familiar and capable enough with Arduino to make a bomb using it, then it probably wasn't the only Arduino bomb they had made. Seems unlikely that it was the same one.   Not to mention that they would have created a bomb either way. 
Believe me, I learned all of that after this. I was zone lead, but I didn't have that much experience with it. I had certainly never received rank-based push back. Usually there some kind of met reasoning to go along with the "i don't want that in the forecast". I never let anyone control a forecast like that after this. I'm still livid that this had to occur for me to learn that lesson. And I've been on both sides. I know how shitty it is to tell the CC "hey, the weather will be straight awful for the next 12 hours. Things need to get covered and the area your critical missions are in is going to be unflyable." No one wants to hear that. But I'd rather take the heat in the moment and have no one get killed versus changing the forecast and sending dudes into a storm. 
I've thought about every possible thing that could've happened differently and that one has been hard to think about. I wish I saw him one more time since I just turned around and he was gone but seeing him go under would be too much for me.  
As someone raised with guns who owns multiple this is me even to the annoyance of others. I can unload the gun myself and hand it to someone to look at and if they point it near me I will scold them.  
Yeah, the main red flag is the arms. They don't thrash or wave, they instinctively slap the water horizontally, like they're imitating a bird. You can sort of tell that they have no control over their body, that they've just completely focused on not going under. 
When you are in trouble in the water youre supposed to raise your arm with a closed fist so it doesnt look like you are waving. There needs to be more info about this sort of thing. 
my mom was murdered and I was there and a week later when I went back to school everyone was asking me questions and the news made up shit saying she was hit by a baseball bat to the head. We didn't even own a baseball bat he just used his fists and punched her in the temple but yeah media is retarded. 
I agree theres a look that patients get if youre watching closely. I had a guy in a similar situation, denied with his wife there. He looked a little funny. Was going to apply nitro paste which wouldve been a similar effect. Didnt order paste, sent spouse on fools errand: guy had seen a prostitute the night before, hed used viagra.   Had i not been looking right at em, id have missed it, and im pretty sure he wouldve lied.  
Me: Do you have any medical problems?  78 year old Patient: Nope. None.  Me: What do you take the Lipitor,  Coumadin and Metformin for?  78 year old Patient: For my High Cholesterol, Afib, I have had a heart attack, PE. Oh and I'm diabetic.  
Balance and falls in general are so overlooked by people in good health. Living in the Northeast, I probably slip on ice 3-4 times a week during the winter. Another 20 years and that slip that I regained my balance on is me falling on my ass. Another 20 years after that and that's a broken hip.  
That makes sense it was just hard to process as death I understood but hadn't experienced it on a personal level and felt liable for the kid in the situation, i guess it was the parents fault in the end 
It's true, after all quality of life is gone, every day is Hell. My father dealt with MS and Tinitus for a long long time waiting until my big brother and I were grown enough to understand and living our own lives before he took his.  He was unhappy for atleast a decade.  He went out with some dignity, he knew he wasn't getting any better.  Still, the best man I've ever known. 
Uh... so in an unrelated incident 4 years ago right before I graduated high school, my parents kinda, for the lack of a better phrase, kicked me out? I wasn't able to do very well in programming like I had wanted and didn't build the prerequisites to go to UBC, and they basically went ballistic and never want to see me again.   I'm living alone right now, and my parents haven't responded to my contact attempts since. I'm not sure if they're even in the country any more.  
It actually better knowing,  my mom and I have had a complicated relationship,  She said that she loved me(like any mom would) but could tell there was some form of resentment and its better knowing where the resentment came from  
Well I think there are other sources. After all, the Taliban seem to have access to all sorts of weapons, so I don't think an open-source microcontroller would be too difficult for then to get their hands on. 
I do hope you're able to forgive your eight year old self. Your cousin wouldn't want you to feel bad forever.  
If I ever hand someone my gun I always double check to make sure it's unloaded then before I hand it to them I tell them to keep it pointed at the ground and act like it's loaded. Safety is key.  
honestly I'm a lifeguard and I've never heard that. That's really good advice.  
The media has a tendacy to juice up the unverifiable details. 
Yup, healthy as a horse. No reason to be seeing me. Good day, sir. 
Most suicidal people don't want to leave a mess. But sometimes you just can't think of any other way. And depression changes your mind. When you go into a depressive fugue it's like the whole world is literally gray and grainy. The person in your head isn't you anymore. 
My father passed in 2013. He had MS and had completely lost all use of his body in the 10 years before he died. He used to tell me that it took everything he had in him not to ride his electric wheelchair into traffic while he could still use his hand. I was young and selfish and thought it was horrible for him to say that. Now that I'm a little older I am a huge advocate of assisted suicide. I don't want anyone to suffer the way he did. Sorry to hear about your dad, I understand why he chose what he did and I love that you still admire him!  
How'd you afford to live?  Sorry to hear all that. :( 
I can see that. It would be better to know in that case.  
The number of NYC taxi drivers with graduate degrees from their home countries is really rather astounding.  
I would add one should also disclose herbal or nontraditional medicines because some do interact with other  drugs. At one point, I used St John's Wort, and because I had heard of some interactions, I made a point of always disclosing. I also found that even the more skeptical health professionals would still rather know everything a patient is taking. 
Jumping in front of a train was honestly one of the leading ideas I had when I was having suicidal thoughts.  I **never** wanted to leave any kind of mess for anyone, but I figured that with a train, at least my parents wouldn't have to see it and try to clean up.  They'd also not have to live around the area where I'd died.  Those were very big positives in the "death by train" column for me.  Plus the fact that it could give them hope that it was a tragic accident, if that helped them cope. 
Yeah....particularly a dick move when it's the boyfriend of a girl who just fucking died. As if that guy doesn't have enough on his plate. Like all the guilt of not moving his girl, or being more careful about crossing the street or any of that.   
My boyfriend manages a movie theater and one of his employees is a Pakistani immigrant with a master's degree in mechanical engineering. Can't get a job in his field at all. 
Thank you for that; as a pharmacist I'd like to point out that taking St John's Wort with common medications like antidepressants can potentially cause serotonin poisoning, seizures and death. Considering it's a natural, over the counter supplement used to TREAT depression (amongst other things), the amount of people who begin taking it to help their mood and don't think about how it will affect their other medications is astounding 
Had a prime view of a woman jumping right in front of a train. I was standing about one a half meters from her when she jumped onto the tracks in front of a train that was like 5 meters close.  She managed to lay down on the rail so she didn't make as much mess as if she'd get hit by the train itself.     Pretty much cleanly cut in half, made it past the first set of wheels. Must have instantly blacked out from pain, because she only got one short scream out.  Reason? Issues with her partner.  Aftermath? Train traffic stopped for a few hours, police got there first, then firemen, then paramedics (essentially just drew sticks which one of them is going to pronounce her dead), railway firemen (half an hour drive), railway inspection (about 45 minutes drive). And of course they needed to get the people from the train to their destinations.  And last, but not least she left behind two teenage children.  &nbsp;  Also one part is still bugging me. She marked her ticket right before me.  
I'm sure the cops did it to relieve the liability from OP who has to deal with having accidentally killed someone.  It  would help him if it went to trial had the family sued civilly. It would remove at least a portion of the responsibility from OP.  It sucks but it's part of the process.    
You've got a really level head and good outlook. Harbouring a grudge does you no good. Keep on pushing forward and working towards your goals. Best of luck in life man. PS shout-out to BC! 
no kidding - like textbook. From another Canadian, hope things are goin alright mon frere.  
A friend of mine was a paramedic and arrived at the scene to find a woman cleanly decapitated some old school street trolley with steel train like wheels, they had no ideas where her head was and like 15 minutes later they found it in her purse. She put her purse on her head laid in front of the trolley got chopped then the purse rolled away and snapped closed in an alley. He was a long time emt so he wasn't even mad he was just impressed  
'She opened my eyes' sounds a lot like 'she opened her thighs'.  What a douche. 
Junkies with kids? Might explain why the kids stayed somewhere else.   
They were totally different songs. You see, yours were like "ding ding ding ding da da ding ding". But theirs were like "da ding ding ding da da ding ding". Completely different songs. 
this shit always happened to me too, and making friends is not an easy feat for me, like a lot of people. i noticed each year they were always "busy" (i.e., not texting, calling, answering messages) when my birthday rolled up. no matter how far in advance we'd plan shit, i'd always be the one left alone. everyone else got plans made by the others when it was their birthday, they'd plan freaking parties for them. and i always went to their birthday whatever they were doing. that was me though, i was the one there for them and when they didn't want something i was inconvenient. always about anything. if they were having bad shit in their life i was the first one they called. first one they'd call, first one they'd blow off. it sincerely hurt how much i was there for them through a lot of heavy shit, helped them out before they were kicked out and almost homeless. fuck all those people, I'm sorry that happened to you but hell yeah it kinda working out in the end!  
I stayed friends as best I could with an ex of mine. On the surface, things seemed pretty bad as she started dating my roommate. But on the inside, she was conspiring with another friend of mine to keep me single. They told the girl I crushed on that I was just using her to make my ex jealous. Made that girl cry. Eventually made me cry after all was said and done.  It's been a year and a half and I have no regrets. The other "friend" was a shitty person anyways.   Edit 4/1/17: I have not forgotten these events, though I legitimately wish everyone the best despite this. 
If dude had depression issues then this is plausible. It's shitty but plausible. 2 depressed people are much worse than just 1.  
With the details you've given, it sounds like your sister's husband is doing some manipulating. He may have told your sister that you came on to him or something else. I never trust a go-between. 
Man, some people are sadistic. I don't get why they would get joy out of others' suffering, and to be aware that people who do that ARE sick, and yet do it themselves? Sociopathic...  These are people that eventually become the same conniving snakes in the workplace, causing toxic environments and office politics. 
I hear that... 7 years, 2 beautiful daughters, she had an affair and charged me with assault to over shadow what she did, Never laid a hand on her.  Wish I was able to get over her. I have that feeling I will carry her ghost the rest of my adult life. 
My God what a wonderful ending. Completely infuriating, though, that the teacher was able to get away with so much. How long ago was this? 
Raise your hand if you can see a chunk of pencil lead under your skin years after getting stabbed.  
Do they know you know? Or do you have a chance to mess with them back? 
There are two sure ways to lose a friend.  One is to loan money to a friend and the other is to borrow money from a friend. 
That is particularly fucking evil.  Acid tends to make _most_ people really sweet and vulnerable.  These people must have been born evil. 
dumb pieces of shit. your life should not be entertainment for others. 
Not to shit on anyone, but this doesn't really sound like she stole your boyfriend considering he was just using you the entire time. More like those two people are complete shit and deserve to be stung by wasps every 5 minutes. 
This thread makes me feel better about not having friends in the first place... 
That's when you melee him in the back, and start an impromptu deathmatch for 30 minutes in the middle of your legendary campaign. Until truce is called and you continue the campaign for another 30 minutes until the same thing happens again. 
I hope you don't hold it against him/her.  Risk alliances are supposed to end in betrayal. 
To be honest I was very angry about it, and very hurt but I had so much to do with just picking up the pieces that I couldn't even focus on them. After the graduation, what I really took from the situation is learning that I never want to make anyone feel the way I felt when they hurt me. I've been more open and more strict about honoring commitments and making sure people I care about can count on me when they are helpless.   It would be nice to see where this attitude gets them in a few years, but I think it's best to try and cast them away from my thoughts. 
Dude get ready to feel like the fun governor.  I live with my girlfriend and another friend I've known forever. Problem is that the roomy has all the world development of a teenager. Girlfriend used to be similar early on in the relationship, but she has a good head on her shoulders now when she wants to use it.  Anyhow, the amount of times I've had to be the guy to shoot down plans or ideas, or bar people from entering our home, or put the kibosh on things that even seem fun to me at the time, is insane. You regularly have to start looking out for you and yours, and it is going to suck for the first couple years. People are going to get upset and not understand at first, but they catch on and see you have a reason for it if they stick around.  
16 years later is the perfect time to exact revenge. 
Yeah, and they were probably under pressure anyway. 
That's basically what happened. But that was high school which was about 15 years ago for me.  
Giving "business stuff" to friends eh? Just lying around the house you say? How much for a gram  
That's exactly what I would have done in this situation and it's not like he'd have any right to be pissed if Op had done so.  Makes me wonder if that guy picks his "friends" based on who he knows won't challenge him over BS like this. 
yes 100%. I dated someone once who was devastatingly handsome and whenever we talked about marriage he said "I don't believe in me wearing a ring, it's different for you, you have to". Thought that was a pretty big red flag. 
 Yeah exactly.  When I figured out what she was doing I cut her out of my life like a tumor.  Didn't make it into a big scene filled with drama, just quietly turned and walked away from that friendship.  Don't need that in my life.   
My boyfriend and I both have repeated lapses of depression... Most of the time is fine.... But sometimes it gets really ugly.  When he is trying to cheer me up, it's usually okay. But if he gets into a funk I can't pull him out of, I get really depressed and sometimes breakdown for multiple days because of the feeling of unrelenting guilt that I can't help him the way he helps me.  As much as I love my boyfriend. My depression makes it really hard to be near him sometimes. 
[](/cocosad)Hard to judge on a case-by-case basis, but I get what you're saying. Helping someone with depression, especially when they're depressed for extremely long periods of time, can be very draining.  
It's really difficult for me to say because when he talked to me about it - he was uncomfortable and he truly was sorry for what was going on. Also, he even said he doesn't understand why this happened. My brother talked to her when this was happening and he just said something along the lines of: "A lot of the stress and anxiety she is having is from you. She can tell the way her husbands family treats you and they treat her differently". My sister has mental issues and is very unstable and can be unwelcoming. I made a connection with the husbands family a while ago and to me they are family. All she does is complain about his family (when they are literally the nicest and best family I have ever met in my life), so no wonder no one likes her. I guess she just got pissed off that the family is nicer to me lol but that's her problem for being not a nice person! 
Oh yeah after what she pulled off.. never again. Wedding happened January 23, and she still hasn't said anything. Doubt that she ever will.  
Work really does bring out the worst in people when you rely so heavily on it and are overburdened so much by it. 
Not to mention a VP shouldn't be going directly to an employee if there's a manager between them.  Chain of command is important in any business structure and both his former friend and the VP broke it by circumventing the manager.  Shitty deal. 
So many people try to deny that this happens, it's refreshing to see people talking about this type of behavior.  I've been the above board, blunt, "I'm just here to work" type of person my whole life, but the type that wants to create havoc for no reason has been a burden through most of my professional life. The less you participate, the more they single you out with this shit, it seems. 
Thanks... and yeah, in a way it's helped me to develop sort-of healthier friendships. I've made a lot of new friends since then and am generally well-liked by everyone that knows me, but I don't feel like I can really open up to people and the depth others see in me feels very shallow. Like they think they know me, but really they don't. It's doubly frustrating because being more closed off and fake seems to have actually helped me make friends. There's probably a lot of other things that contribute to this but this one experience seems to mark a definite change in how I relate (or rather don't relate) to others. It gets kind of lonely.  
"Hey God, can I take a trip down to hell real quick? I'll only be a second"  "Is it about brian?"  "Yes...'  "Take as long as you need" 
This happened almost 9 years ago (this coming April). My dad was overcome with grief and I was trying to hold us together, so I don't know if that even crossed his mind. It's thoughtful of you to post this and let me know. Thank you.  
I think its like a weird possessive claim on a person without having to worry about whether they return your feelings. Like if you treat someone like they're your gf/bf its creepy, but if you try to insert yourself as "theyre like my sister" its just...protective? Even if you have ulterior motives, its lile a weird loophole. Liz was NOT happy when she found that out though. She trusted the dude and he creeped her right the fuck out.   Granted, for some people its probably mutual denial. Like a "will they/won't they" situation where they rationalize their strong feelings as just caring a lot instead of romantic attraction because theyre 'close'.  Usually, though, its just a case of creepy karl.  
Yep, I've learned to be careful about cross-pollinating my various friends and social circles. You never know how things might collapse in the future. 
Yeah, but then they got back together and broke off Satan's horn in a Rock-off. 
I feel like maybe I have some insight . . . Musicians, as people, tend to fucking suck, at least when it comes to behaving responsibly. Especially within the world of punk/rock/etc., a vast majority of musicians are more concerned with the cult of themselves than they are with writing music. People and relationships tend not to matter enough to do the right thing.   source: been playing in bands for 15+ years  
If i was Dylan, I'd punch you in the dick. Atleast once. 
Yeah it still hurts if I'm being honest. I miss what we had. He's spoken about it to a few mutual friends and is all for moving on apparently, as it's 'ancient history' in his eyes... but once you lose trust in who you thought was your closest friend, there's not really any going back.  It's not, and never was, about the money. Cheers. 
This stuff happens all the time still.  Kids are virtually never believed over adults, even when there's evidence.  So much abuse continues because of this. 
That administration is everything that is wrong with education. There will always be individuals who bully and abuse, but when the administration protects them or punishes the victims, then that destroys everything. 
Yes do this EXACTLY. Tag them on Facebook, tweet at them, tag them on insta, snap them. Wherever they are and whatever social media they are on, make a huge deal about sharing the same wedding anniversary and maybe the bitch will let it go. 
I was stabbed in the hand with a pen by a girl in my class. She showed me her boobs a couple years later. We were cool after that. 
Wow, she dropped so many hints and you didn't notice. Typical guy 
I made it abundantly clear to them that I'm aware of what they did. Would having a third party send them a fake "local man found dead after harmful prank" news article be too much?  
You clearly haven't played Settlers of Catan with friends 
You know those emails you get about avoiding obvious phishing links and keeping your password safe? That's the person they're for. 
I wasn't concerned with the situation with the woman. That concerned both of us, but my family life/ethnicity/parentage and the like was fucked up.   
I once stepped barefoot onto a pile of fishhooks that was sitting on one end of the dock. I don't know why the guy thought leaving them there was okay, but it definitely was not. My brother spent the next hour pulling hooks out of my foot.  
Yeah, it's experiences like that which have made me cynical.  Also, I'm now the guy who will be first to turn up to a party or night out that someone else has organised, to help prevent exactly the sort of awkwardness that plagued me that night. 
I guess it would depend on who did the breaking up. If it was you, I can see you not caring.   It would be hard to have a friend do that if you had been broken up with and had lingering feelings for the ex. 
Wow I can't believe the prof didn't believe you but I hope karma gets to those people.  
"What happened to us?"  "Same thing that always happens. You didn't know me, then you fell in love with me, and now you know me." 
It's 1:1 same psychology. Most basic example is random loot (one armed bandit, mobs in mmo's) as uncertain reward is known to cause a higher spike than certain and just in expectation of the possibility even if you don't receive it. 
The correct response would've been "you have the wrong facebook." 
Or maybe OP really is a rapist and a pedophile. The roommate did say "secretly." So if it *were* true, OP probably wouldn't tell us because it's a secret. 
Couldn't help but chuckle at the "two bottle of mountain dew a day" comment. 
A friend of mine in college spend three months hardcore studying to learn sign language - basically all his free time that semester - to ask out a deaf girl he was crushing on. She ended up being gay. So he decided, hell, I already know sign language now, and changed his major from marketing to deaf special ed. 
No, no no no. You'd better tell us about that marriage of his. Sounds fun. 
Judging by how she handles things, I'd give it a lot less than 6 months 
As I told another person who accused me of dealing drugs, you're absolutely right! I sell tobacco for a living. Like actual tobacco. Djarums and Acid on the low end, Cohiba, Macanudo, Arturo Fuente, etc. on the high end. I'm actually not sure what my cheapest per gram item would be (probably my loose leaf stuff like fronto leafs). But I live above my shop (because that's been a dream of mine for most of my life). I love the commute, and I love the lifestyle.  
After I said that I didn't want to be in contact with the "friend," she claimed that I was stalking her. Like what. 
Why were your ex gf, new gf, and her parents all at their house?  
That's a good man right there. Sorry it didn't work out. 
This makes me think of my old roommates. They are absolutely perfect for each other, but both struggle with mental health issues, primarily depression. It's pretty easy for them to spiral. He is upset and She doesn't feel like she can help, which makes Her upset, which then makes Him more upset because he realizes that his depression has made Her upset and so on. Like you said they are mostly okay, but sometimes a minor incident will cause a week of them being down. They basically never get mad each other, but are sad at each other which is almost worse. 
I work in mental health and you really need to set boundaries and be able to detach emotionally or you're gonna have a bad time when a patient doesn't succeed 
Agreed. VP should've immediately contacted their direct superior and been like "why is this dumb fuck bothering *me* with this pointless bullshit? I have *real* work to do."  
They take it personally when you don't participate because they perceive that they're not worth your time- which is usually true. 
Sounds like the afterlife in Remember Me, one of my favourite books as a teen (it's a Christopher Pike book). The person sees their entire life and realises everything good they did and everything bad. But they experience from the perspective of the person they helped or harmed, so they feel the good and the bad emotions exactly the same as the other person did. 
I have always thought of the BTO lyrics.  "Get a secondhand guitar, chances are you'll go far, *if you get in with the right bunch of fellows*" 
Not... Uh. Really. I promptly joined a co-op consulting company and the guy handling billing was a dick and wouldn't force clients to pay that weren't his. Took me 9 months to get half what I was owed.  Next company was a start up that took advantage of me.   Next I LOVED, but I got sick, shifted to another manager, and was fired for being too sick.  Next I LOVED again, but was again fired for being too sick.  I tried making my own company, but was too sick.  Now I've given up and preparing to be a stay-at-home mom.  My very-soon-to-be-husband (drama twist: he's the office manager from my story!) just got a great job he's super excited about. 
But what if he made it all up to trick you and over an elaborate scheme taking place over 20 years he will steal your identity and all your wealth just to buy weed? 
I got stabbed in the hand with a pencil a few months before getting stabbed in the chest. 7th grade was not my favorite year.  
Prank them by torturing them for weeks on end in a shipping container and then reveal yourself as their captor by wearing the skin and clothes of that model. Trust me, it is the only way.  
*rolls a 7*  YOU MOTHERFUCKER YOU HAD A SHEEP ALL THIS TIME. I JUST SPENT 4 CLAY ON THAT SHEEP 
But what if they need my Social Security number to check if I won the prize? 
It wasn't me either time.   There was only lingering feelings for one of them. The first girl was fucking crazy. I'm pretty sure she's a sociopath. I warned him about her, and that she'd fuck with his head, but he was thinking with his dick and went for her anyways. He lasted longer with her than anybody else but in the end he admitted that she was too crazy and it was time to let her go. Fun fact: we both lost our virginities to this girl.   The second girl was pretty, nice, and really enjoyable to be around (usually). I was kind of jealous for a while but I'm glad they were happy together. Eventually they broke up and he moved on.   We've been best friends since kindergarten and I support his decisions. If he wants my sloppy seconds, that's his choice. Whatever floats his boat. It's not my place to get in the way of what he wants in life.   After 17 years, he's more of a brother than a friend. Ex girlfriends are irrelevant in comparison. As long as he's happy, he's got my support.  
Haha right?? I was the guitarist so this shit made no sense on many different levels. 
YOU THINK YOU CAN KICK ME OUT OF THE BAND and then Zach you come in with a facemelter 
We would need to factor in how attractiveness is directly proportional to bullshit tolerance to get an accurate forecast. 
My ex went wild when I told her that I am seeing someone else. This was about 9 months after our break up. Not in her head though. It was probably my fault too: i wanted to be friends after the break up, she interpreted that as "there's still good chance that we will get back together". I did tell her multiple times in the 9 months that we were NOT getting back together.  Hearing about my seeing someone else was the closure that she probably didn't want. She dragged me to the house of the girl I was seeing (who was incidentally her good friend) and created a big scene there with the hopes of sabotaging my relationship. She went into the gory details of the physical aspects of my relationship with her  in front of my new gfs very conservative and religious parents. The last ditch attempt to sabotage my new relationship was the prediction she made about me dumping my new gf. 
No,  no.  Then- boyfriend because we're engaged now. I kept a man like him around :) 
Oh god that sounds like us.  The worst is when I realize it got set off my something little. 
Exactly this. A competent VP would ask this person if they had discussed the matter with their direct supervisior. This kind of stuff, in my opinion, is not my direct concern.  This is a sign that the VP is either excessively controlling or doesnt have anything to do. Probably the latter. 
The freedom of a workplace is amazing compared to a school setting.  
My friend quit RS in like 2006ish and gave me her blue hween mask. I logged back on a year ago and saw that it went from 300k to like 300m. Lol. 
You got suspended... For being stabbed? Because they assumed you must have deserved it? 
Clay? I have Settlers and Seafarers, new resource in a different expansion or different name for something?  Now I type this I'm assuming you're calling Bricks, Clay? 
You sound like a chill ass mother fucker. Wanna be friends? 
This broke up the band Hanoi Rocks. Their drummer, Razzle, was killed in a car wreck caused by Vince Neil of Motley Crue driving drunk. The singer, Michael Monroe, was devastated. While he's crazy with grief, the guitarist, Andy McCoy, started nailing Michael's girlfriend Stacy and got her knocked up. Then it comes out that, while THAT was going on, the bassist, Sami Yaffa, was nailing Andy's girlfriend Anna and got her knocked up.  Is that clear enough?  Andy had a baby with Mike's girlfriend.  Sami had a baby with Andy's girlfriend.  The band broke up.  Michael married a different woman entirely and moved home to Finland. 
Turn it on its side and "Celloooooooo" you've got a bass. 
OH. Then CON-FUCKING-GRATULATIONS. Original wording can be...misleading. 
I would have thought my wife made a reddit account except you said boyfriend.  We keep on working on strategies to deal with this, but one of the ones that seems to be helping the most is, say, me understanding her depression isn't about me, and vice-versa.  It's not easy to actually believe that, but when it's working, we're able to try to help each other without spiraling down ourselves because we feel inadequate.  It's a fucking challenge and a half, though.  We love each other to death but we both have some of that going on and it leads to all sorts of random fights that aren't about anything at all. 
"Dad you know I don't like nails" "Just get the bat medamnit" 
Seriously. As a kid, all the adults were like "being a kid is great, you have no responsibilities!" but they very quickly forget how few rights kids have on top of that.  
Yeah I know. It's dumb as hell. But when you're young and naive, you'll believe a lot of what adults tell you. I walked out of that office feeling like I did something wrong.   In retrospect, he was just an asshole and I didn't really do anything wrong.  If somebody tried to tell me that now I'd promptly tell them to fuck off.  
I've been touched by your kids and I'm sure they've been touched by me 
Huh. I would have gone with congratu-fucking-lations.  
Full character immersion with the "medamnit" and all, good job.  
Every account on reddit is this manipulative piece of shit except you. 
This reminds me of back in the day when people hacked\* people's facebook accounts.    \*Hacked=Leaving your account logged in. 
Some people use exaggerated emotions as a tactic in business setting. Executives tends to do this the most. They know they do it, though they'll deny it until the day they die.   If they do it enough, they'll get a reputation that proceeds them. But that actually helps them when it comes to working internally. Most people tend to roll over and just go with the flow of someone is emotionally intense. It's a subtle type of organizational bullying.   The best tactic is just to act like it doesn't bother you. Don't raise your voice and keep a stone face if you can. Keep the discussion factual and talk in a calm voice. Ask them questions. Eventually they will run out of gas, if they realize emotional chaos won't push your buttons.  
Yeah I've coached and reffed kids at soccer... sigh. I never minded them worrying about the kid getting hurt, but getting angry at a refereeing call or that your kid isn't playing enough...   For one, it's very rare for a call to be that controversial at that level. They aren't playing fast enough, it's usually clear what happened. For another, most rec leagues have playing time requirements. Positions are discussed at practice, kids get a chance to play where they want. It's just raging for the sake of it. 
Saw a menu that said something along the lines of  Gluten-free substitutes: $2   If you're drinking a beer: $3 
Reminds me of those parents who took their kids to see Deadpool and lost their shit, demanding their money back and threatening to sue, because there was adult themes in a comic book movie. It's fucking rated R, you idiot. What did you think was gonna happen? That's some lazy, shitty, goddamn parenting.  
Fun fact: Nuclear reactors are designed to not explode. Nuclear bombs are designed to explode. 
Put a sticker on the window. It doesn't have to be huge.  
Nah, I think it's pretty legit to be pissed that you have to wait a long time at the doctor's office. You make *appointments* at those places. If they're not ready for you at your appointment time, they fucked up. 
I had a mentor that used to tell me that in the end you're always stuck with you. So, make sure that's a person you want to be around.  
It happens any time a change in the film industry takes place.   Films with sound? That's just uncultured. Films in color? It's the end of movies. At home streaming? That isn't true cinema.   I swear these people have the memory span of goldfish. Change happens. Embrace it or get left behind.  
It's fun to compare the objective pros and cons of technology, but it's pretty rare that *A* is better than *B* at everything rings true.  There are things I love/hate about iOS, Android, Windows, Linux, OS X, BSD, etc. 
Maybe if they strapped her backwards to the top, all that hot air would do some good. 
And calm down about the refs.  They are usually only a couple of years older than the kids they are refereeing/umpiring.  My son loves baseball.  He qualified as an umpire when he was around 12.  He knew the rules better than the grown ups, but it was also meant to be a learning time.  He did it for one year and quit.  The parents were horrible to him.  I remember a huuuuge father leaning over him and yelling at him about a call.  Fuck that guy. 
Because there is always "limited space in the overhead bins" 
We're going to hit 30 on saturday in Britain. The weather forecast just slapped a huge 30 over the whole island in a "its gonna be s hot the specifics dont even matter" kinda way. 
I stand up even though I know I have a 15 minute wait simply because I need to try to get some feeling back into my long legs before I have to walk off the plane.  
I'm the same way. I'm an Android enthusiast. I personally won't use any other phone. I couldn't care less if you use an iPhone, Samsung, HTC, hell or even a Windows phone. Just don't be a dick about it. I hate when people with iPhones just want to talk shit to me about my phone.   That's the only time that I ever say anything to people about their phone. When they say something to me, I typically like to destroy their beliefs around their phone because they've decided to be that guy.  
He makes me want to chew gum and stay out past curfew! 
I started my first office job recently, at a subsidiary of a fortune 100 company. I work with 5 other people and they're all older than 40 and have been working there for several years. Most of the job *should* be done through computers, but several aspects are still done with a pen and paper because they can't adapt to the technology. I had to show someone how to download files from an email and attach them in another. They had worked there for YEARS. I did all of the daily tasks in under an hour and they were amazed. I just don't understand how huge companies are able to function.  
The people selling the expensive toast and coffee *are* the American dream though... 
The worst is when millennials themselves write these kinds of articles. Way to throw your entire generation under the bus assholes. 
This is just Minions all over again. If you aren't a middle schooler, odds are your primary exposure to these things comes either from Facebook or from complaints on Reddit.  Reddit loves to hate things. In particular, Reddit loves to hate popular things, often solely for the fact that they're popular. Many people here have a real eagerness to grumble about all the "damn kids" and how things were different "back in my day." It's the tendency to hail one's own childhood fads as high-culture while shitting all over the fads of newer generations.  If Pokemon came out for the first time tomorrow and became absurdly popular in elementary and middle schools, the bulk of Reddit would probably lump it in with Minions and fidget spinners. 
It's been getting less violent but in exchange, we're now able to see every violent thing that happens.  
But also, I hate when people shit on me for not liking things. I don't like Star Wars and I don't like the Beatles and I don't give two shits about most comic book-related media, but I just don't talk about it. If the conversation switches to something I don't like, I just politely sit out because everyone should be allowed to like their things. But when they find out I don't care who shot first or how Yoko ruined the band or whatever, people can get really mean. Some of us aren't trying to be shitty just to be shitty, some of us are just not into space samurais.  
Weren't there also female French Resistance characters in Call of Duty 3?  
To be fair, you WON'T talk to most of them ever again. You will go out in the real world and realize that it's a much bigger place than you realized.  
I don't do the flag on the profile because you have that really awkward moment when you have to take it down... 
Right? I am all for being a more health conscious population (i.e. maintaining a healthy, balanced diet) but some of the advice I have seen come out of the "movement" is sometimes just hyperbolic.  
This is an excellent way of handling it, I agree. We have a few notable people here in the office that have flown off the handle and it's really easy to bother them by asking for them to speak coherently and nicely. It either a) pisses them off further or b) makes them realize they're out of line. However, most of them get away with it because like you said, people just fold. Bugs me. 
And don't forget that there was a period of time when parents would burn Harry Potter books because there was "witchcraft" in those tomes. 
And people who could not afford Samurai did not hire Samurai. 
Extra effective if the sticker is a life-sized image of a hawk.  
Hang around with an older man who wants some young Dick to mentor.  
I didn't know the stigma existed when I started liking Coldplay. And I was honestly surprised to learn about it.   Same with Nickelback. I didn't grow up listening to any type of rock music, so they sounded fairly average when compared to other musicians in the same genre.  
I'm with you. I wish it would go away, too, but I have zero expectations that it will. Elitism exists in every hobby and interest imaginable, and will continue to exist as long as some people think their personal tastes make them better than other people. 
Yeah, my orthodontist was always 20-40 minutes late. However if I show up five minutes late my appointment is cancelled and i'm charged?! Hate this double standard.   However if it a first-come-first-served time deal then I have no issue with a long queue. I'm part of it after-all. It does annoy me when people bitch about traffic, like they aren't directly contributing to it.  
I had a bunch of trophies that were participation because I was really bad at the sport. I wanted to get rid of them or move them so I would have space in my room. My mom was angry because I earned them. I didn't. I just showed up and pulled the team down because I hated the sport and I wanted to quit but they wouldn't let me.  
I've got a MacBook and a Windows desktop, they're both great. I use them for different things, they're both great machines that I don't regret investing it at all. 
The only other reason is if you're trying to figure out whether you can iMessage someone. 
Oh I love the ones that say "I'm never flying this airline again" out loud when it's something like a delay to the gate or a weather diversion that has nothing to do with that specific airline.  
1. There's a term, it's called "Gate Lice". 2. For those with crap status, getting on as soon as possible reduces the possibility you'll have to gate check your carry-on.   Doesn't impact me as I always check my bag for trips longer than 1 night, which is almost all of mine, but as long as airlines charge for checked baggage and don't strictly hold to their own carry-on rules, there will be validity to this strategy.   Edit for clarification: The charge is for checked baggage at the counter, not the gate. 
I was in the same boat. Started umping at 12 and quit after my first year. The parents just ruined it for me. I remember one game I was behind the plate and this one kid refused to swing. 3 at bats and the bat literally never left his shoulder. His fat alcoholic dad was right behind the fence screaming his ass of at him. "I'm gonna beat your ass if you don't get a hit!" I stopped the game, turned around and told the guy he needs to cool it. This did not help the situation. He only got more mad and began cursing louder. Well his kid stuck out again of course. More yelling ensues. The 40 something year old guy that I was umping with came to defense. Told the guy that he needs to leave the game or he's calling the police. If you get kicked out of a 9 year old baseball game then you have real issues.  
When I was like 9 there was a kid on my team with 1 arm (no idea if he was in an accident or it was a birth defect or what) and I remember one game he was in the on deck circle taking practice swings and his mom came up to the fence and started scolding him about him not having a hit all season and that he better get one that at bat.  The kid had 1 fuckin arm, the fact that he could even swing the bat 1 handed at that age was good enough in my eyes. 
This. There's been countless times I've only had a carry on but because I didn't assert my place in line they ran out of overhead room and I had to check it in. It adds around 20-30 mins to wait for it at baggage claim when I could have been out the door. 
To be fair, if it's 25 or 28 or 30 the result in the UK is the same:  Overweight men will still walk around with their shirts off.   Every single woman under a certain age will wear one of those long, maxi dresses, regardless of whether they owned one before this week.   The Sun will have a picture of some students in bikinis on Brighton beach, together with a 'heat' based pun.   The entire population of Scotland will turn bright red and shed their skin.  
I've been flying transatlantic a lot the past few years. Never have I been more happy to be a shorter dude (5'6") 
Have a couple of friends in different branches, the ones that have never seen combat or been deployed are all mouthy about wanting to blow shit up etc  The two that actually got deployed, don't speak much about it and when they came back, they weren't the same. They have a look about them that just screams 'I've seen shit' but I know they will never talk to me about it. 
He makes me want to overdose on bennies and drag race my friends until the loser dies in a fiery crash.  #real1950s 
I''m 35 and this seems unreal to me.  I've owned my own computer for 20 years (bought my first Gateway 2000 at 15 y/o).  I work in a small office with 8 other people aged 34 - 81 and everyone knows how to attach a file to an e-mail.  Yes, even the 81 year old uses a computer proficiently.   
Usually it is ok, and if people start saying I am trash I just laugh because that means that they are just as terrible at this game as me.  Especially in Bronze, what the hell are players expecting?  
Fuckin Smite man, dude can be feeding and you die once then he starts this bullshit. 
This expensive toast actually sounds pretty tasty.....going to the store so I can some right now. I guess it's not expensive toast anymore though if I make it myself.  
1% payrise, 30% increase in rent costs over the last two years. Definitely the avocado I'm sure. 
My brother was yelling at me for no reason, and his main argument was that I was a millennial.   Bro, you're 2 years older than me. You were born in 1991. You're a millennial, too. 
Like the people 17 and under as of now aren't even millennials, they're technically gen z 
Pokemon actually has been absurdly popular again, at least where I'm from.  I made about a good 150 splitting up my old cards into little makeshift booster packs, and selling them to my friends and coworkers for their kids.    Fidget spinners, on the other hand, have already taken a huge nosedive.  Like, one week they were all the rage, and now the kids are over them.  Its kinda funny since Reddit seems intent on hating anything kids like, but by the time they get around to circlejerking about it, the kids have already moved on to the next thing.      
Bottle flipping is timeless I was doing that shit in middle school like 15 years ago. The only difference is now everyone films it like it matters. 
Joe Rogan made an interesting point about this a few years back on his podcast.  He was talking about bad news in general, but put forward the idea that humans grew up in communities for so long where the extent of bad news was just that, in your community.  But every day has some bad news going on somewhere in the world, and that is what makes the international headlines.    His point was that people can only carry so much bad news, and before maybe this constant wave of it wasn't as much of an occurrence.  But now, you have to cope with bad news on a global scale rather than that of your community, making it very difficult to deal with.  One in which you can't take actions to help for most of it.  I thought it was an interesting viewpoint. 
Also as a child you're often more shielded from seeing the violence so tend to think back to those times as peaceful  
'Say my name' 'Heisenberg' 'You're gosh dang right' 
Some people left those French-flag profile pictures on for *way too long*.  Disclaimer: I do not hate France; I actually love France. I kinda hate Facebook, a little.  
Maybe I got whooshed but the humor is supposed to be in the debate itself. One of the many memes where the joke is the gross over exaggeration. I.e harambe, gingers having no soul , mei being the actual devil spawn and the whole   Sugar vs salt on grits Thing.I personally see it as a cheeky ribbing between the two parties.Sorry if I'm being captain obvious. 
Do you want to eat a milkshake, fries, and a burger for dinner here and there? Go ahead! Just try and go on a walk, head to the gym, or play a pick up basketball game with friends sometime during that week as well.  
A wise person once told me sex is not a big part of a relationship until it becomes a problem then it is a huge part of the relationship. 
Probably thought it would just be blood and violence - you know, stuff that's perfectly fine for children to see. They didn't expect there to be anything actually adult, like boobs. 
*poor people who could not afford to hire Samurai did not hire Samurai 
Extra effective if, instead of a sticker, you use a life-sized hawk 
I think I'll keep giving this guy's daughter nightmares, thanks. 
Last Coldplay concert I went to Chris martin says "thanks for dealing with all the shit you get for liking us". Broke my heart and made me laugh at the same time 
Definitely. I can get into pretty much any genre of music because I want to find new things I enjoy. Liking something less because you feel it's beneath you makes you a douche, not a discerning listener. 
I will never forgive them for replacing RDJ with a talking banana 
Yeah this argument is stupid. So many great and original movies come out but all people focus and pay for is the comic book stuff then turn around and complain about lack of originality. It's not hard to look at what's out and do a little research instead of blindly and ignorantly saying a medium (that might as well be at the HEIGHT of its artistic variety) has lost all of its attributes and quality. Just recently Get Out was a big hit. 
Plus you can make fanboys' heads explode on both sides!  
"Excellent, now I know which airline to use so I can avoid your whiny ass." 
Should have called child services with him threatening the kid as well. 
Parents are fucking crazy. I used to ref hockey and was in like 8th grade. I was usually given preferred games as the association saw me as unbiased and professional. They gave me the final in an atom hockey tournament - so the kids would have been 7-9. Final game, tie game. Give the home team a penalty with 4 minutes left (the kid I gave the penalty to basically baseball swung his stick in to another kids arms... not a clutch and grab play I could pass off as "intense hockey". That was deliberate.) Anyway, visiting team winds up scoring. End of the game I get met by a father who tells me that I am a fuck up and that I should be careful leaving the arena tonight. Got in the dressing room, locked the door and called the cops. Noped the fuck out of there with a police escort.  
Piece of shit here, can confirm.   Always disappointed my kids don't live up to the idea in my head of how good I could have been if I didn't suck so hard. Maybe if I just yell some more they'll get it.  
Can confirm, am Scottish and already shedding my old skin. I'll be totally white again by morning ready to start it all over again baby!  
I've seen two types return from deployment: You get the one guy that talks about everything and goes in to great detail about his deployment and you immediately know he didn't see shit, do shit, or accomplish shit; he just sat in the green zone pushing papers.   Then you get the guy that is withdrawn, refuses to talk about his deployment and is genuinely trying to move on. You immediately KNOW he's seen some shit and did some shit while over there.  
I save that shit for when I listen to Chuck Berry. 
I climbed to silver/low gold from bronze and down there everyone expects you to suck. In silver/gold most people are decent but lack consistency with trickier moves.   I can be great all game and then fuck up one aerial interception that leads to conceding a goal. 50% of the time I will get shit from a teammate if this happens; and its almost always from a ball-chaser.  
It's pretty amazing how an intentionally limited chat hasn't stopped players from quickly creating a new way to say, "fuck you" to each other. 
If I hadn't lost my Bitcoin wallet seven years back I'd own a home outright and be setup for retirement by forty five...  Not even being sarcastic. 
apparently the trick is to own one of these hipster coffeeshops that sell $20 avacado toast and $5 coffees. then you'll be a millionare 
Gen X'er here.  You're totally right.  The dialogue hasn't changed. 
Reddit is the grumpy old man complaining about Disco in the 80's 
This is very true. I grew up near the area where the serial killer Michael Ross killed 8 young women a couple years before I was born. He made the news again when he was executed.   It was one of the biggest crimes to have happened to that area, and people still occasionally talk about it. At the time it was international news, so everyone who watched the news knew about it.   It's one of two violent crimes committed in over 30 years for that area(I know there's much higher crime rates in other parts of the country). Pretty rare, but with the media blasting us constantly with shit like that from all over the world it makes you think everyone is a sicko and out to slaughter you.    In my experience we have more tragic deaths from car accidents. More than I can count on my hand in the past 3-5 years alone. None of those make international news.   Edit - a word 
I've seen people say stuff like "does it seem like there are *more* homosexuals now? You never used to hear about so many people being gay, now it's normalized and all the women are choosing to go with women!"  Like...no shit you never used to hear about them when being gay meant social and professional ostracism at best and institutionalization or death at worst. Ditto premarital sex/pregnancy. It sure did happen, it was just hushed up and the baby was adopted or claimed as the child of a married relative. (Happened to Jack Nicholson - grew up with "mom" and "sister" only to discover after their deaths that "mom" was really his grandma and his "sister" was really his biological mother.) 
Kinda made sense for walts character to not swear as often though. Characters like pinkman shoulda been FAR FAR more vulgar. 
wait what's he got? 10x cooler than a spinner you say? 
You're missing the point. People are mad that kids are playing with anything the adult is unfamiliar with.   Down with fidget spinners!! Make Cup and Ball Great again! 
I'm not religious at all, but that quote pretty much sums up what I think about it.  
I think there are two camps. The ones who are just being playful about a difference of minor opinion, and the ones who get legit emotional about what strangers eat.  I think part of the problem is that some people don't realize the first group is playing, because they behave identically to the second group.  TLDR: Poe's Law.  
Wait a minute... I can't remember being born. Does that mean it may have never happened? 
I asked about that silly dichotomy (Boobs bad, blood good) when I was a kid. I was told I'd understand when I was older.   I'm 36 now. Still don't understand. 
But in the year -40,000 it was here, and you could walk to it. 
One doesn't mutually exclude the other.  Edit : get her father to mentor you and scare the young girl at the same time. 2 Robins with 1 costume.  
You sit closer to the screen at home! Way better than the humongous curved screens that make you sick because you're too close and staring straight. Don't even get me started on wearing 3D glasses over my real prescription glasses.  
If a member of the cabin crew woke me up like that I'd be god damn furious. 
Would've 'accidentally' stuck my foot out in the isle a bit.  Oops, sorry kid, maybe YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RUNNING AROUND LIKE A LITTLE FUCKING SHIT.  And fuck your parents, too.  Assholes. 
Yeah, if he's willing to say that in public, imagine what he says to that kid at home. Actually... don't do that, it's pretty sad. 
Yeah. He's made a very good living out of running the league (and still coaching full time in it). Quality dude. 
It's not volume-based, you can be as loud as you want (I mean, within reason). It's all tone/content. Disappointed "You can do better" might get a look but nobody would say anything. Meanwhile, "You got this, Jimmy, come on!" is totally fine.   And the coaches are all employees of the league, no parent volunteers, which helps as both a distancing device socially and for training.  
They really are. In high school, a friend and I did the stats (counting goals, face off wins, etc.) for the boys hockey team. My friend is this super meek fragile sort of human who flusters easily so when the dad of our goalie cornered her one day and demanded that she fix his kids numbers to look better or else (imagine a large yelling guido if you will) she ended up completely shutting down. Everytime his son would get scored on, he'd glare at her to see if she'd record it causing her to shake and eventually want to quit which, considering how much she loved it, was huge. She finally told me what happened and we reported it to the coach. What a jerk.    
Guy with no kids here. I sell participation trophies because the parents can't handle their kid not having one. 
My friends would talk about their down time and stuff like that but nothing else, just about how they got a really great tan, played games, hit the gym and stuff like that.  Not once would they say anything about anything else, they just have a look in their eyes that is kind of distant. 
This seems to be the case for a lot of things. Homosexuality, autism, transsexuality...they've always been around to some capacity, but our society has grown to the point where we're not shoving them aside or repressing them anymore. 
Kids who get hooked by the spinner realize it is just a toy and that it doesn't help them concentrate, but they LOVE the cube.  It has a switch, some buttons, a rolling ball thing.... his is something they love to play with that doesn't absorb all of the attention like the spinner.  Also various fun pencil toppers 
Speaking as an atheist (not one of those assholes from /r/atheism), I have found the most wisdom in Matthew. 
It's an interesting phenomenon - a group of clever people pretending to be idiots can inadvertently attract idiots who think they're in good company. 
Some more scientific research over the years showed that 'sometimes' is the key word in the aforementioned scientific research. 
I long for the day when man is not judged by the color of his skin but by the color of his dick. Sorry ladies. 
Give the kid a fucking t-shirt or something. "I was there" is more valuable than "I worked hard and 'won' this trophy that says 'Participant.'" 
Maybe if they strapped you backwards to the top, all that hot air would do some good. 
Damn. I want to be that guy. No kids yet, but I lived at the soccer complex as a youth. If I could make a decent career out of running a league/coaching I'd quit my job tomorrow.  
Participation trophy here. You are superb just for even trying! 
If you are in the unit with them, and you are training, you hear some shit. You hear those downtime stories, but you also hear stories about the scenarios that you are training for. Part of me wishes I would have deployed so that I feel like I helped, and part of me is extremely thankful that I completed my six years without seeing those things. 
Haha, that reminds me of back during the 2012 election here in the States and Romney said that kids who have an idea should borrow $20,000 from their parents to start a business.  Since you know, most college age people have parents with $20k just sitting around.  I think Romney meant well, he is just clueless about the average American. 
Cut me off a slab of that sweaty cake...mmm, delicious  
I got some in the back you can take with you - everytime  
I loooooove my fidget cube. It's fantastic. I just keep it in my left hand while I'm working and only set it down when I need to type something. Just constantly fidgeting with it and it keeps me from feeling restless and distracted. Tried a spinner and didn't really get how it was supposed to help me other than be my primary focus. I also have these mesh chinese finger trap type things that are sealed at the end and have a marble in it. I just move the marble back and forth by manipulating the mesh. That one is great too.  
Even later scientific research show that 'maybe' was a key word in the aforementioned comment. 
He screams, a cold sweat runs down his back as the flavorless pisswater makes its way down his throat...!  He wakes up in his bed made of Coors cans. Oh thank god, it was just one of those double-layered "It was just a dream!" twists. 
Dusty shelf here. Looking forward to getting cleaned off.  
True that. Only time I heard anything was in boot camp. From my chief. Given my position, I'll never see the things he saw, but he drove the point home. This isnt about the down time or the fun you have or the people you meet. People are out there fighting and dying doing things I probably never could. I'm thankful my position keeps me away from it all, but also envious of his experiences because I want to feel like I'm doing more. Even so, my job is to support and provide a necessity to the guys out there. I'm content with that. 
Narc? What a strange insult to say to your own child. 
Pledge can here. Orders are skyrocketing. Can't wait to make that shelf slick as shit. 
We need more of your attitude in the armed forces. It is a collective job, and a lot of meatheads don't realize how vital people like you are.   I am logistics myself, though I have one of the more dangerous logistics jobs (transportation) right now. I have seen videos of first hand accounts from my buddies, so I am extremely thankful I didn't have to witness these things. 
Oh, look at Mr. Fancypants over here with a hoop.  
I'm an IT, so I keep them communicating with remote stations. Nothing glamorous or intensely difficult or anything like that. But it is an absolute necessity, and somebody has to do it. I appreciate your outlook on it being a 'collective job'. In all fairness, I'm in about the most dangerous place I could possibly be right now without going to work with Spec Ops. 
He probably meant for you to *stop cooking altogether* 
Can recommend Jacques Pepin as well when it comes to learning basic techniques. 
Damn. 49 yrs. The rolling motion. I forgot about the rolling motion.   Welp. I probably have 20 yrs left before I'm spoon fed so thanks.  
my mom will only cook with max heat because its faster, but it always ended up tasting better than my dad's careful heat management.   then i found out that chinese food is to be made on high heat always basically :/ 
I learned this while coming up with a perfect spaghetti sauce - originally I wanted to add every ingredient under the sun because I thought it'd give it more of a complex flavor, then I didn't have 2 or 3 of the 10 ingredients I typically used one day but went ahead and made it anyways and the sauce tasted almost a bit more savory.   This is great advice for beginning chefs who are experimenting with their recipes!  
To piggy back on this, DO NOT use sweetened cocoa powder or semi-sweet, as the sugar will caramelize.  
Man...every time I want to brown something, and my dad is around, he'll put a lid on the pan because all the 'flavor is being let out', apparently. Sometimes I have to be stern and say I'm following a recipe, but how can I explain this to him? All the meat my parents cook seems to be half-boiled in its own juices from putting lids on every fucking pan... 
* Does not apply if it's tomato based, add sugar instead.  
Very important for baking. Cookies shouldn't look done when you take them out. 
I went for the catch one time because my cat was like rubbing itself on my ankles at the time. No regrets because cleaning up the bloody mess from me catching a knife by the blade was easier than cleaning up the mess of a dead cat would've been. Plus I kinda liked my cat and didn't want to accidentally stab it. 
Or if something comes out a bit sloppier that you expected, you have created a nice wholesome "Rustic" dish. 
I thought that meant that everything is supposed to be keep in its rightful place.  So you can find it when you need it. 
Cut everything before you even touch a cooker. Mise en Place.  
This but also with tops of certain veggies. I've used carrot greens, radish greens, and celery leaves sauteed with butter and salt. They also taste good thrown into salads.  Just do a quick google check to see if it's edible beforehand. 
People should eat "filling" veggies instead of going for salads if they want to feel full but lower the calories. Broccoli is a great filling veggie, as are squashes and bok choy. There is also great produce to be found at asian markets for greater variety, like enoki mushroom, elephant stalk, and water cress. 
I usually multiple the garlic in recipes by anywhere from 5-10x.  I've never gotten to the point where I've thought "shit, maybe I put too much in". 
Jesus, i can feel your arms flailing as you speak.  
When you get good enough, you can just look briefly at the recipe and already see why the person that wrote it doesnt have tastebuds. 
Following up: Don't experiment if you don't have an alternative meal planned.  Especially if you're already hungry. That's a recipe for disaster. 
As a rule of thumb, the more you paid for something, the less you should season it. Some yuppie farm-to-table chicken? Salt, pepper, olive oil, maybe a tiny bit of some green herb, oregano, thyme, or my personal favorite majoran.   2 bucks a pound frozen chicken breasts? Hell fucking yes paprika is amazing.  
If there's anything I've learned from the Food Network, it's that I shouldn't be afraid of salt. 
Ooh, now that is useful. I'm always pedantic about having clean hands so this will probably help 
Have you ever tried to cut a large sweet potato by only letting the blade do the work?  
I wouldn't recommend the rolling technique with a spoon. Stick with the airplane method instead.  
Chinese food is 25 minutes prep +3 minutes of applying high heat. 
Bought lovely new pans. SO (who is major kitchen hazard) used for midnight snack, burnt then scraped clean with a knife. Get a mad facial twitch just thinking about it.  
When I do a roast chicken I always roast some garlic along with the potatoes or whatever delicious veg I am having. And then smush it onto whatever I happen to be eating. Love dat garlic. 
Stomach ache, huh? Did she try eating garlic? I heard it can have some medicinal properties. 
Son of a bitch, I thought I could make it one week without buying some new high-falutin' foodie crap. Never heard of black garlic before, going to give it a try of course. 
It's a dry barrier that will discourage adhesion of the baked good, allowing it to rise as it bakes. Butter is fine if rising isn't a concern, but fats are "sticky" and can actually hold flour-based things down. It's the same reason you would flour a surface when you're rolling out or kneading dough.  
My mother does this with "fried" chicken. Just a little more oil than it takes to cover the bottom of the pan, and covers it the whole time.   She can never figure out why it doesn't come out crispy like the fried chicken she has at restaurants, despite me constantly telling her she's making steamed chicken, not fried chicken  
I dunno, a tiny splash of red wine vinegar is my secret ingredient in chili. No added sugar, just meat, beans, crushed tomatoes, pepper, onion, and spices. 
Good advice. Ground turkey needs all the help it can get. 
Baking is harder, but some of the best ways to get consistent cakes (or other baked goods) is to:            1.) Get a scale and use recipes that give measurements in grams/ounces   2.) taste the batter! Raw batter will not kill you and in general if the batter tastes good the cake will taste good   3.) learn what a well cooked moist cake feels like. It should be lightly springy, but firm, when you gently pat the middle. After a few times you'll be able to tell with no problem.  
Take a small amount and toss is in a hot pan to cook it through. 
I remember seeing a Jamie Oliver recipe with a typo so it said something like 30 teaspoons of salt instead of the required 3. All the comments were complaining it was way too salty. Imagine having that much faith in Jamie Oliver. 
I'm with the kicking the cat crowd. Only time I have intentionally kicked him was when he jumped toward an open oven door. Poor kitty was a soccer ball for a minute. 
I'm the other way arround. I drop things and have caught them before I register anything more than "Catch the thingy!"  If I can't get it with my hands, I cradle it with my foot for a softer landing.  This will someday be... not a good thing.  
An inch?  Wow.  Is your floor made of balsa wood?  
My former head chef always said:  If you mess up a main dish, call it "Rustic" If you mess up a dessert, call it "Artisanal" 
Pairing, chef's, and bread.  I have never had a need for anything else. 
i only use a katana personally used by Jin Kai Moto-san to conquer the 15th century child emperor Taka Hami-san 
Professional sharpening is cheaper than people think, and a good pro will tell you when it's time to replace.   Also: Learn the difference between sharpening and honing, hone regularly and sharpen as needed.  
The problem a lot of beginner chefs have is that we feel the need to watch the pot on the stove instead of walking away and letting it cook on its own.  
Buddy, I think you're doing it wrong.  You're not supposed to be in the viking. He just helps you out.   
Which really is just the French's tactful way of saying "get your shit together before you start." 
Be careful with this. Some ingredients taste better when chopped fresh. Onions, for example, will be noticeable more flavorful if diced just before using them vs. if they were diced a day or so ago. 
It.is.in.everything.  If you ever want one of your meals to taste more like a restaurant just add butter and salt 
All these gif recipes show them just dumping ramekins full of pre-chopped and pre-measured ingredients into their places, is that the way to go? Should I invest in some more ramekins/similar? 
Tell me at the very end to check if its safe. you've got your priorities all wrong!  Now I have to go to the er because I made a rhubarb leaf salad. 
I mean, I get tat you mean 1 plate of "good food" can be more satisfying overall than 2 plates of "bad food", but the fact is 2x the food volume will make you feel 2x as full. For most people on diets, the constant hunger is the #1 reason they fail.  If portion control while eating cakes was easy, nobody would get fat in the first place. Also, if the food tastes great, it's harder to not overeat than it would be if it was so-so 
My point is that baking formulas were made for a specific ratio of sugar-fat-flour-moisture and if you fuck with the formula it can make the final product inedible. 
Saint Julia is right.  Especially because, much of the time, you are reducing the wine for a sauce.  Reducing already fortified wine is quicker for the same flavor punch. 
That's...actually a great idea. Only downside to that is you don't have most of a bottle of wine that you "have" to drink now.  
Does this happen? As there people who..... Don't finish their wine? 
Yeah I can imagine how moscato infused marinara would be terrible  
THANK YOU  My family acts like I'm crazy when I actually toss it in the sauce with a little butter.  Dumping sauce on some dry ass pasta might be what they do at the Olive Garden, but it's not how we roll in my house. 
You're absolutely right, but this takes a lot of experience. My husband was a chef for 20 years. When he reads a recipe, I know he's goimg to change it because his eyes drift off to a thousand yard stare, his mouth starts making weird half-chewing, half-lip-smacking movements, his hands start flexing as though he were pinching imaginary seasonings, and he mutters to himself.    It looks like the summoning ritual of a culinary demon. 
Came to say this, was excited to see it already here. Kenji at serious eats has a great read through on it if you want the science behind it 
Instructions unclear, try to eat clock.  No is potato.  Such is life. 
It shows curiosity and initiative! Keep it up and you'll have something tasty one day:)  
Came in just to say this basically. You need to know a few things to make your baked goods more gooey/fluffy/crunchy or you may end up with different results than you expected. I bake in high elevation and have to tweak all the recipes I find slightly so they turn out the same as my East Coast cook book wants them to.  
Are you really going to weigh 1/2 tsp worth of salt? 
My mom did this to all our nice pans, so now she's pissed that my dad and I don't want her using the NEW nice pans... (I spent $80 on a set of nice cake pans and she thought using a steak knife to loosen a cake I was letting cool was a good idea, and ruined the coating on, and she used steal wool to clean a non-stick frying pan) 
I put slices of garlic under the skin of the chicken so it roasts there and flavors the meat 
Oh my god! Is this why homemade cakes tend to have a huge rise in the middle, but are almost flat towards the edges?  
I can see that being infuriating.  The worst part is if you ever tried to show her how to properly fry something, she'd probably chew you out for wasting too much oil. 
Personally I need some sugar in there to balance it out. Either brown sugar or sweeter ingredients like carrots. That said, I live in a country where rich, sweet, balanced tomatoes are harder to come by. 
A cheesecake without sugar would be horrible. Have her try tomato sauce that's too acidic and ask her if it needs anything. When she can't figure it out, sprinkle some sugar on and have her taste it.  
Taco seasoning. Some of the best homemade tacos I've had were with ground turkey cooked with taco seasoning. 
Instructions unclear. The batter was delicious but now there will be no cake. 
I've made meatballs 1000 times and have never thought of this. I too struggled how to test my meatballs and resorted to tasting it raw. Great idea 
My friend had a Jaime Oliver cookbook I borrowed once and it had a recipe for salt crusted fish that I wanted to try, because apparently you don't actually eat the salt (it was a while fish, the salt was on the skin) but my mom said no since she's very anti-salt. 
On the topic of pets in the kitchen. Burning teflon will kill your bird so don't cook with Teflon if you have any pets birds.  
The woman just likes her cooking daggers very sharp. 
Artisanal is what happens when you leave the flour from the couche on the bread when you bake it.  
This happened with my step mom because she cut herself really badly while cutting potatoes. She doesn't practice safe cutting habits. 
My grandfather was a butcher. Always said " no one ever got cut by a sharp knife" so true... well... in the kitchen anyway. Every house should have a decent set of sharp knives.  
I have two chef's knives, actually. One for me and one for anyone else in my kitchen. 
I only use my Hatori Hanzo, but to each his own... 
That guy strolls down my street now and then, calling for people to bring out their knives and scissors.    I live in a traditional meets modern area. It's not rare to see a road rage incident where a Mercedes and donkey cart full of cabbages are both trying to pass each other on a one-way street. 
Ohhhhh!!  You just explained so much to me!!   I never understood why my roommates did that, didn't realize it was born of anxiety about leaving food unattended 
r/VikingsGoneWild   Don't you tell me who to be inside.  
As a kid my parents told me that raw onion was poisonous because otherwise I would eat it all while they were cooking or just right from the fridge.   They also told me this about smoked bacon slices.   Genius bastard.  
First time cooking (trying) to impress my future wife, I literally did not know the difference between cloves and bulbs. I was desperately mincing two entire bulbs when she fortunately walked in and disabused me of my mistaken belief.  She's been the smart one in the relationship ever since! 
Honestly, I just use tupperware/butter containers/cool whip containers when I mise en place. If I don't have any, I use sandwich baggies. 
I met her at a dinner party in the mid90s.  Very nice woman.  She helped herself to a full, unashamed grab of every guys ass as she took a picture with them.  Literally a handful, not just placing it there.  She also told a story about smuggling meat from overseas claiming it has been smoked when it hadn't.  Julia Child gave 0 fucks. 
I've been told there are people our there who aren't alcoholics, yet to meet one though  
With cooking, exact amounts aren't that important. I've cooked enough that I can generally eyeball things to within +/- 10%, so unless I'm doing something really finicky, I don't usually bother.   Baking, on the other hand, relies on chemistry. Exact amounts (of some ingredients) are important there! 
When I was broke, my go-to meal was pasta coated in buttery garlic and steamed broccoli. I never got tired of that meal.  
Oh my god this is my mother. This drives me mad, and she does it constantly.  
I think that has more to do with most recipes being cut for time. I mean, I'm no professional, but I take my cooking pretty seriously, and when I get home at the end of the day I want to be able to make a meal in 20-30 minutes. Ain't no one got time for 15-20 minutes of sauteing onions when you're starving.   On the weekends though, when I have time, you bet your ass I'm sauteing those onions for as long as I can. 
In Latvia, there is no clock or potato. KGB let you know time by beating you.  
Well, if he continues randomly, probably not. If he keeps track and makes small adjustments, he could work his way to something edible.  
Yeah, I do the accuser grip with my knives.  It's really not as unsafe as you might think.  'But what if any part of the knife of your hand slips?'  Well....it won't.  In my....ten plus years of cooking I've cut myself maybe ten times on knives.  Most of the injuries I've gotten have been from something that you wouldn't expect.  Like the jagged metal part from foil boxes.... 
Yeah! What is it, anyway? I've tried googling it, but I can't find any chemical explanation. It tastes glorious. 
Not gonna lie. I get really pissy when people manhandle cake pans. And pie plates. I can see all the scratches on the bottom of one my aunt uses because she's so damn rough with them. (Her pies also taste of sadness) 
Ceramic pans are great until someone does this.  Still don't know if my mom or boyfriend fucked the pan up.  
But even if it was sweet, you'd probably be coughing because it's powdery. 
Sometimes, but not exclusively. Another reason is that the outside of cakes in tins will cook much faster - that is, they'll rise, but set before rising as much (the middle cooks slower, so is able to keep rising longer). To help this issue, you can cook in a bain-marie (water bath) which provides better balance over the temperature, or I have these oven-safe straps that I soak and then wrap around the tin, which provides _some_ balance. 
Do this with ground meat too. Cook it longer, past the gray color. Brings out the beef flavor instead of gray, boiled, flavorless meat texture.  
You said you wanted the flavors to be more alive.  
They said they add onion though, the sweetness from the onion is probably enough. 
Good idea. Another thing would be to just make the cheesecake without sugar like the mother wants and have her taste it. Then make another with sugar and have her taste THAT! 
That always bugs me, because applesauce and honey are still basically sugar. 
Yeah it's amazing! It kind of turns to mush and you can squeeze it right out of the clove and spread it on bread. The taste gets much more mellow too. Delicious. 
Well, the last time I handled a sharp knife I made a nasty gash in my thumb on the first try... happened at work (yeah, it wasn't the first time) so I've now been banned from sharp objects. Happens all the time. 
what the hell is a restaurant-grade mandolin, and who the hell needs restaurant-grade when playing their mandolin, be it for themselves or an audience? 
Haha. I have three, one smallish one I use all the time, one larger one in case there is watermelon, and a huge one whose name is getouttamykitchen. 
Everybody knows Hatori Hanzo now. He's become a sort of celebrity sword-maker. Totally commercial - complete sell-out. I only use swords from Korehira Yoshimoto - you've probably never heard of him. 
Where is this? I've never heard of a traveling knife sharpener, living in CA. 
best horror movie ever - you throw out grandma's knives causing her to come back haunting you, trapping you in your apartment insisting she won't let you leave until you're fed because you look like you're wasting away. 
I don't trust food not to go to complete shit if not watched. I know what's needed to make the food, but me and my stove have a faulty relationship. One wrong move and shits burned, or cooked on outside and raw inside, I may suck. 
Also, white dishes are sexy and make you look like a pro 
"When you're famous, they let you do it. You can do anything you want to them" - Julia Child probably 
Broke? I'm an adult with a full time job and a family and I still cook that at least once a month. Same with ramen noodles. Throw some veggies, the left over chicken from last night and an egg and you've got a $7 takeout from a noddle shop for $0.92.  
If I cook while she isn't there, my food is perfect.   If she's watching me cook, I use way too much salt, she doesn't like cumin, you won't be able to taste anything over that much garlic, and I'm just going to burn everything cooking it that high. When it's done it's missing something.  
I saw a review of a recipe floating around. "I saw your 1/4 cup of sugar but decided to add 1/3 cause my husband doesn't like things too sweet".  Why can't people math? 
From my friends who work in the industry, they say that the accuser grip isn't always recommended because it can lead to early carpal tunnel. Something about doing it every day rigorously for a few hour especially during prep can take a toll on the joints.  
It translates as "breath of the wok". It's a bunch of aromatic stuff produced in the seasoning process as oil is seared into the metal. 
This is when you go out and get an nice heavy cast iron skillet and beat them to death with it. 
You use a bain-marie for regular cakes too?  I know you would use one for cheesecakes and custards but I've never heard of using it for a regular cake. 
And now you're sobbing in the corner uncontrollably.  
You mean... make another with sugar and don't let her have any.  Let her wallow in her self-made sugar straight jacket while you are immersed in the wonderment of decadent cheesecake and all of its glory. 
Gee, I never thought about it that way.  Thanks, mister! 
She does the whole granny cutting style where she peels and cubes potatoes against her thumb and because she uses a dull/practically 400 year old knife to do it she'd never cut herself before. 
Lmao whoops. Not even gonna edit that. I enjoyed it too much.  
The watermelon knife is key. I keep a sharpened machete for those, pineapples, large cuts of meat, etc. 
Yoshimoto's knifes are overated and for ignorant hipsters, i only use Kateshi Samadi ones, they background check you and don't let peasants buy them.    
I live in Toronto. Every 2nd week, in the summer, this guy drives slowly around the neighbourhood in his knife-sharpening truck, ringing a bell like he's the ice cream guy. Not only is he NOT the ice cream guy, he won't stop for anyone! You chase him down the street holding your knives and he won't stop to do his job. I think it's a mob front.  
My grandma always tries to feed me while I'm eating.  She'll literally shove a plate between my face and the one I'm currently eating from. "Would you like some gingerbread?"   Yeah, I probably would, but how'bout you let me finish the stew you just gave me first? You know what? Screw it, just put it next to the smoked fish.  Grandmother's cooking... resistance is impolite. 
Turn down the heat. Don't go over a bit higher than medium unless you're boiling water or searing steaks.  Gives you more time and forgiveness and stops the burnt outside cooked inside deal. 
Mine just can't follow the fucking recipe to save her life. She doesn't get that different ingredients yield different results, particularly with baking which is more an exacting science than just cooking. It's completely maddening. She subs various oils in for what it says, she thinks wheat flour will do the same as all purpose, etc. NO. IT WONT. Then she gets mad because "that recipe is shit". No, ma, it's you. 
I would assume it encourages wrist extension (lifting up) to compress the median nerve, which is the culprit in carpal tunnel syndrome.  
so like the same concept of why grandma's cornbread in the 30 yr-old never-soap-washed cast iron is way better than mine in the 8" round tin? 
Part II: You discover the magic of non-coated wrought-iron frying pan. And your roommate washes it with soap 
If it ain't broke... and old people... Oh and when my grandmothers electrical foot bath thingy broke and she wanted to return it, turns out it was 13 years old. She still had the receipt though 
sis i'm imagining this mandolin player who only plays at the FINEST of five star restaurants. he only plays restaurant-grade mandolins.  one can dream.  edited because OP is so bro she's sis 
Can confirm, have frantically chased West end Toronto knife man with dull but large kitchen knife. Luckily I heard him coming up the street behind the house so was able to find money, grab the knjfe and make the sprint. I came out onto the street right behind him, so then I just chased him waving my knife like I was trying to land a plane. He noticed. $5.  
totally. my grandma used to tell me i was too skinny and that i needed to eat more. look at me now - mission accomplished grandma.  
"Hey babe. Coconut flour is just flavored flour, right?" "No, sweetie. It really isn't. And now you owe me $30." 
I did this once at work and I felt so betrayed and confused because I had no idea there'd be a fucking sharp edge UNDERNEATH the machine. 
Yes, plus a bit of smoke flavor from the high heat. 
Now that's some quality grandma story right there. 
Tell that motherfucker to stop for people when he comes to East York! 
I think of myself as a sort of cereal connoisseur lol.  I just tried cinnamon Frosted Flakes and they are good for sure but if you are a cinnamon fan there are much better options. IMO cinnamon Frosted Flakes and Cinnamon Life are about on the same level of flavor. Good cereals but only a smaller taste of cinnamon flavor compared to Toast crunch or even Chex.   
That reminds me of the time my mother in law, while visiting us, used an entire 2 liter can of Spanish extra virgin olive oil to deep fry a batch of chicken wings - this with a bottle of canola sitting right next to it in the pantry.  
My grandma's coffee maker broke once. It was at least 30 years old. She was upset. Went down to the basement and came back up with the SAME coffee maker. Turns out it had gone on sale once in the past and she knew she would need a new one some day so she bought it to be prepared for the day that happened. Still being upset, she fiddled around with the old one and got it working again.  Pretty sure she still has the "reserve" one in the basement. 
Leslieville. He's unbelievable. Unless you're already out with tool and cash, he's not stopping.  
My grandmother has backups of every countertop appliance. But the biggest grandmother thing she does is keep the calendar at the end of the year after filling it out with when she got gas/changed oil for her car, filled oil tanks (heat), and random weather facts. She could probably write a god damn almanac.  
Oh, that's just maddening. :( I had something like that happen fresh out of high school. I applied for a receptionist job and was interviewed, but they never called me back. Finally I went in again to inquire about the position, and they said they wanted me to work full-time as a prep cook in their restaurant (which everyone in town knew was a shift place). And they wanted my answer immediately. I said no thanks, went home, and cried. 
I have a little anecdote about the illegal questions.   I was an Assistant Manager at a well known casual dining chain, and my GM told me that he had a suspicion that one of the girls he had just hired was pregnant.  It was such an odd to thing to say, so I asked why he thought that, and he said that she looked pregnant.  I had no idea what he meant, but because he had a history of saying wildly inappropriate things, I was just glad that he hadn't asked her anything.  So, a few days go by and I finally see her doing her training with a large belly bumping against the production line. She was at least 7 months pregnant lol.  I had a good laugh at his "suspicion".    She quit a couple weeks later.  (Yes, I know some women can look pregnant when they aren't, but this employee was very slender except for the basketball extending from her abdomen. Clearly pregnant.) 
Out of curiosity, how would you suggest to bring this up? I am at a job I love with a great work life balance, but I still think they would have counted against me if I asked about hours that early on. 
This needs to be higher. I mean, a lot of these red flags are good, but this is a pretty much guaranteed sign right here. 
I always feel when I interview someone and make an offer that if the interviewer wants to skip their notice that's a real red flag. Because you wouldn't want someone to do that to you as their boss - it's happened to me in the past and it does burn bridges. Sucks.  
When I was still working minimum wage jobs to get through school, I had an interview where they mentioned this, and it ended up being one of the nicer places I worked. I think the context for mentioning it is very important, as is the type of job. E.g. a high turnover rate at a legal office would be a lot more worrying than a high turnover rate at a McDonalds.  If they say it has a high turnover rate because of high stress, or a "fast paced environment", sure, that's a red flag. But the place I worked just had a hard time finding people who gave a shit. They'd basically never show up on time (if at all) and weren't reliable enough to remain employed. When I finished my program and took a new job, I gave my two weeks notice in person and in writing to the department manager, who was incredibly happy to have been given enough time to find someone new before I left for good. Most people who'd quit in the past just stopped showing up. 
I once drove 3 hours one way only to be told as soon as I got there that they had just hired for the position, and he was such a great guy and he could start on Monday! Is that wonderful? All I said was "Well, good for you." And then when I got back to the parking lot I called my dad crying and he thought I had been in an accident lol. And then a friend told me that it was clearly my fault because I should have called to confirm the interview! Fuck off bitch. Those fuckers should have called ME to cancel, OR just interviewed me anyway and not even tell me that THEY had wasted my fucking time.  Also their office was TINY. Like fucking Nick Valentine's office/home in Fallout 4 is bigger than this place was. 
Our CEO bragged he has never taken a vacation or sick day and doesn't understand why anyone else isn't the same. He refused any PTO until HR explained to him he can't dock salaried pay unless he offers PTO. He was literally taking money out of your check if you took a day off on salary.   Occasionally an employee would have a family member come in and give them a tour of our production floor. He would express surprise anyone would do this, and when someone said they were proud of our company and the work we did he told them they weren't the ones doing the impressive work.  I have lots of stories about him. We didn't get the nickname 'Asperger's Anonymous' out of thin air. 
Ugh. That's a shite interviewer. If she's more about her vacation than her job, then claims to not remember you, that's a red flag. 
Had a similar experience with a company who got people in the door touting bonuses "up to" a certain percent. What they didn't mention was that that was at one time in the company's history and the numbers were always far lower than what they told their workers during the interview. When it came time for bonuses they would say something like "we didn't hit our aggressive profit projections, sooo... no bonuses!". Meanwhile their workers were putting in 60+ hour weeks and management always seemed to be talking about which of their yachts was their *favorite* 
I'm working a job I hate but pays well. When we do the group interview bullshit we do the reverse stepbrothers. The company recently fucked me out of 10k. I tell ever prospective employee. 
Had a similar experience. Was waiting in the lobby to interview at Lockheed. 2 employees walk past escorting someone to the door they had just interviewed. Everyone is talking pleasantly, they hold open the door for the girl who just interviewed, she leaves.   As soon as the door closes they burst out laughing and start making fun of her. In the lobby, in front of other people waiting.   
Also, anytime they mention travel, ask how much of a heads up you get.  Almost worked at a place where trips TO KOREA were planned DAYS in advance.  Screw that I'm not about to tear apart my schedule last minute for shit like that. 
I just quit my latest job a few weeks ago and one of the things the girl training me said was, "if, no actually when (manager) pulls you up on something, don't say anything just agree even if he's got it wrong."  Lasted 7 months in the place and I honestly don't know how I got that far. The manager was an absolute cunt and everybody was terrified of getting on his wrong side. 
I had an interview with a company that offered 'software solutions'. Yes thats vague. For a half hour this guy asks me maybe 1 question and just rambles on about acronym after acronym. Software products i had never heard of before and that he clearly did not understand past memorizing their acronym. He then says i would eventually replace him. "Is that something you want to do?". Yea, uh no thanks. 
When I was getting into bartending, I applied at a local place that refused to pay you until you had done unpaid "training", even though I had served before and attended mixology school. I walked after the second day, in which I mostly cleaned.  Coincidentally, it burned down 6 months later.  
I had a similar experience with a major corporation.  I had a phone interview with the company recruiter, a phone interview with the prospective manager, then a round-robin of panel interviews that lasted five hours.  It was fucking exhausting.  They warned that the job would be excruciatingly busy, and told me that almost everyone comes in before 7 a.m.  It was flattering to be one of the three top candidates in the nation for a very well-known company, but I walked out of that final interview wanting nothing to do with that department. 
I once interviewed for a job and was offered the position on the spot. I told the guy I would need two weeks' notice for my previous job. He asked what my current schedule was, and I told him M-F. So he asked if I could swing by Saturday at 10AM since I had the day off, to "get me logged into the company computer system." I thought it was weird, but I lived close by and didn't really mind. I got there and he asked why I wasn't in dress code. I told him I had no idea he intended me to work right away, so I wore jeans. He said "That's okay... you can go home and change on your lunch break." That job did not last long. 
Go to costco instead- they have great employee benefits and high starting salary 
I like my job, my boss was like that during my interview. It turns out it's because he's a yes man all the time and basically just takes on too many tasks. My work is pretty independent so it ended up not affecting my job too much. I wouldn't say no to a job just because the boss seems stressed/rushed, but if you're matched with another job that's perfect it should tilt the balance. 
If I hear anything that sounds remotely like "work hard, play hard" I'm out.  I work hard,  but when employers say that,  I've learned it means they have zero respect for work life balance.  
They asked me about my hobbies, and I said develop apps and mobile games in my free time. Both of them laughed and one said "free time? Well, if we hire you you can say goodbye to that." And they didn't believe my previous employer was real because they'd never heard of it.  I got a rejection email that night at 9 PM. Couldn't have been happier. 
Why were you still in high school in your thirties? 
Do they not follow-up with the college to verify the degree? My alma mater has a search function on their website where you simply search my name and year I graduated and it will tell you my degree and that I did indeed graduate.   My degrees are framed and they sit in my office at home because nobody gives a shit about them - they are just pieces of paper.  As for the passport, I can't think of *any* reason a company would need to do that...unless it's a cult and they are afraid you will flee the country. 
Companies calling themselves "families" makes me angry. It's an insult to the word.  My last company loved to call its employees "the [company] family!" ...I ended up getting laid off via google hangout with no notice. My company email had been disabled before the conversation was even over, and people I talked to daily thought I was just on vacation for a week afterwards. I woke up with a job and discovered I no longer had one just before lunch. Some fucking family. 
I hated this shit when I was younger applying for department store jobs anyone could run. The Interviewers acted like he place was the big top of something. The worst was RadioShack. Had to drive 1 1/2 hours for an orientation thing. The district guy gave us a talk and was like, if you work hard, you can be just like *me*! No thanks.. you look miserable as shit. 
They dropped that one on me during my last job interview and it turned out differently.  In my case, "We work hard and play hard" is accurate *if* by "work hard" you mean *working at a very relaxed pace in a cushy office job* and by "play hard" what you mean is *sometimes we drink one beer together on Friday before everyone gets home to their families*.  Don't get me wrong I have no complaints with my work environment, but at this stage this expression is just a cliche that could mean anything and its opposite. 
"We refuse to hire enough people to get the job done without overworking everyone"  If you're salary, it's kind of expected - and there are times I'd say it's justified depending on your function, but if Joe down in packing has to work 60 hours a week, you're just not running the building effectively.  
I would have a hard time saying no. I just really like gallows humor. 
Yeah fuck that. I'll work overtime when needed, but I have a life. I have commitments.  
Please blink twice if you are being held against your will. 
Damn this is depressing just to read. I DONT WANT THE JOB 
This. A lot of people go into interviews like beggars. They're not giving you a handout, you're doing them a favor. They will get way more money out of you than they give you in return. That's how they afford to pay you. 
I was between jobs once and did a group interview to be a substitute teacher for a school district.  The group interview lasted 4+ hours and involved weird team-building exercises.  On top of that, they didn't respond to any of the candidates for the better part of a year.  In my case they were stunned that I was no longer available... 
Dude, I agree 100% with this. When I first started my job 1.5 years ago, they had name brand, soft toilet paper. I remember thinking "It's all these little things that show a good company". Now they have 1 ply shitty paper and we've had 3 people quit in the 2 weeks. Come to think of it, the change in toilet paper coincided with the change in culture.  
"Looking for highly-motivated people" = We expect you to do a lot of unpaid overtime. 
My boss said this countless times during my interview, and still says it occasionally.   I actually don't see it as a negative at all. We're a pretty small business so it's expected for everybody to do a lot of stuff. It gives my days variety and gives me experience in lots of different areas. Some of it sucks and I'd rather not do it, but some things are pretty cool and I wouldn't experience them if I worked at a bigger company and only wore one hat, so to speak. 
A friend of mine worked at Crate and Barrel, they had a designated nap room in the office. It was a ROOM though for God's sake, not a bed just sitting out there. She liked the job, for the record. 
Kinda related, I got contacted for an interview by a call center and when I came in they took me around, showed me the entire place. Offices, break rooms, like they were ready to hire me off my application alone. Got to the interview, it went well. Never heard from them again. I don't even know why they bothered with a 15 minute tour. 
I actually received an offer, was told to call and schedule a time to come in the next day for paperwork (it was a late afternoon interview). Called and was told that she did not realize I had small children when she made the offer, and after talking it over with her spouse (who didn't work there), decided I wouldn't be able to work full time and manage my family. I was already working full time and had applied there just to see where it would go. Bullet dodged, but it still pisses me off.  
Coffee at the office is sometimes the best part of the day - So, yeh. Good one! 
I find that's standard for any interview for a government job or highly structured company.  I had two interviews for different universities and they were both panel interviews with one HR, your future manager, and your manager's manager.  They all just read from a script of questions and wrote down my answers.  
how did they turn your answer into a weakness? was like it:  you: i believe teamwork is important to company success.  them: sounds like you can't do anything yourself lol *texts*  and yes they said lol outloud 
I think that "kool aid" is totally legitimate for some companies. Many companies are fantastic places to work with employee-focused culture and all kinds of non-financial benefits. The problem is that NO company can stay that way forever if they plan to grow. Things have to be standardized and refocused on profit and cost once you get past a certain size, so you see that original culture either fade away or just be drastically changed.  
I was asked in an interview, "if you could be any kind of animal, what kind would you be and why?" And I said, "why do you ask?" The interviewer (my future supervisor) said, "well, people are caught off guard and answer honestly. I had a woman tell me that she wanted to be a cat because they sleep all day and someone else takes care of all their needs. We didn't hire her." He gave a few other examples, too. I ended up saying, "obviously I would be a Clydesdale because I always work hard at a steady pace!" They laughed. I got the job offer.  Sometimes they ask stupid questions because stupid people will give answers that say a lot about who they are instead of stopping to wonder why they're getting asked such a stupid question. 
I am involved with a much smaller business than what  most people apply for (12 total people at my office), but when we do interviews we find it perfectly acceptable to ask us what the typical work week is.    We are looking to add another person, and he asked us during the interview..."What are the typical work hours?  Is there potential for overtime?"    Just asking what the typical work hours are was fine in my eyes, but by also asking about the potential for overtime, he was able to frame the question in a manner that made him look like he would be a beneficial employee. 
I concur. Some might think - well, it's only a little bit of money and I'm willing to make a small investment. However, if the company does this it means they are absolutely not willing to invest anything in you. In other words, you are completely expendable and replaceable; if you go, they don't care. 
You didn't need to confirm shit. They should've called you cancel. I woulda wanted to bill them for my wasted time & gas! You're lucky you didn't end up working there. They sound inconsiderate and disorganized. F em! 
Hold this goat's head back firmly while I whet the blade. 
yeah I know it should have been obvious, but I was in dire need for a job.  I finally got something small through the college where I was taking courses.  Every single rejection and every asshole that never gave me a chance has been inspiring (out of spite!) for me to see this program through.  I'm almost done too!  Every bit of effort has been so I never have to be put through that hell again. 
im terrified that my workers do that to me, like are they agreeing because they think its a good idea or because they might be scared of something? 
I interface with Sitel senior management on a near-daily basis, and I absolutely believe that. We're one of their largest contracts, and its like pulling teeth to complete any major project deployments because we have to get an entirely new management team up to speed every few months.   Least they're cheap?  
I applied for a job within my own company, but a different department. This department isn't known for its org skills, but the job sounded good. I heard they were setting up interviews but didn't get a call or email, so I figured they weren't interested. No big deal.   The next week, I'm on vacation, it's 7pm and my phone rings. It's the hiring manager and she wants to do a phone interview, is now a good time? Well, I've had two glasses of wine (I'm on vacation, and I'm at home) so not really, but for some reason I go through with it.   Clearly I didn't get the job, but I feel like I dodged a huge bullet here. Anyone who feels like it's ok to just call someone at home after hours for an unscheduled interview is not someone I want to work for. Bonus - they moved her department into my building so now I see her all the time. I've since applied for and gotten a much better promotion. I'm grateful every day she didn't hire me! 
That job for me likely would have lasted until my lunch break. 
Yep. The "play hard" part can mean they take employees on "team-building exercises" on their supposed days off. Nothing like doing a ropes course on Saturday, or staying late on Friday for a keg of beer (no thanks, I'll buy my own six pack on the way home which, BTW, I still have to drive my car to get to). 
I had someone who didn't believe something on my resume...   "This doesn't seem right. Care to explain it again and be more... Accurate?"   "Nope"  
"We're like a family" - Quiting for greener pastures is an unconscionable betrayal but it's totally okay if we fire or lay you off as an unnecessary  cost cutting measure.  
They won't let him leave until he finds a replacement. 
"We work hard and we play hard" = anything from "we work way too hard but pretend there's play if it helps you feel better" to "we work sometimes but mostly fuck around" to "we do an easy, sensible amount of both working and playing but saying that makes me feel like a cool guy." 
I was gonna say...it's just a standard finance job 
Most staff move on but the manager is at 12 years and no intent of leaving for another 3. You see he tried, but being a big guy the trunk snapped. It was a funny day.   
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall when you did that 
I worked for a subsidiary of BoA, in tech, they had some of the most draconian bullshit standards ive ever experienced. Thought all banking was like that. I work for a much smaller entity now, and it's roughly 8 billion times better. Give or take several illions. 
That's all about getting you for cheap.  Owner negs you so you are less confident in salary negotiations.  Had this happen to me twice by tech companies.  You don't want to work for someone like that.  Because they start doing that shit every year for a couple months before review time... dropping hints that your performance is bad, etc. 
I have a buddy who hired in at a place that was supposed to be four 12 hour shifts - 48 hours a week, right?  He figured since there's OT in the schedule, there may be some more, but that a four day week is nice. He's got kids.  Dude's working 14-16 hours a day six days a week now. And they're trying to get him to take this salaried coordinator position (he's doing it currently because somebody left). But the salary they're offering is less than he made hourly last year 
This is what they wanted. It might be the weekend or your day off but you'd be expected to come in.  $45,000 for a specialist technical job was shit pay for a standard 37h week. There's no chance I'm going on 24/7 call out. 
Agencies are fine when you are getting your foot in the door or need a job quickly, but the OP had significant experience on his resume, and shouldn't *need* to be put on what is essentially a probationary period. It becomes an insult more than anything once you've reached your peak in the workforce. 
Nothing more empowering than interviewing when you don't need the job. One of my managers said he would go on a few interviews a year just to sharpen his interview skills.   
Insurance sales jobs are often very grindy and unhappy; all day on the phone cold-calling people to sell them insurance. These people don't want to be called and aren't happy with your call. It sucks. It's a job anyone could do, it requires no knowledge or skill. Places like Scott's company invite anyone who applies, and hire basically everyone, and everyone quits or is fired in short order.   Commission means you get paid a percentage of the value of the product they sell. So you could make a lot of money...but you won't because it's designed to keep your pay low, because they don't care about you.  
I had a similar group interview for a retail position. I was turned down for the job but when I happened to go into the store a few weeks later, I saw that they'd hired the people who had just done as they were told and hadn't contributed anything to the group tasks 
Back when I applied for Pornhub nearly a decade ago, they said they were looking for 'highly-motivated people'.  They were just looking actresses who would fuck with enthusiasm. 
"Opportunity for overtime" = you will need to work 9 hour days and skip your lunch to manage the workload. also, how do you feel about coming in for a few hours on Saturday? 
"Shit rolls downhill, and you'll be King of Shit Valley."  
I'm going to second this. I work at a small company and people do indeed wear many hats, but nobody is overworked and for the most part it keeps things fresh. 
Before my current job I had this happen a couple times as well.  Tour of the entire facility, introductions to all kinds of people, no job offer. 
No no no! The kids were at school/daycare. I had a rearfacing infant seat and a booster seat in the back seat of my car.  
That's so dumb. Like I like sleep and would love to sleep all day at home but that doesn't mean don't need a job and I'm not a hard worker when I'm at work  
Agreed, once you are in the interview phase (especially near the end of the interview), asking about hours or pay shouldn't be too far out there for the majority of low to mid level jobs. If they are sketchy on pay or hours, that's a red flag for me.   They have literally your whole life and usually past pay rates in front of them, but you aren't allowed to determine if it's worth your time to work there? Forget that.   Usually if they won't tell you the pay, it's because they are trying to determine who they can pay the least out of the people they interviewed. 
More than that, it's usually a sign that the company is a scam. 
I got stuck in a lot of out-of-the-way places, but I found that as long as the assignment didn't go on for more than a week or two, it was okay. I would try to look up state parks in the area, well-known local restaurants, shit like that. It's not the most exciting stuff in the world, but it is always something new. 
It depends. How do you react when they offer a different idea, offer suggestions on your ideas, or, god forbid, actually disagree with you? If you embrace the discussion and input then you don't need to worry. However, if none of the above events ever occur, it's happening all the time. You don't have to agree, but you do have to be respectful.  
I love when you can tell a Vulcan is just barely keeping their shit in check. Which is all the time. 
That was also in the contract, a ban on working for clients or competitors for 2 years. And if you give your three months notice, they will start withholding your paycheck. Glad I checked glassdoor on that one.  
I made about $2 an hour less than the other call centers around town paid, so yeah.  Cheap is the word lol. 
It isn't a big legal battle. One phone call to the Department of Labor (or state equivalent) and your lost wages will generally magically appear. They will handle it.  The restaurant industry takes serious advantage of their workers and counts on them not knowing the rules or standing up for themselves. 
I would have left on the spot. Why waste half your day? It's not like they're gonna pay you for it 
True advice here, you have to commit to the stare.  Now, I know what youre thinking, "but /u/yakkahboo, his junk is below the table"  Get under there and stare, dammit. 
never take a job without a contract, you're in for a rough time here, probably 
Oh my god preach. That's exactly what happened to me. Four years, laid off with no severance because the company was low on money. They constantly referred to their employees being treated like family. NOPE. And one of my bosses couldn't even be bothered to say anything as much as 'thanks for everything' in an email or anything to me.  
Not so fast. What is your collection of tattered denim and flowy neckwear like?  
We just tell people that we expect that work will get done but have a relaxed atmosphere. Some people don't want to play hard and certainly not at work. I go to work to get paid and get things done but the fact that I can shoot the shit with my co-workers for 20 minutes after standup and have it not be a huge deal keeps me relaxed and coming to work with a positive attitude. Sometimes we  go out to eat or drink too, but that's just good team building. 
So that's why only the fat bakers remain. Natural selection at work here. 
I seem to remember after that it was "We'll get back to you."   
I work for a moderately sized regional bank.  When we have reps from Chase, Wells and US bank visit us, they can't get over our culture and how much better it is than theirs.  
I never understood this tactic. Don't employers constantly whine about turnover costs and the high cost of training new people? Why make it policy to insult your employees in a misguided attempt to drive salaries down?  Best case scenario is you succeed. Your negging works, the employees feels less valuable than they actually are, and feels they are either not good at the tasks required for the job, or thinks that the job is too demanding. They either become dejected likely decreasing their productivity to a degree that offsets lower salary costs, or they simply leave out of frustration.  Worst case is they know exactly how valuable their skills are, and are aware of their own competence relative to their peers. You slowly lose your best employees who leave for better prospects and you're left with a group of people that actually ARE incompetent.   
Which is exactly why they want him salaried.   There was a forman on the last construction job I was on. He wound up working between 80-90 hours a week. Salary.   I would have quit.  
I once worked for a deli/sandwich shop making minimum wage and they had us on call on our days off because the managers sucked at scheduling. 19 year old me thought it was bs. 26 year old me would laugh and hang up. Those owners screwed so many good employees over the years 
I agree with this. However, I will point out a fun exercise... go on as a contractor... They will usually do this if you are the sole role or one of two. Take on a couple projects for your 90 day probationary period. Kick ass at it. Own the shit out of at least one or two critical. Basically, at this point they have to hire you or watch all this shit hit the floor.   This is the perfect point. They then go, "Okay your probationary period is over. We are gonna bring you on board." And you can say, "Yeah based on my interview and what I was expecting, this is quite a larger workload. I'm going to need at least 20% more and an extra week of vacation."   If they balk, they risk losing all of these projects because they wanted to go the 90 day contractor route, putting them months on months behind schedule.   tl;dr - if you're savvy, you can really make this work for you :-) 
Yup, that's why I said "the best you get". Most of the time they don't give a damn. 
That's actually somewhat hilarious.  What they told you was:  1) We actually don't want you to make us money  2) We want to waste several manhours of our day being spiteful when we could be doing something that actually would make us money.  3) The worst thing they could have done was to keep you on but never call with work. Instead they set you free to join another temp agency who would compete with them.  Who got screwed here? 
From evertyhing I've heard Netflix is an awful place to work.  It's insanely competitive & you are basically always on the copping block. They burn employees out quick. 
Also commission means you're reliant on the quality of their product and the leads they give you. 
Shit, wish I had known "opportunity for overtime" means you will be shamed by all your coworkers if you don't do "your share" by working 10-11 hour days. At least my company gives double time for extra shifts.  
It is. People act like they can make instant, factual judgements on other people based on little things way too much. Especially with vague and open-ended questions.  
Usually. I just started working for a coffee chain, which will remain unnamed but American runs on them, that gave me one free uniform shirt and wants me to buy the rest. It's definitely legit but still a pain 
lmao. I worked at an eight person startup, I was one of two salespeople. Working my ass off every day with my one coworker, who worked even harder than I did. Our boss was a month behind paying our commissions, we weren't making half as much as he claimed we would based on our comp plans, and six out of the eight employees quit on him three days after he returned from a three week vacation to Greece. Like... you can't cut my fucking paycheck, but you can take your family of five on a three week vacation? Adios. 
Withholding your paycheck? As in, your last 3 months aren't paid? The labor board must love that one. 
It's a call center chain.  The one I worked in handled inbound customer retention calls for a large internet provider. 
I once started a job and had to defend myself in the first month for something that happened before my start date. Didn't last there long!  
Every reddit post I see "oh it was years ago" "oh it wasn't worth the trouble" "oh it was just XX $" makes me sad since getting taken advantage of is so prevalent in society. 
I worked at Costco as a summer job 8 years ago. The same people still work there today and they barely have openings outside of seasonal work. 
If you want me to do work without a contract, you pay first. In cash.  
Employers always complain about the high cost of turnover they just never think they are the cause of it.  
Yeah, if it hadn't happened right at tax time, he might've ended up taking it. But since he'd done his taxes while they were kind of hem-hawing around about it, he new exactly what he made the year before.  The new position was 3k a year above that, but salary. But he got a $2/hr raise last year. Then they were upset he didn't want the promotion.  
When I'm rejected, I'm disappointed.  When they never even get back, I get uncertain and stressed.  I'd rather know I didn't get the job than be left in the fucking dark. 
I did an interview with Amazon for their AWS IT department. Similar culture. The interview was 6 rounds and the last in-person interview was 8 hours long. More than one of my professors and colleagues warned me not to take the job because everyone they knew who worked there was miserable. Everyone I talked to in the interview process worked there less than 2 years. It paid a lot but I did not end up working there. 
Haha jokes on them. I don't give a second thought to my job or coworkers once i left the building. Not working those extra hours just lets me ignore it more. 
Yeah, the real answer to why they ask those questions is "we're arbitrary but like to pretend we're analytical". 
I'm a mechanic and worked for a Honda dealership that tried that.  I've been provided uniforms by every shop I've ever worked for so I wasn't about to start paying for them. They ended up changing their minds when they got tired of me wearing everything I deemed suitable for getting dirty at work. 
I actually looked up the labour tribunal proceedings and found a case taken by a former employee against the company for that exact reason. Apparently the company instructed their legal counsel to not attend the hearing, and instead requested the hearing to be adjourned for a further two months. The judge awarded the employee double the withheld wages and refused to adjourn.  
I feel like working in a call center would be crappy no matter what the atmosphere was like.  There would probably always be high turnover at call centers. 
You may be joking, but this has actually happened to me on several occasions. 
Costco is like the holy grail of retail jobs.  Seriously.  I tried multiple times to get my foot in the door there back when I was trying to make a living in retail. 
And keep well trained employees so they do not have to spend time with trainees and the other problems related to turnover.    I'm a small business owner, but this is the reason why I start anyone who works for me at 15 an hour, and 17.50 as soon as they are competent in their position.   It takes me a week or two minimum of hands on training to get someone else up to snuff assuming they didnt' have bad habits from other jobs.    I want the people who work for me to stay and continue to want to work for me.  It makes my life a lot less difficult.   All someone who pays minimum wage is saying, is that if they could pay you less they would.  They dont care about you. :P 
Your really good bonus was less than 300 dollars   Though, my company doesn't do bonuses... Or employee appreciation 
Are you sure he didn't just say, " AH holy shit! This fucking hurts 
"We paid people with degrees and 10+ years experience slightly above minimum wage, demanded they work unreasonable hours, tried to make them question their value, and they all left. Today's workers are so entitled!" 
Amazon has a very high turn over. I know a few people who went there and only intended to work the 2 years, get their stock signing bonus, cash out to pay their loans off & find a place to actually be happy.  The signing bonus in stock is paid out weirdly. You get 10% after 6 mo. 15 % after 12, 25 % after 18 & the remaining 50% after 24. 
I've never looked it up, but I'm pretty sure they just can't make you buy anything only available through the company or only useful in your position. Buying the rest of the uniform usually consists of wearing black below the waist. It's not the same level of job, but it should be similar legal status to requiring people to show up in a shirt and tie. 
Man, I'm a pretty mediocre worker. But I am ridiculously reliable and ALWAYS come in if i'm called in from somebody elses callout. Got 49 hours this week part time. I just show up, and show up when somebody else can't. People talk me up like i'm good or something but I just show up.  
I don't think anyone has ever seen a listing for call center positions and thought it's something you want to do forever. I almost wound up in one since the job market was shit.  Call center always sounded to me like a very small step up and 2 steps back from working as a retail clerk. You get a desk and fulltime hours, but now your entire job is dealing with the insolent incompetent sociopaths who need a hapless low wage worker to ride into the ground in a pathetic power trip. The sad fact of the matter is people who can't help themselves tend to be entitled pricks.  Anyways, point is I'm amazed that you don't hear about call center employees just lighting the place up more often. I can't imagine anyone has ever had their faith in humanity remain intact in a call center. 
Yeah, even as I was posting that, I was thinking that it probably did happen to someone for real. :/ 
I have many years as grocery management, I attempted to get a job there at a particularly shitty point in my career, and didn't even get a call back 
I did a report on him back in Catholic school elementary, I found the same reports this guy was a talking hamburger 
"Workers these days asking for a fair wage! They should be willing to work for free just for the *experience*!"   
The running gag I was told was that everyone works for Amazon for 2 years before moving onto Google. 
For a lot of jobs in the service industry (retail, fast food, etc) just showing up consistently puts you above most of their potential employees. 
More or less that just happened to my wife.  Took time off after having a baby.  Control of all her projects was given to manager X.  *Every single project* had extra people put on it and their budgets exploded.  (Basically, manager X parked idle people from his projects on her projects so that they wouldn't have to be laid off.)  End result was wife gets back from maternity leave and every single one of her projects' budgets exploded.  She was laid off as a direct result.  Manager X was promoted to VP.  *Fuck those guys.* 
The 2 years makes sense to max out the signing bonus. But from what I have heard google is just as bad. All the tech giants are.  You hear about the awesome pay, you hear about the rock walls, and ice cream bars, and parties.  What you don't hear about is how all those extra benefits are designed to keep you at work. Keep you working. My buddy quit google when he got a bad review for not "pulling his weight" because he was only putting in 50 hrs a week on a project. 
I manage a summer candy and ice cream store and was talking about this with a guy that manages a bar across the way this morning.  It's nice to have someone that is really good at their job but it's more important to just have someone be there when they need to be.  Show up on time and don't call out and you'll have a job for as long as you want it.  Alcohol can't pour itself and ice cream won't scoop its own way into a cup. 
I see you haven't experienced the joys of Rochester NY, where the temps consistently are sub-zero in the winter, while in the summer you literally breathe mosquitoes.  Fuck Rochester. 
I live in South Florida.  Every day I leave my house, two contradictory thoughts go into my head:    "wow the weather is amazing, so happy to be here."  *2 minutes later*  "wow the people here are a mix of stupid, trashy and insane, wish I could live somewhere else."  Never fails 
Hey we have four seasons in the south as well:  Bugs, Air made of hot soup, Air made of soup that was left out, Cold-ish sometimes but not really  Edited to add commas, since making it look like a list on my phone apparently makes it something else on desktop.  
And hockey.  And skiing.    Winter sports are pretty damn fun.   
Bavaria here: no earth quakes, no tornadoes (well there are apparently 1 or 2 every now and then), no tsunamis, no dangerous or vicious predators (seriously the most annoying thing here is the occasional mosquito). It's usually temperate, not too warm, not too cold, not constantly raining, no droughts. It's generally very pleasant. Only some floodings now and then, but most of those are man's fault... 
I like how the top two comments are talking about opposite climates temperature wise.  
I agree! Heat definitely makes me very lethargic. I have no energy to do anything when its 115F (46C) out. Plus I get heat rash and sunburned very easily... I just think I was never meant to live in a desert.  
This. There is nothing like the feeling you get in the spring when everything comes back to life. The green seems so much brighter than I remember from the spring before, the sun feels warmer, the birds seem to sing prettier. As much as I don't like winter, I'd miss spring and fall ten times more if I didn't live in a place that experienced all the seasons. 
Ditto. The love of my life invited me. What was I supposed to do? 
Only other person who gets my riff raff perspective  
Your third point made me chuckle! I'm from a university town in Canada and its awesome watch all the international students freak out about the cold in November when the locals know...... oh they know 
Also if a zombie apocalypse ever does happen they will freeze before they get to us.  This only applies to the winter for me but it's a real quick jog to make that all year long. 
I believe it's the olfactory that produces the smell. 
For those of you in the Bahamas, Belize, Cayman Islands, Palau and the United States:  25C is 77 in Fahrenheit. 
"I've got trees and vegitation in the city I stay,  The (low) rent's in the mail, and I can always find a parking space.  The women outnumber the men two to one.  I got parks and zoos and things to do with my son.  The nightlife ain't all that, but that's ok:  I don't need to be distracted by the Devil everyday.  And the jobs ain't really too hard to find, in fact  You could have mine if you knew how to rhyme!  So roam if you must,   but come home when you've seen enough."  -"Shh" by Atmosphere, a pretty good list of why Minnesota is dope. 
Correct answer.   I grew up in Michigan. Once, in college, it was so cold as I walked across campus I had to stop at the school store and overpay for a winter hat just to feel okay walking to the class building OR walking back to my dorm. My fault for not having a hat, (yes mom, you told me so) but it was strange to literally feel unsafe without one.  For 6 months I lived in South Carolina, and in June and July it was mid 90s on a daily basis, creeping up to 100 semi-often. It was excruciating, I would dread leaving the house, delay grocery shopping until the evening and basically never be outside. And I'm a moderately active, moderately outdoorsy person. I just couldn't do it. I was practically homebound during daylight hours on weekends and I would stay up late and sleep in just so I could be up during the night more and be more active as a result.  Given the choice I would rather endure the Michigan winters than South Carolina summers.  
idk,NY is getting pretty bland, weather-wise.  We haven't had any really good snowstorms this year. 
Another Canadian here. Work construction, you get to enjoy it in all its glory.  And honestly, I prefer working outside in -20 v. +30.  -30....Not so much. 
Hey, if it's gonna be my first time experiencing a real winter, I may as well go for the coldest state in the lower 48 I guess. 
"I was born in the cold, molded by it. I didn't see above freezing temps until I was a man and by then they were nothing more than scalding" 
The air force sent me from Missouri to California then Iraq. Like some kind of cruel joke. Then Turkey because I loved the middle East so much apparently. Then back to Iraq because I didn't get enough last time. Then Afghanistan. That place gets cold in the winter though.  
Fun fact it's eerily quiet because the snow absorbs a lot more sound  
It's the "Cold-is sometimes" that is the best.  In SC it'll get down into the mid to upper 40's for a week in January, then back up to the 60's and 70's for a couple weeks, and then back down again.  By the end of February we have mini tornados of pollen.   
Have you ever been in the forest in the height of summer here? So. Many. Bugs.   They are mostly around bodies of water and I still fucking love it here, rain and all. 
I guess I didn't consider OP was talking about heat. Like sun burn? I've never had heat hurt my face other than the sun its self.  
Complete opposite for me.  Once it starts dipping below freezing, I lose all motivation to do anything but cover myself in blankets and hibernate in my free time. 
I can push well below 60, as I'm a New Englander, so anything above 40 is fine with me, but you're also right. I've never once felt too hot, and while it rarely reaches triple digits here, it reaches 90+ with tremendous humidity.  At this stage, it feels as if this entire thread is just splitting hairs between people who prefer the cold and people who prefer the warm, with the opposite group trying to tell the other that their preference sucks. 
That first spring night sitting out drinking a beer with friends on a porch is always amazing too. 
And we still have very little of either thing compared to places with warmer climates 
Wow... Monterey is one of my favorite places in the world.   Goal in life is to retire in a home on the 17 mile drive. 
The Gulf Stream has an effect on Northern Europe. A lot of Nortern Europe faces submersion if the sea level rises.   Also with the sea closer, the heights will be warmer anyway.  
Hawaii checking in. Are you sure about this? We just had a major cold spell come in over the weekend. I had to close my windows at night. 
Until you live in a place where it can be as equally hot as it is cold. Then everyone is an asshole at anytime of the year. Looking at you Ohio.  
Life isn't fun when you step outside and sweat from every pore on your body instantly. 
Yeah. It's fucking raining. It's the end of January. The shit  
Lol, like being drunk stops Wisconsinites from driving 
The cold is not what is bad about living in the dakotas, im in shorts and a hoodie at 10 degrees but the wind is what kills you. Fuck the great plains winds. 
I know it's just a joke, but in ND the temps get over 100F in the summer. And around this time of year, the temps can change by over 50 degrees in a couple days. 
So California was the worst place of them all right?  
And it's brighter because the eyes of the Damned are watching yo... I mean the snow reflects moonlight.  Yea.  
Nah, if you live in the UP you stay in the UP. You know how hard it is to get to Canada from the UP? You can either drive around Lake Superior or head to Sault Ste. Marie at the easternmost point of the peninsula. I lived there 19 years and never went to Canada. Why would I with the Copper Country, Porcupine Mountains, Canyon Falls, Pictured Rocks, and hundreds of other beautiful scenic areas all relatively close by?  That said, I'd love to visit Canada. Seems nice. And Sunnyvale is there. 
Yeah, fuck this January thaw. I want to go tubing at Cannonsburg, but I can't do that in the mud. 
It would take several hours to shovel my driveway. We have to have someone plow it with a truck. Depends how long your driveway is and how good of shape you are in. Also, if you work/school early you don't want to be shoveling a ton in the dark before you can even leave. (We pay the same person to plow my grandparents driveway even though it's short because it's just not safe for them to do it though they have a shorter driveway). 
North Texas reporting in:  Sleet (2 weeks) Spring (3 months) Hell (6 months) Brown (2.5 months) 
The plains are so infinitely worse. PNW really is a remarkably nice place when you consider the pros and cons. They payoff is definitely worth it 1000x over. I know everyone says that about where they're from but we've got it good.  
It's not heavy rain; often more "drizzly" than "rainy". 
Hey now. Summertime Chicago is incredible. Love Fall here as well. 
Finlander here. Stupid thawing and freezing cycle all winter. On bad days it's wet and sloshy. Other bad days it's slippery, hard and *sharp*. 
I always find it strange how people say that the northern states are exactly like Canadian provinces. The difference between where I live and southern part of my province is astonishing. It's always hard for me to believe when I hear people say that Montana is just like Alberta. Y'all wildin  
The dry heat of Vegas was surprisingly painful to my lips, nostrils, and eyeballs.   Still a nice place to visit though. 
Yes!! And the first few weeks when all the restaurants have their patios open.  
Pretty sure the homeless population goes down too... I mean... they leave, right? 
Hush. It's nice because we *don't* have that many people. 
Just purchase the tape of it now and fast forward it to see what happens 
I natively asked my Hawaiian cousins what they do if it gets cold with no heaters. They looked puzzled and said shut off the AC and open the window.  
When you step out of a cold shower and insta-sweat. 
You can always put more clothes on to get warm.  You can only get so naked to stay cool 
See, 30 degrees really isn't severe cold. I'd call it severe cold below -5F.  I'd take 30 over 100, but I dunno about -15 vs 100. 
Come to Scotland,  the air may hurt your face a few days a year and you might want air conditioning a few days a year but neither situations ever last more than 2 days,  each might happen twice a year  
Oh come on. Why, as of this January in Wisconsin your FIFTH DUI is finally a felony. (But, you know, only if within 5 years)....  
Living in South Florida now for college. Had a fairly nice place last year with almost no bugs but it was too expensive without splitting a bedroom so I moved elsewhere. Holy shit the palmetto bugs. If we don't get the place sprayed at least every other month I find dead ones everywhere, several a week. I cannot wait to be back up north after i graduate and never see these things again 
Idk the fucking no see-ums are one of the reasons I disliked the nights in the South.  
Yup, I'll take -10 with no wind over 20 and tons of wind (Minnesotan). 
Welcome to the Midwest where it can snow in the morning and be 70 by afternoon.  
Who wouldn't want to drink liquor and smoke 6 paper joints all day at the trailer park? 
Yeah, i grew up on a hill with high winds and a 100 yard long drive way, if we tried to shovel it the end we started on would need reshoveling before you were halfway done. 
Hey now we get like a day to a week of snow just about every  other year so its fine 
"It may only be 5 inches, but I've got 16 stone to push it in with" 
Sshhh don't tell people that  Tell them you haven't seen the sun in 7 years 
It's the "constantly wet" part that turns me off. I don't care how the rain is coming down, just that everything is always wet. 
Totally! That one day in fall when the weather is perfect.  
I am from IL and it's like the weather channel just gave up a long time ago cause I SWEAR their 7-day forecast changes by the hour, especially in the spring. It's like summer and winter are somewhat predictable. Cold as fuck and windy as fuck and hot as fuck. Fall is a mess in general, but usually it begins to freeze and the bugs go back to hell. But spring?  Springtime is like your uterus, mother nature version. Goes from nice and cool to humid from the rain to hot from the rain and humidity to getting the space between your toes bit from the fucking mosquitoes that came back from hell for their vacation. Then a half cool half hot night, a nice cool morning, and repeat by 1130/1200.   Edit because I'm tired and English isn't my friend when I'm tired. 
aren't we worried about the warming trend? I thought global warming was not supposed to affect us this much this soon 
January average high/low temp for Calgary is -1/-13, for Helena, MT it's 1/-10.  I'd say that's in the same neighborhood.  
Living in the bottom of arizona really fucking hurts all exposed skin during the summer. Think living in a giant convection oven. 
Yeah, heh heh. They go somewhere warm and cozy, like a friends' house or something, right? 
"Awww, does your face hurt?  ...'cuz it's killing me." 
It is almost like the planet is getting warmer or something.  Just a theory though. 
Knowing American TV, we'd get 60 minutes about it easily 
You say cold shower, but you really mean "Slightly warm", because it's so hot that the water in the pipes is like 90 degrees. 
I think that' a big part of what I hate about cold weather. It always feels like a big event to go outside. Gotta put on a ton of clothes, and then take them back off again when you arrive. Leaving the house in warm/hot weather is a much more casual affair. 
Or come to the Midlands of England instead. It's grey all year round and nothing really happens, weather or otherwise. 
Anywhere people are shitting behind curtains is a horrible place to live 
My sister lives in Seattle.  She keeps all her food scraps in an open bag in her kitchen to eventually empty out into her compost bin.  We grew up in Florida- if we tried that shit back home we'd be up to our eyeballs in ants, roaches, and other miscellaneous creepy crawlies. 
OMG you're such a liar! We can all see through it.  It rains for 15 minutes at 4pm! 
That's strictly a Florida Man thing. It's too cold to truck jack here.  
Secret's out about the PNW, sorry to say. It's too bad you have a huge housing affordability crisis that's making it impossible to live there for  basically everyone except tech bros.  
I don't like rain. It's wet and irritating and it gets everywhere.  
Hey there.  North is Chicagoland, everything else is south ;-) 
Hey now!.. I seem to recall at least *three* in September! 
/u/novaer is likely from Edmonton (or further north). -6/-15 here. Closeish, but still a big difference (especially since Montana can be at +2, while Edmonton is at -20). 
The way that's worded sounds like you're laughing at their demise.  
Still, anecdotal evidence *for* global warming is just as bad as anecdotal evidence *against* it.  There's enough science to support the theory of global warming that it would be better if people refrain from comments like this. It makes it harder to counter someone who doesn't believe in GW, when he comes with an anecdotal story of a really cold winter somewhere. 
I tell you what, man, that's dang ol' crazy man, he can only do one ol' character, man. Dang. 
All those house hunter shows already exist.  Househunters: Inevitable Climate Change doesn't have quite the same ring to it though. 
Many times people *have to* wear more clothes though. Not everybody works in an air conditioned office so protective clothing means you're too hot and that's that, not to mention you're probably doing physical labour so you'd be warmer without the extra gear anyways.  A couple hours weilding a chainsaw in kevlar pants will wipe you out. 
Trying to use my phone outside in cold weather is so frustrating. The touch screen doesn't recognise my gloves so I have to take them off. But then my fingers are too cold and the touch screen doesn't register them either! What do people do in cold countries while waiting at a bus stop if they can't browse reddit?  
I tell people that the PNW is full now, along with saying it rains constantly.  
There are two types of people in the world. Those who laugh at the name Kankakee, and those who.. hahahaha, who the hell named a city that? 
Grew up in Edmonton Alberta and am now living in Saskatoon Saskatchewan for the past four years and the difference is staggering. Sure, it can hit -40 in Edmonton occasionally but it feels like EVERY winter in Saskatchewan it is -40 or worse every day with the wind chill. Seriously, there are like 3 or 4 trees in this province. I've tried to move back to Alberta but every time I step outside it's a near death experience.  
Well I'm pretty miffed about the missed opportunity now 
CCPrepper: And here's where I'm building a seawall to protect against storm surges.  HH: But the ocean's 750 miles away and you're over 4,000 feet above sea level.  CCPrepper: Only for the next 1,000 years - then we'll see who's laughing. 
Basically nothing.   The trick is to get a job in a city that lets you work remotely so you have that city salary and that country COL. 
For people who prefer qualitative descriptions, that's rather fat  
That river is part of the three that contains "Little Egypt."    All three are quite important. 
Well the northern half of the province is almost completely covered in boreal forest so I think maybe a few more than 4 trees.  But on the prairie...   
I once ate from a bag of mixed nuts for about ten minutes before noticing a live cockroach crawling around in there. It was all covered in salt and looked like a little almond with legs. Wasn't using a straw though. 
I feel you. I had jaw surgery as well and my bottom lip and chin were numb, I got into the habit of wiping my mouth a lot when I ate because stuff would get on my chin and NO ONE would tell me. It took about 4-6 years for the full feeling to return to my chin. 
Or he was just testing to see if you'd take stupid advice for real. 
sighs, i try not to use them because of that video.   i hate it though when a waitress just tosses straws on the table. they wont take them back because they are dirty ( or the paper wrapper gets wet).  so even if i dont use it, it still does not save a straw.  i will use paper straws  
True, but when I used to work at Wendy's, we always tried to get the phone number of the girls who asked for a straw with their frosty.   Edit for those not getting it:     1. We were stupid horny teenagers.    2. Frosty are very thick shakes and quite difficult to suck through a straw.    3. In case you still haven't gotten it, if you an suck a bowling ball through a straw, then a horny teenage boy might extrapolate you could give a great blowjob.   Edit 2: I replied below, but it's getting missed.   I don't remember if anyone got a phone number, although we did attempt a lot. I never got a number while at work.  
Hmm, well if it's camels you're looking for, then there are four places. There's the Camel Hut, that's on third. There's camels are us, that's on third too. You got Put Your Butt On That Camel, that's on third. Swing Low, Sweet Camel... That ma... Matter of fact they're all on the same complex. It's the camel complex down on third. 
You let a man tell you how to live your life. Sounds like *you're* the bitch. 
It won't give you wrinkles as long as you also smile while sipping and you won't look crazy at all I promise  
same, i wasn't particularly pro or against straws before watching that film, but ever since when a straw comes in the drink i take it out. i just cant see a straw in my cup without thinking of ryan gosling saying "it looks like youre sucking on a tiny schwanz" and steve Carrell's lips just reaching out to locate the straw....  I dont think it even made me particularly anti-straw, it just makes me CONSIDER the straw everytime im given a drink and after considering it I decide to go without 
Well that's lame.  I'd instantly laugh then immediately ask if you were ok! I just don't get the "and that was the end of the date" outcomes in these kinds of situations. Like the person who you're on a date with has never tripped, cut themselves, etc.? People are weird.  
Nice dude. That reminds me about the time I ordered some fried chicken salad from this new delivery place at my college. After picking at the salad for a couple minutes I noticed a live cockroach crawling around in there. It was all covered in ranch dressing and looked like a little piece of chicken with legs. Wasn't using a straw though. 
As long as you weren't drinking it through a straw, I think you're good 
I just died a little.  When I was in high school, I got McDonalds and passed out after a hard day. When I woke, I had forgotten all about the tea.  Fast forward a day. I get home. I find my tea. Big old swig. Threw up. Check the interior. Fuzz absolutely everywhere. 
Is it very common to lose sensation after surgery? I'm a brass player who is going to need upper AND lower jaw surgery because of apparent growth issues.   I'm super ready for a more pronounced jawline, not so much the loss of ability to play my instrument. 
I would like to hope that I would tell you that you have made a mess of your food all over your beard.   But like a bro. Not some douche canoe trying to get a laugh at your expense.   Maybe we come up with a sign? 1 beard stroke means I'm thinking. 2 means there's something in your beard. 3 means there's an evil ninja creeping up behind the person to your left. Etc.  
Rule 2 is equally as important: Don't Be Unattractive.   
They do make alcoholic root beers, but 99% of the time when you see root beer on the shelf in a store or on a restaurant menu, it's a non-alcoholic drink. 
/u/minicipalchark comfirmed as OP's mum? /u/lordtuts finally brought justice? More on this at 10. 
Description of the video says he likely ate it and then regurgitated it, but it went up a nasal passage directly connected to their mouths. Poor thing.     
Did you want to get your dick ripped off from suction or something? 
Even so, the straw works in this scenario by cracking the badass mystique for effect. Such is the power of the straw. 
The key is to always bring the straw up to your mouth. Never bring your face down to the straw. 
I heard there's one where MaryAnne rides the camel with you.. 
Don't be absurd. No one will ever need a house made entirely of brick.  
They do exist - I've seen them at music festivals where vendors are required to provide compostable utensils and straws. I don't know how available they are to the public, though. 
"As I made my way past the breakers a strange calm came over me. I don't know if it was devine intervention or the kinship of all living things but I tell you Jerry at that moment I was a marine biologist!" 
I like eating those with a spoon  (shakes and smoothies that is) 
Turtles lives for decades, maybe even centuries, so 8 minutes of pain and a bit of blood is a small price to pay. It likely obstructed its breathing and ability to expel water and stuff out from its nostrils and its ability to do coke.  
Coffee does stain teeth (they're also acidic) so it's a toss up. Or you can have a cup of water to sip from while sipping your coffee. I don't know a win-win situation here but this way you could come out super hydrated :) 
I WASN'T looking, and i was trying to get to the lip of the cup so I could get some ice, but instead wound up with the straw WAAAY up my nose. it was super bad. 
Cool man. Reminds me of the time I was delivering my baby with my wife. After cradling my newborn child for a couple minutes I noticed it was actually a giant live cockroach crawling around in my arms. It was all covered in blood and looked like a little baby with legs. Wasn't using a straw though.  
I'd say that tomato juice is repulsive enough even without cockroaches 
He did say a big gulp, I am imagining it completely filling up his mouth and choking him  
Excuse me,  I think you mean *Mr.* Ed. Have respect for your elders,  son.  
I have this theory where Reddit is secretly staffed by 300 professional comedians who moonlight as anonymous Redditors to help make our world a better place.  Nah who am I kidding, it's just the cast from Whose Line. 
Rule 3: if you can't not be unattractive, be charismatic as hell.  
/u/lordtuts? I haven't heard that name in years... 
Glass is the way to go- you can see if it needs extra cleaning with a pipe cleaner on the inside. With the metal ones it's anyone's guess what the inside looks like 
Camel with two humps, if you know what I mean.  ...  ...  Sex. I mean sex. 
Gingerbread is the future of residential construction materials 
Ya the college I went to switched to those years ago. Made out of corn I believe. Would break down in like a week.  
THE SEA WAS ANGRY THAT DAY MY FRIENDS! LIKE AN OLD MAN TRYING TO SEND BACK SOUP IN A DELI! 
I think a straw in your nose increases your ability to do coke. 
That's what I mean, always look. It takes half a second. Sorry to hear it went badly though.  
Sweet bro. Reminds me of the time I was saving a family from a fire. It wasn't until a couple of minutes of saving that I realized I saved a giant cockroach instead of any human. It was covered with smoke and looked like little father legs.  Wasn't using a straw though.  
I'd say that cockroaches are repulsive enough even without tomato juice. 
Have to clean up the larvae.  They like tight spaces.  We found them in drawers, in the breadbox, in the crevice between wall and ceiling, in screw holes, etc.  It's disgusting, because our vacuum isn't strong enough to suck up the sticky cocoons, so you may have to pull them off with a toothpick and then suck it off with the vacuum....... 
Excuse me sir, I am a professional *meme historian*.  
This is redundant in view of Rule 1, since charisma is attractive 
Me too. Well, only one set of kids from one set of hideous parents.  I honestly think it was a case of multiplying a negative with a negative to get a positive.  Literally. 
Wait who is lordtuts?  I'd that the redditor reddit made famous?  
Same. I guess I used my final straw yesterday when I was drinking a mojito. Maybe I'll go buy a glass one with a filtered end. 
After reading these suggestions, I think I will just revert to using a sippy-cup. 
I mean specifically the girls who asked for straws. Only thing I can think of is some connection with blowjobs, but I'm not making it. 
You have to have the gear right.  A backpack with a machete and hatchet strapped to the sides looks badass.  A hiking pack properly weighted and strapped doesn't move and you can miles and miles a day with it.    Sadly laptop bags never look cool(unlike bowties or Stetsons) you have to hold them down and run for the subway in your geeky outfit.  WHY CANT WE BRING BACK BRIEFCASES!? 
Way ahead of you. Please look up my Indiegogo campaign Gingerbread Freakin Houses and consider donating. 
"From where I was standing I could look directly into the eye of the great fish!"  'Mammal!'  "Whatevah." 
Rad homie. Reminds me of the time I was in middle school taking a math test. It wasn't until a couple minutes of test taking that I realized my teacher, classmates, parents, siblings, and myself were all cockroaches and that I wasn't taking a test and that I didn't know what a test was. I was covered in urine and so was everyone else and we were in a bathroom in Soho. Wasn't using a straw though. 
I mean, they got a kick out of it. But they did shit all to help. Took me a year and a half but finally got rid of the moths.  I moved. 
I have to say, I'm blown away at how relevent this comment thread is as I just had upper and lower jaw surgery four days ago. Still very numb and swollen so I can't tell you much from personal experience, but my surgeon told me word for word what j_rod went over. The numbness in the bottom lip is rarely permanent, although it's fairly common for it to stick around for up to six months. I'd say prepare for some difficulty with playing up until that point. And good luck! The aesthetic difference for me in the past four days has already gotten me compliments 
Hell, even if they don't for a week it makes some difference. I agree we should all care more. But every single bit matters 
Yeah but unless you stay on top of maintenance of said sippy cup it accumulates all sorts of bacteria and mold. And just dishwashing it doesn't work. You have to full on scrub that sucker (pun?) out.  
It's really difficult to suck a frosty through a straw.  Ergo, if they ask for straws, they can suck really, really, really hard. 
Sick, friendo. Reminds me of the time I was elected President. It wasn't until election night that I realized my opponent and her entire team were just giant cockroaches and that my entire campaign was a joke. It was all dressed up and talking and just looked like a Secretary of State with legs. Wasn't using a straw though. 
Probably more effort than the actual eradication of the moths? 
Gods damnit... I was really hoping for the secret to defeating the mothy menace, but alas... It appears the only answer is to cede my territories to them to start anew. 
So the best course of action is to waterbend your drink to save the environment 
Though let's be honest, more people use the fact that nobody knows they're *not* an anthropomorphic wolf to pursue their interests. 
Righty hoe. Reminds me of that one time i was praying at my shul. It wasn't until a couple minutes of scheming that i realized my rabbi, parents, myself, and the rest of my congregation were cockroaches and we werent praying but feasting on the feces of some liberal arts major who had relieved xirself into and all over the coffee machine at starbucks. I was covered in some liquid the humans called "iced frappuccino" and so was everyone else but we didnt really much care because we were cockroaches. Wasnt using a straw though. 
Well, this was more time/effort than the Battle of the Baking Cupboard (the first one), but much less than the overall war.    Eggs can remain viable for up to 300 days. Months after I thought it was all over they'd be back. 
The answer is to slurp it. Don't seal your lips around the straw, so you get more air than drink. Then as it cools or you build a tolerance, adjust to reduce the air, until you are eventually just drinking normally. 
I got one of those Contigo travel thermos' and I've wondered if I'm cleaning the buildup from coffee and tea properly.  Just bringing it up because it's pretty much an adult sippy-cup. 
What is the not-so-wholeso...you know what? I'm better off not knowing  
The list of things you can shout at your friends when they blue shell you is considerably longer as an adult. 
Ripper, cobber. Reminds me of the arvo that I was sinking tinnies with Steve. He was on barbie duty and the bloody drongo had burnt the snags to buggery. It wasn't until I was taking the first bite of a snag sanga that I cottoned onto the fact that Steve turned into a fucken New South Welshman, and the woolies snags were actually just minced up blues fans. Wasn't using a straw though. 
Annnnd nobody is questioning this guy because of his username? WHAT IF HE'S LYING?! 
And a lot more satisfying. I was never able to call Peach a bitch ass cunt when she stole first place from me either.  
Magnificent, mate. Reminds me of the time I was riding with my mate down under. I saw my dog being held up in a headlock by a giant cockroach. I got out of my car and punched the cockroach straight in the jaw. It was all buff and looked like a kangaroo. Wasnt using a straw though. 
Are you kidding? He's got a written declaration and everything. Even if he is lying, he's taken it past what may be resolved through diplomacy. 
Congratulations... you made me google it, and now I've seen a wolf dick 
My dad got so fucking drunk, he wouldn't stop screaming "THE CUBS WON THE WORLD SERIES" for 2 hours and then he passed out 
Son of a bitch, the Sports Almanac was wrong by just ONE year... 
To be fair, that answer will apply to all major events they may ask you about  
I'm on the red line and we're about to hit Addison. Send help.  Everyone is singing. I fucking love it. 
I was coming here to see if anyone has a gif or video link to that. He was cheering before he even grabbed that ball! 
Theo Epstein could run for governor of California by basing his campaign around two words: drought buster. 
It's god tying up loose story ends before he fucks us all up.   That's right. I called it. Trump victory.  
I'm about 6 blocks from Wrigley Field. There is a mass exodus to the field right now. Complete pandemonium outside.  My dogs are confused. Pretty awesome! 
This girl named Becky Schwartz said she'd fuck me "when the Cubs win the world series". I don't know how to explain to my SO that I have to do this... 
Baseball has that weird magic and romance to it though. I can't follow it the whole season, it's too slow for me, but I love big sports moments anyway and tonight the slow speed really drew out the tension. Loved it 
Tomorrow night the Cubs will win the World Series again 
Enjoy that shit, this kind of thing will never happen again, you're in the middle of history 
That's how most of us feel I think. I don't know shit about baseball, but I've always heard about how the cubs are cursed. Good for them! 
This is why I really wanted the Cubs to win. I remember watching that game in 2004 on a tiny tv when I wasn't supposed to be awake because of school. They broke the curse and I got to see it as a sox fan. I'm so happy for the Cubs and their fans, it's a great feeling 
I'm totally biased since I'm a Cubs fan but I mean if you have to lose to someone, might as well be the team that hasn't won a championship in over a 100 years. 
I feel kind of bad, because I was raised as a Cubs fan, and I've always felt the love for them in my heart.  I grew up watching Andre Dawson, Mark Grace, Ryno, Greg Maddux, Sammy Sosa, all those goddamn greats.  Feeling that heartbreak in high school with the 03' team (losing with Wood and Prior...HOW?).  But I'm the type of guy who doesn't really have the patience to *care* through an entire 160+ whatever game baseball season.  So, I'm not really fairweather because I always keep tabs on the Cubs, but I also can't muster up much of a shit about baseball esp if the Cubs aren't good.  I suspect a lot of people have similar stories. 
I'm a server at Applebee's. I get excited when people ask for Shirley Temples, because I can respond by saying, "Surely!"  But nobody ever laughs.  
Trump vs Clinton. Let that sink in. We're in a crazy ass world. 
I feel the same way about my 93 year old grandpa! Say, he's looking for a girlfriend...  Let your gma know he *still* can drive ;)  not bad eh 
How many Cubs fans are going to die happy to have seen the Cubs win the World Series any ways? 
Isn't a baseball game always down to the last batter...? 
Ah we're past three. Leo won an Oscar remember? And all of those celebrity deaths. 
Lifelong Red Sox fan here. ALL HAIL THEO!!!!!   I was at that game in '04. Nothing compares to that feeling. I'm so happy for the Cubs! (and poor indians) 
Someone joked about that at the bar last night. "If the Cubs win, the death rate in Chicago will shoot up because of all the people waiting for the Cubs to win the World Series to die."  Admittedly, it was the bearded guy who stands at busy intersections with a "U.S. is not free" sign and spouts conspiracy stuff, but it was still funny. 
Hahahaha. I'm so glad. I want a parade!!! A 3-day parade.  
That's because there was going to be a tornado. A tornado of drunken fans going crazy. 
Half of Chicago might be destroyed tonight with the celebratory rioting. This is bigger than anyone who is not a baseball fan can understand. 108 years since the Cubbies won a WS. Huge thing. 
And then it'll turn out that the cut on Leo DiCaprio's hand in *Django Unchained* was fake all along. 
Last time the Cubs won the World Series, Barack Obama was President. 
Actually the last time the cubs won the world series Ireland was part of the United Kingdom.  
Only because Biff screwed up the original timeline when he changed his name to Trump  
I plan on watching the Browns lose the 2080 Super bowl and immediately shitposting about it on r/nfl 
Where are you going? ***Why did you leave your house???*** 
I know those are streets in Chicago but I still read that as you being in some kind of quantum state 
I'm glad someone else saw that. I'm genuinely concerned. 
You deserve to lose tens of thousands of dollars if you're basing your sports bets off of movie predictions.  
He's the biggest winner of all, imo. Red Sox then Cubs? Dude is amazing.   Which team is next? How much money is he getting? 
Cubs win the series and fucking Biff the presidency  
My dad passed 13 years ago. I'm wearing his Cubs hat. 
Dude, for these old timers, these long, long, LONG suffering fans, this is the promised land.  See the Cubs win a World Series?  Any Cubs fan who's been around for a long while could probably go pretty damned peacefully after that. 
I am sure she will understand. But plot twist, Becky also said that to 65 other guys so you may have a line to wait in... 
I had no money riding on it and I almost had a heart attack. 
It won't last. Even if you narrow it down to American sports I guarantee you 100% odds that you'll lose the shortest drought title in the super bowl. 
Even as a lifelong Cubs fan, I was rooting for the Sox so hard in 2004. I was in seventh grade. I remember staying up way too late too, those extra innings games where you guys rallied against the Yankees. Ortiz with those clutch home runs. Curt Schilling and his bloody ankle. All of it was beautiful.  
Has to. There was at least one Cubs fan and one Indians fan that got 2016 tattoos. They couldn't both fail. 
Exactly man, I've been a Cubs fan my whole life (20 years). but 20 years isn't shit to the generations before us, they were the real fans. This win tonight was more than a win for us true lifelong Cub fans. This was a win for the lifelong Cub fans who went their whole life without that, but just wishing for that World Srries win. That was monumental, that was for our ancestors.  
You're completely right. I don't even understand how big this is. But it makes me think of my second Grandma to die who I didn't go to visit in the hospital as much as I should have because I was mainly scared of being as hurt as I was when my second aunt to die died because I felt I got too close to her in her final months. But every time I went into visit my grandmother would just speak of the Cubs. how much she loved them. How much she just wanted them to win. SHE WAS IN HER NINETIES. she never saw the Cubs win the World Series. So to me this is very important. She was the sweetest woman ever, who would given everything for anyone. So to me, this is for her. She watched it all since she was a young girl in the depression, but they never won. This one is for her.  
As an Indians fan, this is true. If anyone knows what it's like to come back from 3-1 to get the city's first championship in a lifetime, it's Cleveland fans. Enjoy it. It's a great feeling! 
You're not the guy we're talking about . We're talking about the people who've been diehard "_____ team" fans for the last 5 years, and their facebook feed is full of "go red sox" or some shit, but the moment the cubs won suddenly they've been diehard cubs fans their whole life and they've always wanted to see a win.  I had a friend of mine do that with football. Was a diehard chargers fan until the patriots went undefeated and suddenly he was a diehard patriots fan. Next years he was back to the chargers.    
Seriously if I were OP I would start shopping that shit.  
'It's a fight to the finish.'  "Well that's a good place to end!"  -Mitch Hedberg 
Also, Biff ran a SUCCESSFUL casino. So theres some pretty big differences. 
As soon as they won I hopped on the red line straight to Wrigley lol 
I'm in London and NYC right now and things are pretty crazy  
Yeah, I'm pretty sure this means Trump is going to win the presidency and North Korea is going to discover internet porn.  
To be fair, every set of predictions over the last 50 years included the Cubs winning the World Series. It's been a running joke forever.  
Breaking a 108 year curse? No, it was something nobody ever could dream of.  
Brown's fans be like: Theo what do you know about football? 
"McFly's a hero because he's a butthead. I like people who aren't buttheads, okay?" 
Been wearing my gramps old Wrigley Field hat all series. Sorry for your loss. 
2.5 hrs out of Chicago,  and still fireworks 30 min after the game.  Crazy 
As a Chicagoan I had 100 on the cubs losing, barely watched it, heart skipped several beats several times. Money aside my mom (lifelong cubs fan) was hyperventilating and cursing the whole time, broke down in tears for a good 15 mins when they won. 
My dad got to go to game 7 against the Yankees. That was awesome as a kid to know he was there. Now that I'm older it actually seems more amazing. 
Sounds like a book and movie adaptation waiting to happen.  Hey OP, include this comment in the movie please. 
Yep, it was against the Royals last season. I cracked up so hard when that happened. Listening to Ryan Lefebvre and Rex Hudler's commentary was hilarious. 
Death, taxes, Arsenal finishing above Tottenham... some things never change  
23 is also Cubs Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg's number.  
Pretty sure North Korea finding internet porn would probably be a good thing. Maybe finally jerk that one out and calm the fuck down. 
this is why i have to go into every thread. This is great. too much really 
That was the best ballgame I'm ever gonna be fortunate enough to witness, and some of the best commentary to go along with it. 
if you watch the last play Rizzo puts it in his back pocket the moment he gets the out. 
"I want all the illegal Mexicans to make like a tree, and get outta here." 
He just texted me he's trying to make his way home, it's just the traffic. He said not to worry.    ^^^^bro ^^^^code ^^^^for ^^^^life 
Always involving a team from Cleveland, one way or the other. 
As a film student, this is without a doubt going on my list of potential films to make.  
Last year was fucking precious.Tottenham for most of the end of the season ahead of Arsenal, and Arsenal gets....second 
Breaking news! RG VI has torn his ACL while climbing the stairs to greet his new comrades. 
Or as my brother likes to put it, Tottenham came in third in a two horse race. 
He'll be out for three or four snaps while they 3D print him a new knee.  
Jesus Christ, the sportsball is coming from inside the house 
Not only to upvote himself, but to downvote people he disagreed with. Was once a beloved Reddit celebrity who always chimed in with cheerful and enthusiastic biology facts. I always read his comments in Claptrap's voice. 
Poor girl was probably holding them in all night and you happened to get up when sleep took over and she lost the fight against her body.  BEEN THERE lol  
If your name is Doug, I have to say you hid this one poorly.  
My dad was the same with my childhood cat. In everyones eyes he hated that cat, because it would always meow at his door to get let outside, and then meow at his window to get let in in the early morning.   Secretly, after a bad day, he would grab that cat, snuggle it like his life depended on it.   Ironically, my dad ran over the cat by accident. Dad also passed away shortly after. I like to picture them hanging out having a beer watching everyone.  
Wow what a fucking idiot. Like, why send a pic with him in the room goddamn  
He planned to propose for a year and a half before he did it?  Why?  Did he just get a good deal on a ring and buy it just in case? 
I just read this to my husband. He immediately got up and put a bag of croutons in the freezer. We're trying it tomorrow.   Update: Sorry it took so long but it makes them crunchier, which we like. Not bad, not bad at all. Much better than the cat food Tina Belcher told us to try. 
Damn dude, she risked giving you pink eye... the worst marriage transmitted disease you can get from sharing the same phone 
I had a friend who did this to all of her friends and her boyfriend... We figured it out but she never knew.  
Years ago, my wife quit smoking, but couldn't keep it up, so started again behind my back - I don't want her smoking, but I'm not going to stop her  I knew practically straight away (You can tell when a smoker goes from not smoked in a while, to having had one)  For months I kept hinting I knew she was keeping a secret, a few times even straight out asked her if she was smoking again, to which she denied.  In the end, she caved in and told me, and was confused as hell when I said I knew all along 
Some day when you are a distant memory he is going to think about you and feel sick to his stomach.  You deserve better; give yourself a chance. 
Whether it counts or not, I felt the cathartic waves from here, man. I'm sorry for the shitty ex, but the internet's listening to ya.  
This is kind of a blessing  Just let her walk away, don't escalate the convo into an argument (be fair and nonchalant)  Then immediately go to work on yourself: become a better person in different ways, and do exactly what you want to do  Your life doesn't need to depend on those that don't see value in you 
"Honey, you're not going to believe this. The guys are *dragging* me to the Stanley Cup finals tonight. I didn't ask for it, but really it would be rude of me to say no." 
As the opposite half of that equation. I fell back in love with my wife. Fairly recently actually. We have been together 15 years now. Rough spot about 5 years ago. Separated for a year. Got back together. Honestly, in the last year, it's really going well. I am back in love again. Just letting you know, there is hope. Couples therapy helped. But we both had to do slot on our own. And the biggest piece for me was that I needed to see she was truly making an effort.  
This happened with my wife and a friend - before I knew her. Actually, it is only because I am friends with him that I met her.  He encouraged our dating.  I don't know if she knows that I know that they had a little thing, no reason it ever needed to come up really.  I don't feel any resentment toward her but to be completely honest I have a small amount of (unreasonable) resentment toward him.  He is a super nice, genuine guy so I am chalking this up to a biological, human condition.  
Five of us in a skype call playing LOL together. One of my buddies just starts reading off some recent comments from my reddit account all nonchalantly. Will never forget that immense feeling of panic. Now when i post things i have to make sure id be ok with my buddies ragging on me for it haha.  
Sounds exactly like my ex. In addition to all the excuses you listed, I also got "it's mouthwash I used in the car after work" quite often.  He came stumbling home drunk a couple times and once with a severe head injury and I had to drive him to the emergency room.  When I left him, he told his family, my family, and all my friends I cheated on him so he was filling for divorce. Most of them still believe it and this happened almost 7 years ago. 
Oh god this reminds me of me:( when I first started dating my bf, I was super shy to use the bathroom or toot or anything in front of him. Well one night I'm hanging out at his place with his friend who I had just met for the first time, and I get a stomach ache. I  ended up clogging the toilet big time (I used to be really bad about the amount of tissue I used) and he didn't have a plunger. I had to leave the mess in there, tell him what happened, and then go purchase a plunger from the store. First, buying just a plunger by itself at the store is embarrassing enough, but then I had to walk through the living room where my bf and his friend are hanging out with the damn thing! Very VERY embarrassing but luckily we all had a laugh and now me and my bf have been together for almost 5 years :)  
I came home from 3 months abroad having left my boyfriend to care for my pets. According to my African Grey parrot there was someone by the name Linda that did "something" very good. She also kept calling people "Fucking Shmuck " and demanding that they get her a beer. She had also master the sound of a gurgling bong and followed it with loud coughing sounds and the occasional "BOOYAH!"   Sounded like he had a lot of fun. 
Hey I do that too! And I did the exact same thing, telling a girlfriend I loved her while almost asleep. I didn't realize it until the next day when she brought it up in front of her friends. I said I was drunk and didn't mean it. That relationship ended two weeks later.  
You know what's amusing, this far into the thread so far...I forgot it was "worst" secrets....I've been enjoying everything regardless. 
I've walked in on my husband watching Gilmore Girls more times than I can count. 
Aw that's adorable :) I'm happy for you dawg.      
I'd start with breaking up with her. Then go buy yourself a steak.  
That's very sad. :( My aunt and uncle got divorced because my uncle couldn't handle being married. (They were still dating, just no longer in the same house). When talking with the marriage counselor, they realized my uncle actually had severe aspergers the whole time. Once he started getting treated for it, they remarried and are pretty happy together, because now they know what's going on. Hopefully there's hope for you and him, if my aunt and uncle got things to work 
My gf hates when I oversleep on a regular basis, so she plays with my cock when I'm supposed to wake up.  Jokes on her, I still oversleep every time. 
My ex told me before we married that he was disqualified from driving after drink driving. He had to retake his test. I later discovered that this wasn't true at all - he'd never even had lessons before, let alone passed his test and then been disqualified. He was such an arse that he preferred me thinking he'd got done for drunk driving, than knowing the truth - that he'd never learnt to drive. Idiot.  
Fun fact: Pearls were considered to be the most precious jewel in the world for centuries while diamonds are actually quite a common gem. Your SO has taste. 
She might still be telling the truth. I don't want kids and I can't have them anyway. 
I had a crazy ex accuse me of hitting her, which is absolutely untrue. One thing I said that immediately made her stop was that when she says that she minimizes the experience of women who have actually been abused. For some reason that really worked and she never said that again 
Going through this right now and I can't find it in me to forgive his friends for the way they treated me. I see you're speaking in past tense, may I ask what happened? 
Dude. How much has to happen before you GTFO? That will not be the last crazy shit she does. Not at all. 
I do this to my wife,  if she wakes up she punches me(for waking her up not feeling her up) maybe if she went topless it would help.  
I went through hundreds of comments here and THIS is the one that made my jaw drop open. You are living a bad adult romance novel, my friend.  
He sounds fantastic. Can I borrow him for a hot sec? 
They probably interpreted it as asking, "What is the worst-kept secret your so is hiding from you?" 
If you don't break it off now, you'll get complacent and end up marrying her. You'll be married for the most miserable 10 years and she'll get alimony and child support. 
I apparently did something like this. I don't really like cuddling when I'm awake. It's hot and breathing through her hair / my face right next to her neck is uncomfortable. But apprently I used to really cling to her when I was asleep. Weird. 
Out of curiosity, why are you getting him something so thoughtful when it seems he's looking for the first opportunity for greener pasture?  Obviously a relationship is much more complex than a few words, but yeah. 
I don't know why, but this idea reminded me of another post where some dude kept very slightly refilling a ketchup bottle making his gf think they had a magic infinite ketchup bottle. 
Some people get off on the manipulation. Makes them feel powerful and special in a sick way. 
Knew she had found it and had to wait longer so she would actually be surprised.  
Yes, very confusing year an a half for me. Wondering is it gonna happen now, then disappointment when it didn't.   And pure elation when he finally did. 
It's not fair, is it? I always feel like we were both oak trees that grew next to each other; our roots tangled with one another. When she died, I felt like my roots were twisted and turned in many directions where her roots used to be, but now there is nothing.  I hope you're doing okay. 
You're talking to an oak tree rn. I don't move an inch until I'm up for the bathroom  
Should've did him a solid and typed in a few quality porn sites so they'd pop up  
Fuck yes. Going through this right now. Bye bitch.  
Me and my S.O. hit a rough patch...and then it was followed by an awful event and the a minor one....but sometimes things need to be shaken up when you've settled too much. We're peaches n cream now. And the only way to do that was through communication...Of course I tried the r/relationships route and got the "break up with him asap/ you're just lying to yourself" routine...But I look to my parents and have seen their ups and downs and they're in love still and overcome everything they argue about. They're best friends....and that's how I see me and my S.O. 
Same here. Two years,  wasted. Now I have to work 65+ hours a week, and that sucks. I may be tired but at least I'm infinitely happier.   
This whole inconvenience is why I hunted down and slayed all my girlfriends evil exes.  
All my friends know my account after I made a post in the league subreddit that did well. I'm willing to bet anything that they they are too lazy to stalk me. Just in case, fuck you Eddie. 
The best is when you *only* buy a plunger. Everyone knows whats waiting for you at home.  
This is hilarious but I am so sorry that happened. 
As a guy that hates whatever my GF watches, Gilmore Girls is amazing. 
Let's not jump to conclusions, maybe he just likes Blake Lively's legs. 
My mom does this all the fricking time.  It's really kind of amazing to me how good she is at manipulating people, and I mean this in the best way.  She's brilliant at getting outcomes where everyone feels like they got the best end of the deal. 
Yup, definitely. Giving is fun, but it's even better if you can see the result of the appreciation.  
5d chess. He gave her a check, then after a few months they mated 
Then go get tested...for STD's. Sorry this happened to you.  
I'm very glad that autism is better understood these days. So many more tools for managing it than in past decades.  My toddler is showing some red flags of autism, and we've had some speech and behavior specialists coming by to evaluate / work with him, as well as teach us how to better work with him. In just 2 months, he's started speaking (as opposed to grunting/crying), his tantrums are shorter and less frequent, and he's far better with eye contact. His improvement is just staggering. 
If you go for the book option, read 'The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time'. Christopher, the protagonist, isn't explicitly stated to be on the autism spectrum in the novel itself, but he's a character who certainly demonstrates some of the traits that people with autism of Asperger syndrome may display. It's also just a very funny, moving and all-round *good* book, so it's a win-win. 
That's like giving the dog a hamburger for shitting on the carpet. 
Yeah this is heart-wrenching.  If there's one thing I could change about this world, I wouldn't allow bad things to happen to good people. 
100% should be a bumper sticker if it isn't already 
We had been together 5 or 6 years at that point, so a while. 
Same. My chance of a successful pregnancy (I'm told) is in the single digits, roughly 2-5%. People always presume I lament losing the option for option's sake, but I don't; I'm thrilled over it. Your SO might be the same, OP.  
Sounds like it was a reality check she needed.  I think people that make those accusations have just never been called out for bring the utter assholes that they are - more people need to be aware of their behaviour. 
This is the most baffling part of the post. He thought she'd just wake up with jizz on her and not think twice about it? 
My ex and I dated on and off. When we were off, he would ruthlessly bash me to his friends. I didn't know this. So when we got back together and I actually spent time with them, they were awful to me. Did everything they could to make sure I was uncomfortable. Later when some of them warmed up to me and realized I'm not an awful person, they kind of let it slip that the SO was who made them think that way in the first place. We broke up.   Turns out it was him and not them. 
if she gets even a wiff of what's up her BC will magically fail and OP will be father to her fallback meal ticket.  
I can't wait to see the look of 'oh my god I'll actually have to start going to university to be able to support myself' face.  
That's pretty much what he said, too. He gets anxiety attacks and breathing my air (like when someone is face to face and super close) or having my hair in his face made him feel like he couldn't breathe.  
Found out too late. Painting takes time, and I can't back out now. I might just keep it and turn it into a dartboard. I am many things, but wasteful isn't one of them. 
Of course. I am so sorry this happened to you. I could only imagine what you've gone through. You are a very strong person to share this with us, and I have nothing but respect for you. 
So she smokes inside the house? Wouldn't you be able to smell it anyway? 
Same.  I wake up the way I fell asleep;  on my back with my arms by my side's.  My SO thinks I'm a vampire. 
Just open up the gas cap, get the model number of the tracker, make a deal with an electronics guy to buy a similar one off the books. Then when you get home, replace her tracker with your tracker, open up her tracker inside your house and attach a radio to the battery so that it slowly drains energy rather than suddenly die outright to avoid suspicion.  Now, she has to go get the tracker and replace it. So you stake out at your window with a good view of your car, but darken the room so she doesn't see you. And remember to have a bowl of pistachios handy. 
I should re-watch Chuck. That was a pretty fun show  
That's only legal in Toronto though.  And make sure they explode into coins, so there isn't evidence of the murder. 
This is why you need to keep a tighter cutlery inventory. 
That's why a plunger is my go-to house warming gift. 
I'm happy for you! Great that everything worked out! Props!  
Scared the shit out of me one night. But we got a good laugh out of it the next day. 
Like a squirting orgasm while she's sitting on your face 
hey, host it by yourself! have her open the door to you holding a balloon and wearing a party hat with a cake or some other self made gift! 
Her friend: She's totally coming home on the 21st!   You: It was right about then I began to suspect...  
I hope you're doing better now. Know that you seem like a awesome person! 
Sounds familiar :) Being the little spoon was better, but by far my favourite was our backs against each other. Easy breathing, feeling her warmth without being sweaty, and feeling really safe, with no-one able to sneak onto us from my behind. Expect for the fact that we were asleep, of course. 
Swap out the family members with the women he's seeing.  Take all your stuff. Leave the painting hung above the bed.  Halas. 
I remember doing that. also taking half an hour to open a sliding door so that it didn't make enough noise to wake anyone up.  
As a teenager I used to sneak out to smoke a joint: sometimes I'd crawl out the Attic window and sit on the roof (at night after everyone was asleep), during the day id slip outside and take a short walk to a nearbye  river and sit on the bank to light up. One time a cop drive past, stopped (while I frantically put out my joint while also trying to act like I wasn't) and then started to chat me up, not sure if he saw me smoking a joint or if he was just flirting with me. Eventually he wished me a good day and left but my heart was pounding the whole time.  
It's why you have a guest cutlery set, and a secret personal set. 
Thank god I'm not the only one. It's my wedding gift for young couples as well.  Although I do get odd looks when I ask the hardware store to gift wrap it. 
He didn't say anything about insertion, perhaps they are just ramming them together. 
That is when I am at my happiest. Nothing in life can top that. 
My gf grabs my hand and puts it on her when she wants to be touched. She started doing it in her sleep, the first time I thought she was awake and kept going as usual, but she woke up and was annoyed (until I explained). 
That could have been a pretty innocuous mistake, especially from a third party. 
He does that, too. He'll scoot over when I go to bed so we are touching butts. He'll face the door and I face the window. But I've woken up with his head resting on top of mine and his legs around me more than once.   Edited for autocorrect fail.  
Wait, other people actually do this? Am I being had? 
I give two books, The Joy of Sex and The Joy of Cooking but I'm adding a plunger into the gift basket after reading this. 
I think she posted something on Instagram quoting Baby Got Back and people got pissed about it for some reason. 
Every fork you've had in your mouth has been a poo scoop 
I'm with you bacon, I too was diagnosed with aspergers syndrome, well, at age 10. I know exactly where you're coming from. What I've sorta picked up on is that you have to have your own "script" to conquer social encounters. Like somebody asks what's up and I say, Man I'm rockin n rollin! Get brave, accept the fact that you'll fuck up. It's okay to get teased a little as long as you draw a line somewhere. I didn't accomplish my social awkwardness till late in highschool, but it doesn't end. Thing is, you end up being so proud of yourself that you forget your problem being a "problem".  
A friend of mine explained it to me like "Imagine you're meeting someone new and right out of the gate they dump "I got molested as a child so that's kind of like a duck in cold weather."  You'd have a fearful mix of "holy shit wtf do I say now?" but also "wait, what do they actually *mean* by that?".   And you get that feeling for almost every conversation, with everyone, forever.  I'm not jealous. 
The therapist who diagnosed me once told me this story about how one of her patients basically thought "Why is everyone so fucking weird?" for about 17 years before he got diagnosed, because he genuinely didn't realize that _he_ might be the odd one. That's me, as well. 
I actually think that we have too much empathy. I often times get visibly upset when I feel I hurt someone.  
This really.  I personally have some ADHD thrown into the mix, so the concentrating really well part is out of the window for me. Unless it's something I'm interested in doing. Like theres a,certain threshold of interest that needs to be present to start high concentration mode. 
I wish you many smiles and happy thinking :) I am glad I could make you smile. It is hard sometimes and it is scary but there are ways to make life better. Never just go "they have autism they can't do ____" Because sometimes they can and other times they may not be able to say put their socks on, but they can get the socks and ask for help to put them on. Its not the same but its better than just assuming they have no understanding of the socks. Thank you kindly for your response. 
My step daughters go to the climbing gym with a boy with autism. And last summer all the parents of his assotiation went to a mountain refuge. The mother told me that it was great because all of them were parents or children with autism, so nobody look at them weird when the kids had a meltdown or escape, they didn't have to excuse themselves or apologize for their children. It was incredibly relaxing for them 
When ever ppl ask me how i am i still want to say somewhere in the middle between great and terrible. They want you to say great 
b...but it's just a harmless case of social anxiety, r-right? 
That's accurate, and I've actually said stuff like that before.  
The Internet has been one of the best things ever for autistic people. It is so much easier to communicate through text devoid of all the body language and vocal tones...  
I don't necessarily break down, but it might take me a bit longer than normal to go to sleep. 
Of course not  if its a one off thing that I know about in advance (e.g going to see family in the afternoon) then I feel nervous (pit of my stomach ish, no apatite and butterflys) for the rest of the day in the lead up (sometimes the night before too) and that stays for at least 30 mins in to going off usual and that goes depending on how conformable and relaxed I become.  if it's unexpected will hit much harder and take more to relax again  if it is a permanent change then for the first few times its much harder to be comfortable, I can fixate on it but it goes down over time as that becomes the new routine  basically i can get comfortable over time almost as if I'm being detracted from the change but that does take a bit of work  
I was diagnosed about 15 years ago I think as a young child. I did get some help in primary school so up to 11 but after that  virtually nothing. I have been getting help for Anxiety and at the moment I want to get that well and truly sorted as I know how dangerous that can get  Thanks for the advice, you're too kind! 
If it makes you feel any better, I am quite capable of socializing but have found that people generally suck and have chosen to stay at home much more often doing computer things and crafts. IMO you both seem normal to me. 
I should probably see a therapist, then. I recognise myself in more than a few of the answers given in this thread. This one in particular triggered a few slighlty uncomfortable emotions. 
I have huge trouble telling someone they've made a mistake. I've let people go calling me by the wrong name, or I change the subject in conversation, because the idea of making someone feel bad for making an error is intolerable. That one's a bugger to get around. It was worse as a teenager, I was once frozen to the spot for 3 minutes outside a teacher's door because knocking would interrupt them. Never mind that I had to see them and that they were expecting it, it might slightly inconvenience them and it would be my fault. I'm glad that stage is mostly over with. 
I'm similar but didn't realise for a long long time, it's totally possible to have sympathy without empathy which i have. I couldn't previously tell the difference until i spent probably 3 hours discussing the distinction with someone who was simply curious. 
Ok so I see the same thing in my sister and her problem is that she doesn't include the necessary context to get her joke or what she's talking about sometimes.  Just to give an example, during her diagnosis of autism a lot of new terms for what autism is were being invented and one had the acronym of A.S.S. (In the Netherlands here, so the acronyms were made out of Dutch words and ass isn't a Dutch word). So my family joked about how if you had autism you were an ass.  My sister explained to a guest one time that she has autism, and joked about how she's an ass. The guest was confused because he didn't know about the acronym, and it never occurred to my sister that most people wouldn't know that.   Do you think you have trouble determining what details you need to and don't need to include when talking with someone?      
I have a cat, she is my friend too. She is very friendly. I was afraid of contact too but I was able to gain a volunteer to take me to library and through that I have become a bit more able with contact. If there is an organisation with you nearby, they may have a volunteer program it may help. Things are much better now I am older than when I was younger. Maybe you can try once again one day soon? :) Happy thinking to you. Best smiles. 
Thank you kindly for your nice words :) I like to help people and if this can help then I help. Its very different from my usual lego reddit postings :) 
Hello, I am glad you feel lucky sometimes. That is a nice feeling. I was also very distressed by crying and screaming babies. However I have changed how I am now. Sometimes it is hard.But other times I feel okay if I can ask the parents questions. "Why is the baby crying" "will it be okay" I love babies but it can be hard to understand some sounds they make and express.  I am sorry your best friend is misleading, that is sad. I am glad my friends are not misleading. 
I walk in circles a lot too. My flapping is only when I am really happy and excited. Hehe when I got gilded in this I got excited and my arms went everywhere and I giggles. I guess happy feelings make that happen. And excited. 
I wish so much with all my heart they made a playground big enough for me to play in also. Some things like the slides and climbing and ropes I can do, but then there are small tubes to crawl through that I can't fit and my 8 year old friends wishes I did. So yes I wish there were spaces for all different kinds of needs and wants! Especially sensory and play spaces. 
Social groups, being invited to something. I never experienced an invitation to anything till I was older. Even if I don't want to go the feeling of being included is the best feeling ever. Like my friend she had a party just for me. She invited 3 people to play board games and they chose board games that I was able to understand. It was the first party I had ever been to. I was 25.      Jobs and basic skills are okay, but if you don't feel like you belong or don't feel like anyone wants to be around you. Then it can be scary and sad.      My friend invited me to the board game night with an actual invitation it said Time: Place: What to bring: it made it structured and it was the best adventure I ever had because it was my first real social adventure. So I think Planned Inclusion.  
:) I am very bad at messaging people first, they often have to message me. I love messages. Thank you kindly for your kind words. 
I hope this is a good thing. I am unsure by your post. 
I do this too, but I learned its okay to say. Can I talk about something else now? And that has helped a lot. I hope you are doing very good and lots of happy things are your way. I think you are brave. 
I am unsure of the term emotional Levels, can you explain what you mean so I can better answer the question. 
People should just stop (ignoring the problem of) bullying alltogether. I don't want to tell all the people I meet "please be extra kind to me because..." (= code for i-am-officially-offlimits-for-bullying).  I have nothing to contribute, I'll shut up now. 
When he was 2, I used to defend him to strangers and their rude comments. I quickly stopped doing that because I didn't want him to hear me use the word autistic for the first time. When he got older (he's 5 now) and figured out he was a little different, we discussed how he felt and went from there. I've always told him how special his is and how it's okay to be different. I've also learnt to ignore strangers, I don't want their negative energy to affect my happy, bubbly child.   It's been a long learning curve and everyday their is something we have to face. But that's life. He learns things like a sponge, and like you he goes through phases of interest.   I'm really thrilled this was thread this morning and that I got to read all of the comments so far. You gave me a light of hope that one day my little cutie will be able to converse with strangers (anyone outside of his comfort zone)   Thank you again, and many happy smiles to you! :)  
That's human nature. That's never going to change. 
Oh, whoops, I should've specified; it hadn't closed permanently, just for the night. But that was enough to derail the standard chain of events.  But there was a restaurant here that was replaced, and caused kind of the same effect mentally. My parents are retired, and I'm the youngest and not out of school so I still live with them, but also go with them on their outings they couldn't do before. One of these involved going to a silver service restaurant. This had been my first experience with one of those, and it was really good. We'd been there twice before now, and it was really good, high quality food. Upon arriving here yesterday, we found it was replaced by some Italian place with a massively reduced menu. I knew it was this place because I recognised the layout of the tables and chairs, not even joking.  
To the best of my knowledge (cannot claim to be a mental health professional), Autism is a spectrum disorder. In order to diagnose it, they have somewhat of a checklist. I think it was if you meet five or more items on the checklist, the line is crossed and then it's time to establish where you sit on said spectrum. It's not just being quirky or slightly awkward, it's also difficulty processing and expressing emotion, the sensory issues, and some people may even be nonverbal until rather late. I just explained how it affects me, it could be totally different to the next commenter :)   
Come to Europe, where I had better days is an acceptable answer 
Just say "nothing much". Most people will take that.  
I thought it was like a coder's term of endearment.  Like:  I'm with you sweetie.    I'm with you, bacon.  I think I'm going to do this now. 
I think they have many symptoms in common. I don't have ASD, but I do have social anxiety, and I scored 153 out of 180 on a Asperger's test (an online one though, you can take it on the Aspie subreddit) 
That and you have time to think through what you want to say. Or at least that's the case with me as an aspie. It's not weird on the internet if it takes 2-3 minutes to respond to a tweet or comment, but it's definitely weird if you do that in real life. 
Yeah, I'm just upvoting and nodding. I wish I could explain that well how I felt 
It is also easier to run through something you've written and revise it after a minute or two. Ask someone a question in person and you expect a predictable kind of answer within 2 seconds, and there's no room for proofreading. 
It's more accurate sure but most people don't understand computer scripts either... 
Reading this thread, I'm starting to wonder if I'm autistic. 
That's interesting. I used to feel like that, but to a much lesser degree. I'm not autistic, just was a very nervous kid. I'd get very nervous about something I had to do later in the day or week and totally work myself up about it so I felt stressed and miserable. As I got older I just managed to be more in tune with my feelings and when I felt that way I'd be able to stop and think, wait, why do I feel this way? Some stresses I eventually just cut out of my life and others I learned weren't as bad as I thought. Hang in there, hopefully it'll get better.  
A lot has changed in 15 years with therapy, I am 28. Therapy now is much different to when I was younger. Even just 10 years ago. Much has changed. I wish you many smiles and happy thinking. Just if you want to change, there maybe a way you can get help and not have to do it alone. 
Just remember that no matter what the doctor tells you, you're the same person you've always been - you just may have a name to some of your behaviors.  
I do the opposite. I often point out mistakes because I think I would want to know and therefore think it's courteous. I do this without personal judgment---we all make mistakes all the time---but my criticism is usually taken as judgment, especially because I lack appropriate facial expression/recognition. I used to do this more often and have learned to tone it down. Nonetheless, it still comes up several times a week --- very small things I say without any ill will and people take them as insults. I have to be constantly vigilant.  On the flipside, I'm good (or I think I'm good) at receiving critical feedback. I'm a perfectionist, but I rarely if ever take people's comments personally; the feedback is just data, and my assumption is that we're both (say a supervisor and I) aiming for my improvement. I always appreciate direct, clear communication.  
Wow, I had never heard of hyperempathy before. My son is autistic and can't watch movies because he gets too stressed and upset whenever something bad happens. We can't watch Peppa Pig because her brother George cries a lot and it drives him crazy.  
I can't watch sports personally because they show the sad people who lost. It hits me too hard. My friends think it's too funny how I can't enjoy my team's win because someone else got hurt because of it. 
This is exactly it. Former employee was on the spectrum. As soon as he was aware that everyone else lacked the context that existed in his head, workplace interactions smoothed over dramatically.  
My thing is complicated by CSA and three rapes and the resulting ptsd. I'm getting treatment and hopefully will become desensitised enough to finally take my dog out for walks. That's my only goal so far. I'm still too scared to think about interacting with humans face to face. Even this reddit thing is giving me heart palpitations so I'm probably going to stop fairly soon. Thank you for the happy thinking :) 
I wish we could nominate you to mod an autism related subreddit. I wish I could pay you to help me better understand my kids and be a better mom. 
I'm not sure if it's true, but I've heard that the sound of a crying/screaming baby hits on a primal instinct in humans.  I've got 4 kids (1 who's Autistic, actually, which caused me to read this thread) and when they were babies, the sound of what I'd consider maximum crying intensity was unbearable.  It was panic inducing, like that panic you feel when you're about to vomit - you feel absolutely compelled to fix it immediately.  But sometimes, you can't get a baby to stop crying (or at least not quickly) so you just have to live with the panic knowing you can't fix it.  So my thought is that maybe the feeling we all get from a crying baby is similar to how you may feel from other sounds. 
I haven't been diagnosed with autism but I absolutely understand the hand flapping. I do it when I'm really happy or excited; it's like the happiness is electricity and I have to channel it through my hands to process it properly.  
Thank you for that, I'm going to remember this and use it for the future! :) 
You seem like an incredibly nice and genuine person. It's amazing to me that you are so positive. I am going to be more positive today and try to pass along the happy smiles and happy thinking! 
I think he's trying to say that you're a strong fighter & You should be proud of yourself.  I agree with him :) 
He's expressing what I think we're all feeling. Your writing has a way of bringing a very personal feel to a problem that seems very distant to us. For me, it's very interesting to hear something that I can't comprehend described in a way that lets me understand it, especially since I majored in psychology.   It's like learning about astrophysics, eventually you read an explanation that just makes sense to you. Thank you for giving that explanation.  You genuinely seem like a caring person. I'm sorry society stigmatizes mental illness so much. No one should ever be afraid of you or nervous around you.  
In my first semester I took a creative writing class because I enjoy writing fiction. Early in the class, the professor gave us a bunch of weird, modernist poetry and told us to interpret it. Since the class was open to all majors, there were a lot of STEM folks in there who were completely confused by the text. The professor then said, "That's okay. There's a trick to decoding these," and described what I did above, along with more about that "how soon or late the word appears" part. I took another literature class the next semester and noticed that the top-scoring example essay in the syllabus did pretty much the same thing, even though the passage was from a famous letter instead of a poem. From that point on I applied it to every form of writing they gave me, and the feedback stayed positive. 
I had a hard time at first, but the older I get, the easier it is to just tell people.  I made a new friend recently who just totally gets it and I feel comfortable saying to her "I struggle to accept compliments, but what you've just said is very nice and I appreciate it, but am also uncomfortable now." AND SHE JUST DROPS IT!   Or she asks me if I've read a thing and I tell her "my tastes are very specific and I only know three people who have never let me down.  I get resentful of wasting my time on things I don't enjoy, and sometimes that bleeds over to the person who recommended it, even if I wish it wouldn't." And she thanked me (sincerely) for bluntly explaining to her and no longer does it.  She will answer if I ask her opinion, but has not volunteered again.  It is so refreshing to have someone that isn't on the spectrum grasp how to effectively be my friend without making me feel like it's work.  
I call it information saturation. Eventually you reach a point that you have the majority of the functional and required information about a given topic. As there is nothing really new or enticing to learn the obsession fades into another topic until its saturation point. Rinse and repeat.   The reason I find for not regaining interest is the same effect as when you sit down and read an entire book series. You can be completely enthralled and finish the series quickly. But when the next book comes out the rush to read it is not like it was when you read the second/third books.  
It's an acceptable answer everywhere.  Lots of folks just don't want to dive any deeper. 
I'm coming up on 40 years old in a few months.  I feel like I have learned enough of those things, that I can now pass for completely normal.  I've got a wife, I got a place, I keep my bills paid, I haven't had to move in over 4 years which is a new record for me.  At worst, people think of me as an under achiever.  Nobody has any ideas.  It can be done, but it does take time.  A lot of time.  
I don't know if this is common for aspies, but I definitely am someone who can be incredibly articulate and intelligent if given time to form a statement. In public social situations I usually just say what comes to mind, because in the time it would take to formulate an articulate statement the conversation has already moved on. On the internet or through text I have time to think about these things  
I mean I think they get the basic if this then this. If they don't you could say "logic trees" 
Autism is a spectrum disorder. It's very likely many people have one or more symptoms but would still not cross the threshold for diagnosis. 
I find that if I take care of things right away I have no stress and accept things the way they are. Most of the time I procrastinate and the anxiety just builds and builds. Then when I deal with it, it wasn't a big deal at all. I take a simple issue and blow it up into a potentially life changing event, it will keep me awake for days or weeks. I've never been diagnosed with anything except ADHD. I'm 45 and it's gotten worse with age. I have really good days and days that I think the world is ending. Some days I can be totally confident and have no worries. Other days I fear everything, those days I feel like I'm the only one in the world who sees things like me. It's really disheartening and lonely. I don't know what's wrong with me, I've been to multiple doctors and therapists. I've tried what they recommend and it's hit and miss. All I know it's a very stressful way to live. 
Thank you so much, I wish you many good times as well  
Somehow this is really comforting. Thank you so much :) 
Where it gets real fun is that Introversion/extroversion aren't binary. I'm a natural introvert with an extroverted personality so hanging out with friends is a lot like hiking up a mountain; it's fun but when it's over I am *spent.* 
You might try to soften your criticism with "I don't mean to be critical but I noticed..." and end it with "... I just thought you'd like to know."  Even give a compliment after like "And I really appreciate that you..."  
I share the majority of these symptoms (hyperempathy, fear of doing something wrong, "outlandish" social behavior, etc.) and have been diagnosed with a personality and stress disorder. I would definitely seek help if it's something that really affects your daily life. 
George drives me crazy, too! Im glad my kids are out of that phase. 
I have to say I'm so glad I don't have to shop for my groceries like that. I hate going to the supermarket enough without having it full of people shouting and arguing over every price.   I'd pay double (probably do!) to avoid all that hecticness. 
Asymmetrical perspective is the corner stone of the human condition. 
Just wanted add a little something to this. My kids are like this but are not autistic. They assume because all their friends know all the memes, then everyone must know the meme and the meaning behind that meme.   Reddit is like that too. 
Thank you, thank you for existing. Please know that everything you do, did and will do with your friend, makes ALL the difference for him or her. And I just wanted to tell you to please rock on. You are forever in my heart and thoughts.  
I did not like change when younger! It would have been impossible so many things I do now. Small steps! 
Sometimes people just like to touch everything really cool. You know when I was younger I was told, never swear. Swearing is bad. So I have only said two curse words in my life. So seeing someone able to curse like you just did, in my head your like a super rough good guy in a movie, like John Mcclain from Die Hard :) ! Keep being awesome! 
I am unsure what CSA means but I am sorry for these things happening to you. But it sounds like things maybe not related to just having autism but by things that autism has made worse that have happened to you.  I think you are brave and strong. If reddit is making you uneasy it is okay to not use reddit. :) 
:) I ma a moderator of /r/lego I like that. I gave some communications in real life before on autism. I hope you can be the best mom you wish to be and that you feel you are doing a good job. Trying to understand your children is the first step to being a kind parent! 
The happiness is trying to come out from inside :) That what I say. 
:) Thank you kindly for putting value in my words, they would just be words if you didn't like them. Now they are liked words :) Its an upgrade like in a video game. 
Lots of happy thinking and happy smiles for you to pass from me to you! Happy thinking smiley day sounds like a nice day. 
:) Thank you kindly. I am not sure if a strong fighter. But I try to be brave. 
Yes, difficult. But! Also joy.       I was sick recently. My 8 year old friend and her mother took me to the doctor. Afterwards when back at my home, she put a blanket on me and kissed my cheek to help me get better faster. I think that was a joy, even though being sick was hard.   It is like that, there are some bad things and then good things and so not all of it is hard, just some. Like dressing I need help to do, but patting my cat I can do myself. Typing on the computer I can do, but tidying my house is hard because I am unsure what is useful and what goes where. A mix. 
Thank you, I am glad you found my writing very useful. Many happy smiles to you too!! 
Check out r/aspergirls! The symptoms of HFA/Asperger's syndrome are pretty different in women, I was surprised to see just how different. 
yea I don't know where people get "great" being the only acceptable answer. I hear "tired" like 3 times as much 
But you are surely better than in  another 40 years!  
Congratulations. I am nearly the same age and in a similar position. Everything is so much easier now that I've learned how to cope with my limitations. To the outsider it looks like underachieving, but every day of peace and happiness is an achievement for me. 
I want to think I treat everyone with dignity, patience, and respect. But apparently I don't sometimes. What do people do that make you feel that way? 
My husband gets soooo annoyed with my son because he has a hard time differentiating attitude and autism.  One time he told my son to "wipe the table".  So my kid took a towel and did one swipe right down the middle.  Hubby couldn't understand that he LITERALLY did what was asked.    Aspie kids benefit from having everything explained in detail the first few times out. 
I'm on the spectrum too and I agree wholeheartedly, communicating through text is FAR superior to actually speaking with someone. 
And now we've literally got a bunch of autists sitting around breaking down the options of how to address this specific hypothetical social situation.  Been there many times myself, friends. 
Possible. Here's why I'm wondering about myself:  I have SEVERE social anxiety, especially at work. I can barely mumble out two words to co-workers. It's 100x worse around my supervisor.  I am CONSTANTLY evaluating and reevaluating social interactions in my head.  If I know a social interaction is coming (even a small two sentence exchange), my anxiety shoots through the roof, and I play out every conversational possibility in my head.  I am constantly afraid that I will be reprimanded or even terminated at work. To be clear, I work at a good place, moving up, and turning in high quality product. I have zero reason to feel this way.  I am very detached from my emotions, and they tend to hit me after the fact, if they do at all.  I am very closed off, even with significant other(s).  If I'm around a lot of people, I feel the need to get out and get out now. This doesn't happen all the time, but it does happen fairly regularly. 
Interesting. I was listening to NPR last night and they were talking about Autism. One of the thoughts was that the brain is essentially processing too many signals at once. I found it fascinating to listen to. If you're curious: Radio lab is the show.   This thread has been quite enlightened to read. Thanks!  
You're welcome! I had a long time when I would say things like "I'm focused because I'm autistic" or "I'm smart because I'm autistic" and eventually I switched to "I'm focused because I'm train-of-thot" and that made all the difference in both allowing myself to feel great about my good qualities and taking responsibility for the rough edges. 
Holy shit, you can be a mix of both?  This just answered a lot of confusion I tend to have about my inconsistency in my dealings with people. 
As an introvert I'm completely fine talking to strangers if there is an external non-personal purpose in the interaction. Serving tables implies one.  I'm 26 and as I grew older I learned to make small talk/talk to people when there is no inherent purpose, but it's never enjoyable and drains mental energy. 
I relate to this.. if I see someone in a public setting, I don't want the conversation to last more than a few sentences of small talk. I'm always looking for a way to hint to the person that I want them to leave.. 
The ol' shit sandwich! Compliment-Critique-Compliment  
Who do you see though? I honestly feel the same way. I experience a lot of the same issues and get some pretty severe social anxiety at times. So much that I can't think about anything else when it's on my mind. 
I feel like because of this, the average Westerner is TERRIBLE at negotiation. Like, if you were from Asia, Africa, the Middle East or Latin America, difficult negotiations are just a part of life.   My friend from Kenya managed to get a Sony store employee to sell him the DISPLAY TELEVISION THEY USED IN THE STORE for 50% the asking price. It was dope. 
Heck even my non autistic brain does this.  Wife: I had to get gas on the way home, boy it's expensive  Me thinking 'gas is expensive, what if it was really farts that were expensive, and you had to get charged for them... hmm, government would probably tax farts too, such greedy assholes  Me out loud: governments shouldn't tax farts!!! 
it got a lot better already luckily :) And I also learned to recognize when I am opposed to something just because it's different and my autism has difficulty handling it, I manage to take a step back and re evaluate. 
Touching cool stuff is cool be it a wall, a leaf, a strangers awesome hair (ok maybe not this last one) totally with you on that.  Only two?! That's commendable, no idea how you managed. I'm a tiny mid-20's woman with the mouth of a sailor, it's fun and apparently makes me sound like John Mcclain, which is fantastic.     Yes I will and you keep being your damn awesome self too, you brave, unusual soup. 
child sexual assault.   Autism is definitely complicating the PTSD and its treatment, and as I'm a female with autism that means there's less knowledge/awareness of how it manifests vs how it typically does with males.  
Hi u/UnusualSoup! I was so excited to see you out in the Wilds of Reddit!!  
Oh my god, I've been reading your messages now, and this one made me laugh and cry at the same time. I never made that connection before!  
Please know that all of the upvotes are each a person who is sitting somewhere appreciating you.    The rest of the day may be difficult and problems may develop, but just as sure as all of this, know that a lot of people out there approve of you.    Keep this knowledge somewhere safe within yourself and check in on it regularly. 
I'm not autistic and I don't know what's useful and what's not when cleaning house. Haha!   But in all seriousness, that's a reallwy great perspective to have. Finding joy in the everyday things.  
........................................That is correct 
Congratulations from someone who gets it.  Lord knows those are few and far between.   
Because autism is invisible I'm expected to have the same social prowess of everyone else. Breaking down this wall would go a long way to supporting autists and inducting them into normal society.  
Hahahaha. I wish I could meet you all IRL so we could have hours of these pointless arguments. I love it but no one else will entertain it 
100% sounds like social anxiety not autism. I think you're good. Minus the crippling social anxiety of course :/  One thing I found helpful in dealing with mine is to actually force myself into situations where I have to speak to people. Socialisation needs to be practised.   
It, like many things, is a spectrum. Nobody is a pure introvert / extrovert amd you can easily borrow traits from both steriotypes.  The main effect of introvert vs extrovert is if social interaction drains your energy or if you get tired of being alone. Both things happen to near everyone just in different amounts.  I love being around people: am a good public speaker, like social activities and generally am ok with people. But if I am not careful too much interaction leaves me tired, get a headache, become irritated with everything without reason and just want to be at home playing Civ or whatnot.  
Thank you. I'm so tired of people using the "introvert" label to explain away their shitty behavior.   I read a thread in here a few months back about this guy getting all pissed off because his sister's fiance kept trying to hang out with him and he didn't want to. Eventually the guy lost his shit and told the guy to fuck off because he was "an introvert, wtf did they expect?" And then was the giant circle jerk until introvert might as well have meant "someone who might be self-centered, irrational, egotistical, narcissistic, selfish, arrogant, rude, socially awkward, quiet, shy, timid, autistic, have aspergers, have PTSD, or anxiety, or any combination of the above. Oh, and they also like to stay at home."  Being an introvert is not an excuse to be a jerk to people. If you're a jerk to people and like to stay home reading then you're an introverted jerk. They're not related.  
Had a boss once that was the absolute master of the shit sandwich.   He could get his point across - criticism - while still allowing you to feel good about yourself.   
As someone who has the same kind of problem and tried this way of handling it... It only made things worse lol  The thing is starting with something like "I don't mean to be critical ..." was usualy just enough to upset them, no matter what was following...  Now I'm not from the US and there's quite a lot of differences in culture and communication from here I guess. 
That's pretty much my dads go to. I don't think he's ever bought a "big" electronic that wasn't a display model. He's worked in sales for about 35 years though so stuff like that is just second nature.  
I would not say several at once, maybe one or two at a time before moving onto more things. Yes your adventures I hope are full of smiles too. I am glad you are so kind to your friend, it is a very good thing. 
I have a published children's book :) I love to write. 
I am a girl :) I do not know if I manage it, but more, others help me manage. When the support is in place lots can happen. I hope this makes sense. Like before I could talk people had to guess my needs. With therapy and support and care I became able to talk. With talking I was able to express my needs, then they were able to take that further and help me better myself more. Independence as much as possible is the goal for anyone with any disability. 
I write poetry, stories, mostly for Children, sometimes just what I am feeling or finding hard. I have one published childrens book available on Amazon. 
That is wonderful and you are very amazing for working that out! I hope you make many more steps in the future forever! 
:) Thank you for kind words, You keep being awesome action hero too! 
I am also a female with Autism. There is not less knowledge or awareness always, it depends on the people who are trying to support you and what experience they have. 
Glad to know I'm not alone. That is a beautiful statement. 
I patted her for you. She likes rubbing her head on things. So I also let her rub her head on my hand for you too! 
Thanks for kind words! I am just glad that they are helpful.  
Today when I visited my neighbour, she has an 11 month old baby. She was feeding her. She let me with my shaky and unsteady hands, feed the baby a spoonful of food. The baby smiles at me. It was the best part of my day.       Funny too, sometimes the worst part of my days have nothing to do with the things that make me life hard like autism and that. Instead today the worst part of my day was going to the store to look at new televisions as mine broke and I am sad as it was my company in the quiet. And finding out they are so expensive and I cannot afford a whole new television I can only pay for 3/4 of a television.     So I guess maybe sometimes some of the hard things seem not as big as some of the other things that come. 
I've seen comments, know i had a good reply, and still waited ~30 min To think it over..... 
It sounds insulting, but I mean it in an endearing way when I say that this reminds me of when you set off a few Siris to talk to each other. 
This. I get social anxiety and I look like a weirdo(when talking, been told I'm physically attractive). What I started to do was forcing myself to be more talkative in class, whether if it's around my classmates or I started asking more questions to the professor so the spotlight is on me-forcing myself to continue being coherent with the professor and to learn to be confident in my own voice.  That and I'm 27 at a community college. So maybe I'm giving less fucks? 
I guess in the context of electronics, sure. But in general, prices, in most retail settings, are non-negotiable in North America. Whether you're buying TVs or bananas or Hanes underwear, typically you just pay the asking price. If you don't like the price, you don't buy it.  From what I understand, the way it is in Nairobi, EVERYTHING is negotiable. I guess, considering most of the world has haggling as an aspect of daily life, we're the weird ones in North America. 
4chan is very high functioning when they want to be. 4chan needs to be challenged though, else it sits there in the dark jerking itself off.   At least when we jerk off the lights are on and we have some decent materiel to fap to.  
I'm loving all this information. Have you thought about doing an AMA? 
I've always been curious when I see someone able to type so well but had/has difficulties with speaking - would you mind elaborating on your experience with the two? Were you fine with writing/typing even at the time when you could not speak? Or did both abilities kind of evolve together?  
That is great!!  And by the way, I've noticed many comments are about lego...So why do you like them so much? :) 
You're awesome! It's really made my day reading your comments, you seem lovely. I've really liked learning about you! Good luck with your adventures and your writing! Feel free to message me if you ever want another friend!! :)  
When you wrote that your arms went everywhere and you giggled, it was a perfect description of experiencing joy.  I think almost everyone who read that ended up smiling, because for a moment they could feel a little how you felt. 
Thanks, I'm glad! Sometimes I watch my grandmothers cat for her, his name is Mio. He also likes rubbing his head on things. He is very skittish and afraid of new people, but if you're gentle and give him time he really warms up to you. We also have a cat in our house whose name is Panter, the Norwegian word for panther. He is more feral and only allows you to pet him if he comes to you - if you reach out to him, he will avoid your hand. He's a bit of a jerk, but when he feels like it he's very cuddly as well :) 
Do you have a PayPal account? I would like to contribute to your TV fund. If you or your parents or someone who helps you has a post office box I could send it to you that way.  
I type out comments and then delete them before they're ever posted you're lucky I had the courage for this one Now if you'll excuse me I'm going back into the corner. 
27 at a community college....thank you for your service. I'm 22 and the thought of being around 18 year olds scares the fuck out of me  
They both evolve together. Starting with PECS and other kinds of communication. I really like words. Now I can talk. I still use PECS as well as AAC with ipad and type/write. My abilities to get thoughts exactly right with writing is nice. With talking, It can take a few mistakes. Though sometimes I miss small words as I think in pictures. "The" "and" "but" because those are not significant in my brain. Yesterday I sent a text to someone it said "I had the longest ever" and I meant longest nap. but my brain skipped over nap because in my head I was still laying in bed and so my brain jumped that word. Its very strange and I do not understand it. 
Not OP, but a person who has worked with many children with Autism for over 15 years, plus has a brother with Autism.   What kind of AAC does she use? Typing only, or does she use a picture/ symbol based one as well? There are a lot of different systems and devices that use pictures/ symbols that might be easier for her. You can get programs for iPads too, which might be more accessible/ affordable. I haven't worked with speech paths for several years now so I don't know any current ones to suggest, but there are many out there.   For a lot of people with autism, they think in pictures, like OP said, and this method of communicating may be easier. It doesn't limit her to basic requests or really simple sentences, but can be used to put together fairly complex thoughts. Your daughter may find something like that easier than typing. Best of luck to both of you.  
Lego can fit into whatever I like. If I like castles. Lego castle. If I like westerns, Lego Westerns. If I want to see what it would be like to have cowboys fly a spaceship. I can have cowboys fly a spaceship. I began using lego as play therapy. It was the best thing I ever did.      I like building even if its hard and slow, even if it takes time with my coordination problems. I like that I can do it and I like that I can decide what there is. I like playing stories and seeing my stories is more fun than just imagining them. Lego also helped me with communicating with others.    I am a moderator of /r/lego and its one of the most wonderful communities there is. When my computer broke some years ago. People there helped fundraise a new one for me. I care about many of them very much and I care about the sub.       So Lego helped in many ways, it fits into my likes in many ways and it gave me friends. 
You have wonderful adventures too! And you find lots of smiles ! :)! 
Good, everyone should be happy! I like that feeling. 
I second this. I was diagnosed as being on the Autistic spectrum when I was young and although I live a full life on my own,  I feel like I know a tiny bit of that battle and would like to help.  
Yes! And they let you stare at them and never get angry about it! 
It's really not that bad. Most of the younger crowd like to stick with each other and they just assume I'm an old fart(I look older than my age). It's when they start talking to me that they find out I have a lot in common with the majority(not out of touch with trends and up to date news).  It's also a bonus that professors tend to respect older students and I usually find myself in being a group leader position for group assignments since they tend to think I know what I'm doing (faking it 'till I make it).  
Maybe you'd be surprised to hear this, but this is pretty normal. Most people have done it.   On Reddit, the proper response to it is, "I think you out a word." 
Something interesting to me is the self awareness, or introspection I guess?   What I mean is, she said in an earlier post that she flaps her arms when she gets excited. I can see that as something an autistic person might do, but I didn't know that they would recognize that it's abnormal or feel ashamed that they do it.   As fascinating as this is, I also feel like I might cry any minute reading her posts, for some reason. Maybe I'm the same thing as these people, but nobody ever thought to tell me? 
Aw what the redditors on that sub is so cute!  Thank you very much for answering my questions & Giving me a better understanding of autism....Thank you! 
UnusualSoup you sound like a really cool person I hope we meet oneday! 
Oh I understand now, I thought you meant to say it wasn't the case. The doctor that does the home visits seems knowledgeable but my support worker isn't. They know more about the anxiety. They want me to get better enough to leave the house and then attend some meetings of kind with other autistic people, but did say it was all men so I don't think I want to, because they frighten me. My support worker once mentioned she thought about it and if more autistic females were properly diagnosed then it would be easier for me to find all female groups to go to.  
When my daughter was young, I modeled behavior for her;  movietime was one.  She learned to laugh when I did and I would explain concepts that I thought were confusing her.  Now, she's the one explaining plots to me when I become confused, and I laugh when she does.  It's ironic the role reversal, but she's becoming my teacher.   I suspect you are something of a teacher now.  Thank you for your words here.  It's a wonderful opportunity for people to see past labels. 
Except it would be raspberried by the bike seat.   "ppppppppffffffffFFFFFFFFTTTTTTtttttttrr" 
It's already really weird to watch a live recording of the beatles. Why go to a fucking concert if all you're gonna do is shriek?  
Here's the catch, in this world when a man gets aroused his dick begins singing, "Hello my baby, hello my honey, hello my ragtime gal." 
What on earth are you doing at your local library? 
There's an alternative universe where this happens. There's a Reddit thread in that universe asking how life would change if vaginas bled every month. It's heavily downvoted and everyone thinks the guy who posted it is really weird.  
Let's get down to business!   To defeat the Huns   Did they send me whistlers, when I asked for sons?  
Alright ladies hit the showers.     *Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeee^eeeee^eeeeee 
Oh joy. Thousands of screaming 13 year old girls with whistling pussies.  
#JUST BECAUSE IT'S TEA TIME DOESN'T MEAN IT'S D TIME.  
I don't think he would question it, he'd just automatically assume he's dropping panties. And everyone else would be telling him "grow up, it's just your tinnitus."   
Try whistling with your lips together.  It would sound like the campfire scene in Blazing Saddles  
Nah, tea pots were clearly invented after the human vagina had been around for a while, so Britain would be the most disgusting and vile country there is when it comes to hardcore perversion. Like, Amsterdam and Bangkok rolled into one, dipped into 4chan's furry board and neatly wrapped into the used underpants of a Japanese schoolgirl, and that in country form.  Why else would an entire nation get together, at a designated time, every day, regardless of age, to listen to some contraption make sounds like an aroused woman and then all share into the often yellowish liquid it producers?  Like, c'mon, Britain.  We're all ashamed and disgusted over here. 
Even worse would be calling her while you're at work and just hear intense whistling in the backround.  
Or maybe a slide whistle sound and then when he goes flaccid again, it's a slide whistle going down 
English women would have it made.  Just like men blame farts on the dog women could blame their audible arousals on the kettle. 
Even the Beatles was pissed off in the end because they could not even hear themselves play. 
Medical school would be a lot different! Gynecologists would have to do their major at a conservatorium! 
Man: Doctor, my dick sings when I get a boner!  Doc: Prove it.  Dick: ribbit 
"The kettle isn't on, dear"  "Then wha- *oh my fucking god mom*" 
"WHY DO YOU WHISTLE EVERYTIME YOU SEE THE MAILMAN??" 
Ew. This just made me realize the tonality of the whistle would probably change with age too. 
My sexiness is like a germ. If you get to close to it, it will affect you. 
They think he's a misogynist who wants to see women suffer.  
So they can play major chords with their vaginas? Can they get together and form a band using nothing but their lady bits? What would their band name be called? 
The infamous and gross "like a hotdog down a hallway" would change to "like a barge in the fog." 
I would just carry a whistle around at all times, hiding in the shadows next to a busy street, blowing it at random times during the day 
Imagine the sound of 600 slide-whistle orchestras all competing to play *Flight of the Bumblebee* at 350BPM. 
Huh. This thread is quite funny, but if we were seriously discussing this, then there would be substantial impacts from women being unable (or a lot less able) to fake arousal. I imagine strip clubs, to use your example, would be a lot less entertaining if you knew the performers weren't actually into it. 
I could legitimately imagine this as a Anti-Rape poster in this alternate world. 
Don't get me wrong, I'm a straight dude, and can say without apprehension "yea that (insert movie star dudes name) is a pretty damn good looking guy", but Channing Tatum is one goofy looking fucker. Describing him as a tater tot is pretty close actually. I don't get the appeal either.   
Agreed that I just focused on Western culture, and very specifically American history (which is my specialty). I can't really state what would happen elsewhere.  However I'd be curious to hear what culture you think whistling vaginas would lead to advanced technology?  ((we're all in way too deep but if we pretend it's normal maybe no one will judge us)) 
Yeah, I find it interesting to think about how primal tribes would have reacted. Like maybe women would have initially evolved it accidentally, but then the sound attracted more men, ensuring the gene was passed down. So initially it would be something that would probably be celebrated and admired, and the could be that the louder the whistle, the more dominant the woman. 
You're welcome! Everyone said go for STEM, but now we see the true power of a history and social science education. 
This could be! Never underestimate the power of sexual attraction as a driving force. But considering how woman's sexuality has been controlled historically I went with my version. I certainly like your version better, but am wary of putting my faith into it knowing how human societies like to punish those they deem as having deviant sexual behavior.  One thing's for sure, if your version is correct, steam powered sexbots would be made quite rapidly compared to other automaton. 
But most English people have electric kettles that don't whistle when boiled. 
They basically didn't do live shows for the second half of their career. 
Maybe they love the sound of teenage girls screaming 
You could tell they were annoyed by it on stage too 
Not sure if it'll help, but an overtone is a musical note that is part of a harmonic series above the fundamental note (the note that is being played) and can be heard with the fundamental note simultaneously. A tritone is another name for an augmented 4th interval. Generally, this tone is dissonant (unpleasant) and sounds wrong/bad to the ear 
*walks off in disgust*  *slips*  *breaks arms*  "Shit." 
Flex the muscles in your legs continuously for about a minute. Your blood flow will be redirected from your penis to your legs. 
HA!  Several years ago before the bar exam some students decided to, er, blow off some steam one evening in the law library where I work.  They left the used condom in the trash can.  These are grown folks with apartments.  Go home to do that or ask for a Clorox wipe to clean off the table when you're done. 
"Sounds like a thousand screaming harpies back there... " 
Oh I can guarantee people would make something out of it. Not sure it would necessarily be art, though... 
It's ok, sometimes she does laugh because we fall out of bed or the cat is meowing at the door like his tail is on fire, or I steal her underwear and try to make off with them. It's a great thing when you don't have to be so serious all the time. Someday, the kids will finally decode all the stealth grown-up stuff that goes on in this house and they're going to be sooooo mortified. 
You could really confuse some people by blowing that whistle in a room full of dudes 
Mostly, if a culture celebrated whistling vaginas they wouldn't have any fear or hangups regarding the noises that steam engines make and thus, would be willing to work with steam power and make all the technological advancements that only really happened because they were built off steam-powered things.  
Americans actually still use whistling kettles? How quaint. 
Hilarity aside, the flaw in this logic is that these women must be aroused to do so.  So either feminism, or rebellion, gets them off - or they're basically a rolling orgy to keep it whistlin'. 
Yeah, and they mentioned that the reason was the screaming women. 
Damn, I should have paid more attention in sex ed.  
Something something...    ...   ...   ...   ...   ...    EVERY...FUCKING THREAD! 
This changed my life the first time I heard about it, straight up kills your boner in 30-60 seconds flat. If someone is asking you to stand up you can almost always stall for 30 seconds. 
Or just lump it in with the guy editing the videos 
And here I'm just thinking this sounds like a great way to get laid... 
It sounds like your marriage has way more sex than sitcoms have lead me to believe is usual.  
What if they're 13? Or on library wifi on a library computer? 
Gonads and strife,   Gonads and strife,   Gonads and strife. 
I think a rolling orgy protest sounds good for all involved  
Screaming and, their later music was too hard to recreate live- a big point. 
This interval wasn't even allowed in any music played in the catholic church during the middle ages, they thought that it literally was the sound of the Devil. 
"SIR, I SAID STEP OUT OF THE VEHICLE RIGHT NOW"  Almost there..... Hold on just a few more seconds, officer! 
Alternatively you could just hoist it around your neck. Like a cute scarf 
Additionally if you blow to hard into a vagina you risk that the airflow goes around the bend to the anus and blows out fecal matter. 
People need to learn it's only a penis you blow air into. It's called a *blow* job for a reason 
Bounced on my boy's vuvuzela to that show for years and years before I looked down and realized it was Nelson Mandela, fresh out of prison and ready to die in 1991 
He's not. I creeped his profile. Lives in Vancouver,does marketing or computers. Rooms with a doctor who doesn't understand fish. 
GONADS... IN THE LIGHTNING! IN THE LIGHTNING!  Oh boy I watched that recently and I have no idea why I thought it was so funny.  
Yeah wtf is that sub. One post is CP and the rest are warning you about the link... 
The Whistle Pornographic Universe is going to start a porn revolution. 
"Rolling Orgy Protest" makes for a great band name though. 
The more complicated music was because they couldn't play live.    P.a systems were not loud enough and didn't really exist back then.   Their back line was very quiet and the lack of a proper monitoring system meant it became impossible to hear themselves in the venues they had to play.   Of course women screaming added even more annoyance. The Beatles were great musicians not just something to scream over.   They decided not to tour again and because of that most of the time was then spent in the studio.   Having an endless recording budget and studio time allowed them to experiment more.   George playing the sitar, John learning piano and experimenting with double tracked vocals, Paul playing everyone else's instrument and ringo leaving the band and then coming back to sit and drink tea in the corner.   Thank fuck for the screaming girls.  
You just got tazed. Who's to say what muscles are now contracting... 
Now I have the version of Do Your Ears Hang Low with dicks stuck in my head. 
They dragged Nelson Mandela off to a FEMA camp in the 90s and managed to cover it up, and they'll do the same to you, except people wont remember your sorry ass at all.   They've got eyes and ears everywhere, chem-trails are real, but what you've got to be more worried about is the cum-trails the New World Order will leave through your flat after they've fucked you a new asshole.   Open your eyes people, and vote Jill Stein 2016.  AND POST! 
How does one not understand fish?  Better question, what isn't there to understand?  Actually I don't know, but that statement makes me hmm. 
I want to sit in the corner drinking tea and listen to you talk about music. 
They tried it, but two of them died because they used George RR Martin 
No, no, that's the taint. The Chuckle is that movie about the red headed killer ventriloquy doll.  
Do your balls hang low? Do they wobble to and fro?  Do they slap you in the -ss when you  f-ck a dirty ho?  Do they drag along the ground, do they make a clapping sound?  Do your balls hang low?  &nbsp;  Does your dick stand high? Does it point up to the sky?  When you hug your dear old mum, does it poke her in the eye?  Does it stick out of your pants, can you use it as a lance?  Does you dick stand high? 
Well their butthole and their peehole are the same hole so that's pretty weird for starters  
If you ever watch any Beatles interviews. You'll hear them talking about "drinking tea" a lot.   This was a euphemism for drugs.  
I'm not so sure - they all loved and were founded on rock 'n' roll, and heavy touring schedules would have kept them on booze and uppers instead of psychedelics.  How about this for a bit of conjecture: The Rolling Stones stuck to the rock and didn't get as experimental as the Beatles because they weren't good looking enough to get their tours ruined with screaming. 
Not to hijack, but the main point being missed here is the Beatles mostly quit touring because large scale streamlined touring infrastructure had not yet been established. Security, safety, transportation, police escorts, not getting mobbed by fans, proper sound mixing and inner ear monitors, all the things modern bands take for granted exist, at least partially, due to the necessity demonstrated by the Beatles' horrendous touring experience.    *Better words 
This is what the future looks like. Dystopian meme-verse where all language has combined into a universal meme language  
The thing is too, is that they were seasoned live performers even before they well selling out Shea Stadium. They used to do a whole bunch of speed and amphetamines and play multiple shows a night in Hamburg.   It's not like they just were bitching about some issues. They also had some huge resources, and due to technological limitations, they couldn't execute the live show they wanted.  So, they went to the studio, and made a tonne of studio technological advancements that changed the face of modern recording, including the unconventional use of Leslie speakers, utterly gaming the fuck out of four tracks, drum micing techniques, sampling of other people's material, DI recording of bass guitars, the invention of the ADT and heaps more.  Lessons.  
So do you mean spitroasting as in over a fire or like strapping on a dildo and going for the peg because it could honestly go either way 
Sounds interesting. Is there a link?  *Edit* I tried to Google and search on Reddit with no luck. Idk if it's true. 
Is that why my husband randomly started peeing in the sink? Goddammit 
Fucking Christ. Reminds me of another story where some guy on a forum supposedly posted a way to make some crystals - that turned out to be highly toxic and hospitalised a few people, with a couple of deaths.  Could just be a myth for all I know, but it's scary. 
I remember last time this was brought up in a similar thread! and he showed up and kept on trying to explain that he was massively misunderstood and that he loved her...it was like he just couldn't listen to anyone saying that was he was doing was scary and that he was obviously sick...it was really disturbing. 
I remember that post so well too because I read a line that was like "The police don't have the thousands of minds working on this like we do." and just thought "I'm not sure that is how things work." then sure enough a day or so later they caught a guy and was harassing his family before any actual proof. 
I think I remember seeing something similar, but a girl planned to go to Europe with her best friend, the mom, and her new boyfriend. Last minute the girls parents decide she can't go, and the girls best friend and mom is never heard from again, although they promised to call as soon as they landed.  
That's total bull though. Guy claimed to have fought at Normandy despite being 13 at the time. My grandfather joined up at 15 and that was a stretch in itself.   There are tons of inconsistencies in this whole story. It just seems like a sophomoric creepypasta type deal.  
I believe the only information they got right was that there was in fact a bombing.  
Similar to this: the guy on 4chan who messed with a handgrenade and flushed it down the toilet. The next day there were news articles about an explosion in someones apartment that originated from the pipework and im pretty sure someone died. Either it was him or the grenade made his way through the pipes and killed his neighbor or something 
20th largest website on earth. Yeah, it has baggage with it. 
Reddit is actually trash.  Every post related to a woman being raped gets two kinds of replies: Doubt and "Men can be raped too!!".  Redditors are trash. 
I remember this. It was in a semi bad area, looked shady from the outside, and the staff refused to talk with the guy investigating. So he decided it was a drug front or something. IIRC it turned out to be a legit day care. 
That sounds like the saddest short story ever written. 
For insurance? Maybe he took two pictures to make sure at least one of them was good? Doesn't seem anything special to me. 
No, they weren't beautiful! The sub said 'cute corpses'!  Seriously though. 
I came here to say the Ask a Rapist thread, that was the most disgusting and deplorable thing I have ever seen here.  
Explanation for others: dude posts a long series of stories about how he discovers his wife cheating on him, turns out it was all fake. 
Id seen that sub before and felt bad for some of them  (Im sure theres some nice ones) but felt like it was just a woe is me, pity party circlejerk.  Visited it after your link and holy fuck.  Some dude whos a frequent poster also openly advocates for raping women and says it isn't a bad thing.  WTF.  
Wasn't it r/sexyabortedfetuses ? I was new to reddit and that was my first time realizing how fucked up this place can get 
Power users are a plague on websites like Reddit and it's a good thing that he's gone. When a guy comments on a subreddit and is getting upvoted to the top no matter what he says, it's not healthy for Reddit.  
My day isn't a day until I talk about a cumbox, or vaginal bacon 
This was a big enough fuck up that it was written into an episode of the HBO show Newsroom.   
And to add the cherry on top, he's a mod on /r/incest now 
Never knew the full story about Victoria. She was literally the only admin *everyone* loved and was absolutely fantastic at her job. 
I naturally assume incest whenever it can go either way,but I think it's about canabalism 
As someone with a severe birth defect that happens to affect my arm this doesn't seem as likely to me as the kid thinking he was born without it but not asking. With my condition (cavernous Lymphangioma - don't google if squeamish) I thought I knew everything there was to know about my arm.  My parents and I never had certain conversations because we all thought I knew everything. Turns out - nope! For example my arm/hand is severely swollen and I thought it had always been like that. Turns out the swelling was a complication from surgery.  I got mad thinking my parents had lied to me but it was my child brain processing and forgetting things.   I obviously don't know the poster what he posted so I'm only speaking of my experience with a similar type of situation.    
Yeah I'm having a good out-loud chuckle at this one.  
Shit. I read and believed that one. It did seem a bit crazy, but I wouldn't put anything past 2016 at this point.                 I don't know why anyone would do that. All it does is piss people off and degrade our trust in others. 
Yeah that was good old 4chan. IIRC the instructions were to soak pennies in a mixture of bleach and acetone, then to blow on them to "speed up the reaction". It creates toxic gas, like mustard gas or chlorine or some shit, and leaning in to blow on the mixture just encourages you to inhale it. At least one person had to go to the hospital over it.  
Yeah and his last post says "Fuck this world" and the one before that pretty much says he's going to kill himself. I wonder if he's okay. 
Sounds like the type of person that thinks 9 women working together can deliver a baby in one month.  
After the Boston Bombing Reddit decided it could help by having thousands of people look through whatever videos/pictures it could in hope of helping the FBI figure out who was responsible. It turns out thousands of people who don't really know what they are doing are not as good as professionals with years of training in a certain area.  Innocent people ended up on the front page of newspapers.  What's worse is the FBI knew who did it very quickly and because of the reddit interference they had to release the names sooner than they would have liked. 
As much of a clusterfuck as that one was I can't help but feel that he gets shit on unecessarily, because everything in that thread made it seem like he was genuinely only told that it was a PR event for Rampart by his agent/people who arranged it to be just that, not counting on the fact that reddit wouldn't play ball. Whoever handles PR fucked up bigtime and it seems to me like he just got caught in the middle. 
I thought it was a microwaved grenade? That might have been a different one though, I don't know. 
One time the lead dev for COD bo2 I think changed it so that it was harder to get trick shots. Then had to get a body guard as people were telling him what his 5 year old son was wearing during the day and harassing him. 
I feel like I only ever see "men get raped / are victims of DV too" when it's in the context of derailing a conversation about women. It makes me sad because I feel like the people who keep bringing that stuff up aren't doing it because they really care about the issues men face, they just want to exploit that suffering to shut down women. 
They drag their feet. Write down names and numbers, call and leave a voicemail to the number that called, then go away. They don't watch out for you, they can't. They act as if they'll find this person today when in reality it could be weeks before they even do. I told them where a person was, they asked the landlord "Does this person live here?" and when they said no, because they didn't know the crackheads living there were sheltering like 4 other people for a few dollars so they could all get high...they dropped it and didn't look into or even watch that place.  
It did. It was ridiculous. They didn't want to talk to him because he was harassing a daycare. 
You don't have the full story.  The kid did not just apologize for not getting views or anything. Someone else (likely from reddit) ripped all of his videos and monetized the videos and reuploaded them. The kid was heartbroken to find someone else stealing all his work, calling it their own, and making money from it. The kid said he was going to take down his channel and stop producing content.  But he didn't, he had a good night to think about it and calm down etc, so he took down the 'bye' video and uploaded an apology video for his behavior. Now he's still making videos I think.  But the real conflict was with him getting views, someone trying to steal those views for dollars, and the kid being reasonably upset by this. 
Exactly, how would someone assume that someone taking photos of their tv, purse or watch have foul intentions.   You are SUPPOSED to hide photos for insurance reason, because if someone comes in and robs you and steals the camera, you now have no photos.  Clearly a robber isn't going to look under a kitchen sink for anything of value.  People try to read too deep into things.  She never posted again, because she probably said; "Honey, why is there a camera under the sink?" "For insurance" "O, ok" 
I believe it's been quarantined and not banned yet 
i'm still angry about one of the guys in there talking about how he had made friends with the cops at his college so that it would help him get away with shit a little easier.  
How did reddit fall for that? He wrote, "she came over for some kisses" and even better " touch his penis, but only a little" lol 
Yeah, a lot of people there are actually fucking crazy. 
No, it's more like cancer. Herpes implies that they are getting laid.  
"if an incel cured cancer nobody would care but instead of curing cancer i spend my whole day playing videogames and bitching on reddit" 
He also had a terrible effect on biologists in /r/AskScience.  None of their answers were respected and if they ever disagreed with something he said elsewhere they were downvoted into oblivion.  People who spent their entire careers studying the exact question posed were harassed for not obeying the cult of Unidan, who was just some random grad student. 
Site wide witch hunt, threats being sent to the wrong families, kid reddit thought was the bomber later found dead in a river. 
"Yes John, our trusted source over at Reddit, /u/BLOODY_ANAL_QUEEF confirmed those early reports. Now back to you Jim, with sports." 
Considering how massive of a fuck up that was, it's still not mentioned enough when people start getting ideas of vigilantism on this site. 
Well, I mean, he has personal experience. I'd imagine that makes him qualified.  
You should naturally assume incest whenever it's on Reddit.  
She just had to prove how stupid and gullible everyone on the Internet is for her "social experiment" and then gloat about it on other subreddits.  She posted in r/TwoXChromosomes for crying out loud, not someplace like r/TIFU. I mean there people are going to give you the benefit of the doubt and try to help you out, instead of trying to prove you wrong; it's meant to be a haven.  
Dead or alive, i think its safe to say he is not ok.  
To be fair, in the movie it's her mother hiding the letters from her, when she actually would have wanted them. 
My dad had a social worker in the 70s who raped him, he was in the Brighton area when it happened. Then over 20 years later the same social worker showed up at my parents flat just after I was born. Needless to say my parents didn't allow the social services anywhere near me. 
This is "specialty" subreddits in a nutshell. It only makes the front page when it's a big event but it happens every day. As a computer repair guy I spend at least as much time on r/techsupport correcting bad advice (no, Windows Defender is not good AV) as I do actually helping people. r/cooking is a bunch of wannabe food snobs regurgitating shit they read on a blog but have no scientific understand of. r/relationships is a bunch of people who have had shitty relationships so think that qualifies them to give advice when the exact opposite is true. 
I thought it was fake?  The verification picture was proven to be fake  
Sadly, I think there may have been two grenade incidents.  
I think it was a gas explosion (water heater leakage) 
It's amazing to see.. people will become absolutely outraged over something but no matter how bad it is, the hype dies off in a day or so.  Unless someone responds. The thing that everyone claims is "all they want" triggers a shitstorm of unrivalled proportion.   And then they bitch that the developers never engaged with the community over contentious issues. 
You are absolutely correct in feeling like that. For the most part on reddit, male rights and advocating for male victims of assault and rape only seems to be brought up as a counter for female victims, rather than as an issue in it's own right. It's disgusting for all parties and degrades victims of all genders. 
Ah yes, the ultimate proof for conspiracy-minded folks.  
I was one of the ones who subbed to that kid. This breaks my heart. What kind of asshole steals videos from a little kid? 
This person's been reading too much Chuck Palahniuk 
Seriously, what do people think happened? This isn't a bad Lifetime movie. 
Yup. /r/jailbait was around until some in the media heard about it and started talking about how reddit has pedos on it. I think it was one of the first times that Reddit was on the national news 
So, uh, what exactly was it? Just pictures of dead girls? 
The PI that had a live feed, etc. overall a pretty fun weekend.  
But like, why would they go there and post there? Everyone knows it as that rapey place, so why would anyone think "oh cool, I'll hang out there and post"? 
Oh man, exactly this. On my previous account I tried to really get out there and science it up on some default subs, and I was insanely down voted on a topic my PhD was in, because Unidan had also responded and said something different. The problem was really the cult surrounding him, I received hate messages when I responded to him gently pointing out that it's a well studied field and the literature is out there. At some point it's like, "dude! You're a grad student in avian sciences? That's awesome but maybe don't respond to every molecular biology post after a quick google. You wouldn't do that in grad school to colleagues, don't do it online." 
Purging a system is what a lot of people did during the fappening. 
Ha, I love it fuck reddit for caring so much about karma 
Who cares about comment karma when you get so much gold! 
I am so incredibly happy that you have overcome this. Well done for turning your life around and I send a million virtual hugs. 
Ya I was on /b/ yesterday and 3 posts in was a video of a guy attempting to rape a woman sun bathing. The guy himself was taping it 
True, but we will never know how he would have acted if he wouldn't have been doxxed. Also to do this over a subreddit is pretty mad for me. 
Based on his submission history, he submitted a post to r/me_irl saying he'd get the top post from the following day tatooed on his ass if he got X upvotes. He got the upvotes, posted the next day to remind everyone that that day's post would go on his ass, then posted the *next* day to call everyone who believed he'd actually do it idiots.  
It makes people question if ANY post is truth. (especially in safe haven subs) 
No shit? Knowing not to mix ammonia and bleach should really be taught in school. 
Agreed. This is the best one I've seen in here so far for the topic. 
It was confirmed by his Twitter account, so it was very likely his agent running the whole thing. 
I think there's been more than 2 grenade incidents. 
The lack of evidence only strengthens their conviction.  
I  feel like I'm one of the few people it still watch his videos regularly. I showed it to my younger brother and me and him watch them together all the time. 
The lemon battery didn't feel strong at all, especially in comparison to the TV outlet, but it still tingled enough that I could get aroused.  And yeah, now I'm aware of how strong electrical outlets are, and I consider myself to be really lucky i didn't get seriously hurt. I didn't do THAT again at any point after the camping trip.  I know that my story is very unusual and I don't blame you or anyone else from thinking I just made it up. I'll be able to give you the closest thing to proof I have in a few days when I go home. At my parents' for Christmas right now and I didn't exactly think it prudent to bring my sex toys. 
Was that before the cringy "Narwhal bacons . . . "? 
Seem to remember he was also having "steak outs" as well! Overall it was like a text based drama series and I was totally hooked  
They literally believe that all women are whores, and owe them sex.  They also say that "because sex is a tool for women and they can have it any time they want, men can't be raped."  The place is filled with the saddest angriest, most delusional type of people 
He gained 70000 karma from all the process   /r/karmacourt ruled him innocent, but I bet it's one of its most controversial / disputed results 
Beyond that, it's easier to stand up against child abuse than it is against the potential for one to arrange your murder at any time. It seems like protesting a hitman website is exactly how you would end up on a hitlist. 
I wonder if they even told him what a Reddit AMA was, or if he just didn't give a fuck and gave the go-ahead for a PR guy to do it. 
Oh great, now you're telling me grenade incidents are on the rise too?  
Conspiracy theorist dies and goes to Heaven. At the gates he meets God and asks:  "God, who shot JRK?"  "Lee Harvey Oswald did." God says.  "Jesus Christ the conspiracy goes even higher up then I thought." 
They put it on the person looking for evidence to show evidence it's NOT true.  That's how their thought process works.  
But the story continues.   While the Mom and Son are living together without the dad (he was the one who moved out), the Mom has to take the Son to the hospital because the Dog bit him... in the crotch area.   Mom realizes the Dad was telling the truth and calls him, he goes and picks up the Dog. Dog is now safe living with the dad.  
We have summoned him!  All power to you. Do what you want, man  . 
It says a lot that the stickied post at the top of the sub, which gives more good advice than the rest of the sub combined, is supposed to be sarcastic 
When you make it good for business for hitmen to kill you, you're gonna have a bad time. 
Last comment he made about it, 203 days ago.  "It was directly related to my wife thinking I was the one who sodomized the dog. We are on decent terms but I feel that she still thinks I did it. She still thinks our son is the golden child. Of Course I love him too, but I know the truth about what he did to Colby. We only speak now when it concerns our son, otherwise we dont talk, which I'm fine with. She also harbors resentment toward the dog, which is beyond me. "  I hope somebody else opens their eyes for that messed up kid and reports him. Needs to be institutionalised. 
Is this why the apps are BaconReader and Narwhal, respectively? 
Really wish someone would have noticed earlier I was on a 14 month drinking binge. I've stopped now though. Just gotta shed the pounds the booze added.  
I'm thinking that my roommate might be super depressed after reading this. I know he wouldn't want me confronting him and telling him if he needed my help, to just ask. Hell, he does need it, and maybe i'll take him to a movie or some shit. Fucker needs to get out of the house. He complained so hard about the pizza place not delivering last night, pasted huge facebook rand on how he was so hungry but couldn't get any food, and I was like, dude, we live 10 min walk from a grocery store. Then he sorta shut down and became unresponsive till he went to bed. haha fuck  
I don't think I've ever have nor ever will relate to a reddit comment so much... and unfortunately it's not a good thing... Damn son 
Or under reacting to everything, big or small. Almost having no reaction to any problem no matter how much it involves them and just fixes it in silence practically on auto pilot, or just walks away not caring. 
Goddamnit. I just had a near mental breakdown trying to cook salmon. This hits home. 
Calling in sick a lot is/was my thing.  Just too hard to get moving.  Started not taking a shower every day..went to every other day...then every third day.  On the fourth day, I'd call in sick.   When I would make it in to work I'd get lots of, "how are you feeling?", "how's your health?", "are you sick?"  These questions made it worse for me because I couldn't answer or felt that I had to lie and make up some random sickness.  These people don't really care and besides if I were to answer I'd completely break down into a blob of tears and wailing.  Just be happy I'm there and assign me something that will keep me busy.  That was the best way to keep me coming back each day. 
I actually use how much time I spend on Reddit as a rough way to gauge my mood. The more time I spend here, the worse I seem to be doing.     
I don't mind sharing details about my life, it's just going to be generally uninteresting. I will avoid talking about how I feel though, for the simple reason that I can't tell you myself. My answer from birth has been "I'm fine". 
This could also mean they're a waiter or shop attendant on a 14- hour shift. 
The best you can do is chalk it up to experience and realise you are a better individual for understanding how not to go about things. If you feel guilt and regret then the present you is not the same person who fucked up. 
Undersleeping and oversleeping can both by signs of depression. So can changes in sleep patterns or changes in diet/food consumption. 
I teeter on the edge of extreme joy and crippling loneliness most of the time. This thread is half of who I am. 
I am an avid daydreamer and I feel emotionally violated. 
I've noticed that I tend to laugh with other people even when I didn't hear the joke or understand it correctly. After I do anyways I ask myself, "why am I like this." Nothing other than what I've already known I suppose. 
Or can't focus like they used to. Sometimes even reading a book can be a struggle. 
Me too. I pace around my house doing nothing but thinking for hours on end in dead silence. I go to the window, peek outside continuously, and go back to pacing. I must look like a crazy, caged animal. In a way, I am.  
I feel like former depressives have a more realistic outlook than other people. And we can appreciate moments that should be enjoyed and not just be mindlessly happy.  
I do this all the time... so people *can* see through the act, huh? haha 
Hey man coming from a clinically depressed guy, that is what depression is. Its a numb feeling where happiness is not felt. Depression does not always equal sadness, its the lack of happiness, please get help now. 
i know people like this  they're unbearable  primarily because i'm exactly like that, too... ive just been making an effort to shut the fuck up if i've got nothing positive to say lmao 
This needs to be higher. The happy person, especially socially happy person, can be secretly very depressed. Double points if they're trying to make other people happy, or pretty funny.  Robin Williams is actually a very good example of this. Comedians in general, really. 
There's a great quote I recently heard, "I'd rather be condemned than pitied." 
So in other words, any behavior that is on either extreme end of the spectrum.  Or they drive a Chevy Cobalt. 
Not everyone who does these things in the thread are unhappy but pretty much every unhappy person does these things, if that makes sense. 
I feel that. I started drinking pretty constantly for 5 months and I stopped eating as much. I ended up losing 15 pounds, and people keep saying "congrats you look so much thinner" so I just keep acting like it was just dieting or whatever. 
I have a third one: Overplaying everything with jokes.  Why? I am guilty of all three things. I have never been in a good spot, but the past 7-ish years it's been really bad. I basically went from being bullied heavily and never having friends to being completely isolated.   My emotional scale is basically binary at this point. Either a zero (when I like something) or a ten (usually when something bothers me). Also, I compulsively joke about everything. I can't really control it anymore, but I understand why I started doing it, and in a way it still helps me to at least fake a connection to the rare people I meet. Appearantly I got pretty good at this over the years. Doesn't help that everything is out of whack with no chance of recovery. 
I think one of the biggest signs is being devoid of emotion. Like you can't 'feel' anything. There's basically this transition phase where you go from being uncontrollably sad to where you don't feel anything. Which is incredible for a few days, and then it's soul-crushingly awful. All you want to do is 'feel' something, anything, and you can't. 
Yesterday I broke down over a homework assignment I missed in an online class, but my significant other didn't understand that wasn't the problem that had me so upset. It was just the straw that broke the camel's back. I had been bottling up more serious issues for much longer than just yesterday. 
this can also be a symptom of anxiety. I have GAD and often ignore texts or paying bills without any reason. it's so stupid  
Well technically you were sick, weren't you? But yeah you couldn't tell them the truth anyway.  
My friend actually confronted me about this. She told me she can watch me plant a smile on my face as a walk up to talk to her 
I believe it was Louis CK who said something along the lines of "As long as you think your past is bad, you must be improving". 
Yeah, it's tricky. I've always been quite self-deprecating, and I worry I've been offputting before. I *think* I was always quite good at hiding it, but it's hard to say. 
It's the "up to a certain point" that's key there. Obviously to an extent, it's fine. And there's nothing wrong with being modest in most situations. But I've known people who talk like that all the time. All their humour revolves around it. It starts to feel like they're really attempting to reach out or be honest, but are hiding it behind "it's a joke". 
Likewise, not sleeping a lot at all. Think only about a couple of hours at night and a nap during the day.  _edit_ Ok, this seems to have some people riled up. I'm not at all saying that if you don't sleep a lot that means you're depressed. However, depression can come with a severly dysfunctional sleeping rhythm.  
Makes me feel better to hear that it's not just me.  Sometimes the smallest thing will set me off. Ice cream! Everything is great! I love the whole world! So much energy I can't control myself! Oh wait, they're out of the flavor I wanted. Everything is terrible, mind immediately focusing on every bad memory it can come up with. There's nothing worthwhile left anywhere. Zero energy.  Even I know I'm being ridiculous when it happens, but I don't know how to stop it. 
Don't be too hard on yourself. Laughing is a social function, and seeing other people laugh might just make you kinda happy. Also it's just contagious sometimes. 
-Hey, you look tired! Are you sick or something?    -I'm just not wearing make-up...  
My go to answer if people ask if everything is alright is just to say "I'm just tired". 
I suffer from depression and I haven't read a book in years.  I used to read all the time but now I can barely finish a magazine article.  Hell, I even skim longer reddit posts.  It's just impossible to be interested or care. 
That also makes people like you more! If you're funny and always steer the conversation so people talk about themselves they won't notice the gaping chasm of darkness that you live on the edge of!  
There's a podcast called the Hilarious World of Depression that hosts comedians to talk about their depression & mental illnesses... I had no idea how common it was until I scrolled through and saw most of my favorite comedians on there 
That's awesome. Kind of a depressed dude here, and I've really only found true happiness since I started taking care of rats about six years ago.  What I've found is the more love I give them, the happier I am.    Their short lifespans plays a large role in this.  Knowing the clock is ticking and dealing with the frequent death of something I care about forced me to realize the importance of the limited time we have.   So for me now, any day that everyone is feeling fine is a good one.   
I dunno how i feel about this. I used to be like that, the kind of person who kept it all inside. And that only meant that when shit pissed me off, i wouldnt bother telling anyone and everyone thought everything is okay. Now i complain. Not to everyone about everything, but to the right people about the stuff they understand. And it feels good. I feel less alone because i know that someone knows and will understand when i have a breakdown. 
Robin Williams had Lewy Body Dementia. It was destroying his mind and judgement. He didn't kill himself out of depression. 
Thank you friend, you just explained away my momentary personal crisis. 
I'm so sorry to hear this. People like your brother is the reason behind this post. Much peace and love to you, friend.  
Similar thing happened to me - reached out for help and got ignored. Later told that they "didn't know how to react" so they did nothing. 
The initial being so beyond not giving a fuck is kind of amazing. It's basically "I have *become* the Void. Whoa." And then eventually you realize literally nothing has any meaning to you anymore and nothing is worth doing.  
As someone who's been depressed, you are the best kind of friend, and we're thankful for people like you.  
Yeah. I always wrestle with focus issues and actually getting stuff done, but I've noticed a huge change it what constitutes 'easy' work. Depression makes loading the dishwasher or putting away a sheet of paper into an act of will, where without it it's pretty easy to go "huh, guess I should toss some stuff in the dishwasher". 
Ya I mean I would describe myself as a happy person who is satisfied with my life, but my place is a mess. Not unsanitary, but just very very disorganized (or at least organized in a way that is only apparent to me. Ok who am i kidding it's a shitshow) I'm just busy and I don't like to halfway clean the place cuz when I start cleaning I go IN 
I have SAD but some GAD as well. When my anxiety is up, even if I'm not anywhere it onsetting to some full blown attack, I put off things like this. I will wait to the last minute to pay a bill or even go through mail. They just seem like big tasks and I find myself avoiding them even though they are constantly on my mind. I hate it 
Watched it with my also depressed SO. Fuuuuck, that last season finale.  
It reminds me that someone, somewhere out there feels the same things I do. And probably a lot of people actually. And makes me not feel as alone or broken.  
That hits home. My past wasn't amazing but I do look back on it very fondly.  
Most people do hide behind it because a piece of them wants someone to acknowledge they're feeling down or feel concerned for them... but the other part of them is just like "Nah, you're being a whiny bitch. Just kid about it instead." 
I didn't even know there are defined levels of depression. Do you know of any reliable sites where I can read about this? 
Digitally disconnect and get out into nature. Take a walk in the woods.  Go hiking. Go camping.  I recently started this and it has done wonders for my anxiety/depression. :) 
I have the whole not sleeping thing as well. I don't nap during the day, I just don't sleep very much. 
I like dreams the best because for a moment I have a life I actually want to live.   Plus there's space monsters. 
I always hate it when I'm in a great mood all day and then I'm just... Not. Nothing happened, but I'm upset now.  
I'll RSVP but cancel at the last minute with some lame excuse why I can't make it. 
*looks at time*  I should get out of bed and ready for work. Maybe just one last Reddit thread...  *reads title*  "Oh fuck, here we go." 
Because usually that's enough for people. When I'm depressed, I give this response and people usually say "Oh okay, cool." and leave it at that.  I hate the idea of dragging other people down with my pointless shit. Doesn't help that I'm bipolar and it comes and goes at the drop of a hat. 
-Hey you look like shit today! Are you sick or something?  -I just put ON my makeup... 
"You have dark spots under your eyes"  "Bitch I'm a panda"  
Same. I used to read at least one novel a week. I haven't finished more than a a few chapters of any in the last 2 years. 
When people ask me why I'm alone (not dating or married) I just smile and tell them that I am so far into depression that I can't find my way out. I just ware the mask of a happy person so people won't see just how bad it really is. I say it all with a smile and a laugh and they think I am just joking.  
I'm just glad to hear there are others out there in this world just like me. 
I searched that expecting to spend a long time scrolling through names. There are six episodes 
they dont even have to be treated bad, the mind can fuck itself up pretty good. That's why it's so hard for some to understand where depression comes from, life is good to them but still they feel empty and disconnected. 
DLB often causes depression, actually, so it could have been both. 
I really dislike people sometimes. I've gained massive trust issues because the day I reached out for help, I got cheated on and later dumped. "Too needy, I can't handle it." I just joke around now as a clown and try helping out whoever I can, but no one reaches out if you dont say anything memorable/significant, and I think I prefer it that way now. Sorry, I think I should have just posted this in r/offmychest 
One of my friends was caught, knife in hand about to kill himself. He's the most generous person I know. 
the thing is, that it makes me happy to make others a gift, or pay their meal, even tho not for long, every bit of happyness is a gift of god for me 
Well hello there perfect summation of my internal being. 
You're a good boyfriend for trying to motivate her, even though in the moment she might resist or maybe even resent it. My roommate was such a positive force when I was deeply depressed for doing that; it makes a difference to know someone's looking out for you. 
If you don't mind me asking, how did your mom react? 
I can pull out the most genuine full-face smile you've ever seen and have it mean absolutely nothing. Heck, sometimes I fool myself. 
"...Sarah?"   Saw it recently and wasn't expecting it to get so dark. Even though it had gotten progressively darker since the first season. It's a miracle reddit hadn't spoiled it for me yet. 
Conversely if I look back on my past and think, "Well, I'll never accomplish anything like THAT again, never have good friends like THAT again, never hike the Milford Track again, never backpack solo through Europe again, never experience the rush of young love again . . . well then I'm probably doing the opposite of improving.  Oh, right.  This is what secret unhappiness looks like. 
Very true! At first you'll think, "Great, now I'm just depressed but in the woods" and then you start moving. There are few things that can make you better and stay feeling better than going for a hike and just listening to some calm, cool music.   Shoutout to sleepmakeswaves for being my official hiking soundtrack.  
Bought a fitness tracker thing that showed every night even when I'm 'asleep' for 8 hours I only actually get 3 hours of sleep a night, being exhausted doesn't help with anything especially emotions  
I don't really wear make up anymore. It's hard to wash out of my beard.  
At least your boss is nice. He worries about his employees. Worth more than an MBa from Harvard.  
You don't have to teleport, there are many just like them near you. Finding them is the problem.   Also, you have a relevant username. 
If I can't make myself happy, I try to make others happy. That helps somewhat. 
Fucking right? I can at least get mad at sadness and try to fight it, self improvement to ward it off, use it as rage fueled motivation... But then i get tired, or i hit a snag, and decide fuck the world I dont need em until im a goddnma goddamn husk. 
Look at this guy with all the time in the world. I liquefy it and inject it straight into my bloodstream. 
Like the angel she is, she stayed on the phone with me while I cried about basically every aspect of my life for over an hour. She knew I'd been having a hard time (going through a divorce I hadn't wanted), but up till that point I'd been putting up a pretty good front and my family thought I was handling it far better than I was. I made an offhand comment about not engaging in self-harm only because I was a coward, and she packed up and drove four hours to come stay with me for the next few days. To be honest, I couldn't ask for better parents.  
The fact that they skip over the entire funeral scene empathizes really well how out-of-touch Bojack is. Poor horsey. 
Opens door for you - "cheers"  Open next door for them - "cheers"  "cheers" 
On the other hand, we're happy to tell a taxi driver our life story within seconds of meeting them. 
Bear in mind those fitness trackers have no idea when you're actually sleeping, they just see if you've stopped moving. If you toss and turn while asleep they'll count that as not being asleep. Similarly, if you lay really still when awake they'll count that as sleeping. 
It's true.   For someone who generally has no facial expressions my boss came by one day and said he was shocked he could tell that I wasn't happy today and that's a different look than he's ever seen from me.   Hit home party hard.  
Very true, I've found maybe five or so but there's probably many many more.  If you need anything, someone to talk to or something like that, my inbox is always open. 
That's the kicker. We see the pattern as it's happening it and just kind of watch it unfold time after time. Sucks but look at this thread. At least we're not alone  
agreed. if I can't have happy myself, I might as well try and make someone else happy 
I struggle with this a lot. Friends/co-workers /family can go on about how nice I am, and here I am brooding for the 1000th time over how shitty of a person I am because I don't think the things I do are for the right reasons. 
Wow, I know exactly what you mean. It feels like your thoughts are shaped by sadness, yet there's no sadness and they appear with the sensation that there must be some kind of emotion to justify the negativity of the thought, but that emotion just isn't there. What's left is some kind of atrophied sensation that mourns the depart between thought and emotion, which I can only describe as emptiness. 
Thanks for the PM.   I try to be kind to myself.  The problem is that I find myself bragging about my accomplishments, and then the people who are supposed to be my support group end up mocking me for my proud, little accomplishments.  Oh well, I guess we do this for ourselves, right?  I dunno.  I had a very hard weekend, and I'm feeling really down.  So I really appreciated the PM.  Thank you. 
I had a similar moment back in college. It was sophomore year, everything seemed to be going belly up for me, and I was pretty much lost. I called my dad sobbing and could only really get out "I'm lost, I don't know what to do". My dad just said "meet me at the tank in 2 hours" (there was a tank on campus, gift from the army for providing free education to pump out more Army Corps of Engineers during WWII).  He drove an 2 hours to come talk to me about everything that was going on. I ended up switching to a major I enjoyed more, and still failed out. I busted my ass with his support to get back in and almost got myself to that magical 3.0 by the time I graduated. Dude's my hero.  
Exactly! Even when I do try to talk about myself they seem like they are only waiting for me to be done so they can talk about themselves again. Being a "good listener" really let's you see how self absorbed a lot of people are.  
That makes me very frustrated on your behalf. Sometimes we have to be proud of even our smallest accomplishments. When I'm too deep in my depression, I get pretty excited that I got out of bed, put clean clothes on, and maybe did some dishes.  Absolutely be proud and maybe when you have some better days look for a new support group? 
I'm sorry to hear that. Some mothers are better than others at...well...mothering.   As my Mom keeps reminding me, I will still be her child no matter what age I am.  
Gotta shake your butt or the device every few seconds if you're standing and talking (depending where it's mounted). One starts beeping everyone does a wiggle. They turn on when you turn on your SCBA tank.  I'd never seen or thought of them in relation to 9/11. That's pretty chilling. 
All the other last words, and then the Polish Airforce with just "fuck" 
Found footage because it was recorded by the SOSUS listening network and nobody knew they had it until later. 
When I was in a high school, a girl a little older than me was kidnapped from a mall near our house. She was walking to her car and these guys pulled up next to her in their car. One pointed a gun at her and told her to get in the car. She did, and what they did to her afterwards was horrific (she did not survive). My mom told me if that ever happened to me, to just refuse to go because it would be better to be hurt or killed right there in a parking lot than go through what that girl did. 
He was apparently so creepy that, even though he won, the contestant refused to go on a date with him. 
Well, he wasn't a corpse so I'd say that the ending was a happy one.  
That guy was kind of an idiot. I hate that his dumb choices were romanticized the way that they were. 
That was from the video for "Down In It", which released back in 1989. In it, Trent Reznore appears to throw himself off a building and fall to his death. Trent had to prove IN COURT that he was still alive. 
same, reading this at 1am in Aus so I have to be careful.  
Thank you for mentioning this; I *really* shouldn't have listened to that audio, and reading about a bunch of firefighters rolling their eyes as they wiggle their butts to stop the noise was a funny distraction from it haha  
We use the word "kurwa" so much, we call it the comma. 
Air New Zealand, stiff fucking upper lip right till the end! 
My philosophy is basically this, and this is something that I live by, and I always have, and I always will: Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever. 
A common problem with people who are drowning, they panic and pull their would be savior under the water, drowning them too. 
Bud Dwyer if you haven't seen it yet. Much more upsetting as he was an innocent man saving his family from the burden of his guilty sentence. 
Yeah. Pretty sure it's air escaping more than a willful groan at that point.  
Later in the film one of them seems incredibly remorseful and takes responsibility in (I felt) a really genuine way. Like he fully develops a stutter whenever he talks about what happened, but he forces himself to talk about it because he owes it to the family.   The other one though blames everyone but himself and his parents are clearly enabling his delusion that he is blameless.  
Yeah that was messed up. Zero remorse. No hesitation in their voice when talking about what they are doing. It's horrifying that a person can think like this. I hope these two boys are in prison. 
It's Wisconsin man, we're the red headed redneck step child of the northern midwest. 
It's significant, historically. It's happened several times throughout recent history. I couldn't tell you specific names, but I've heard about this on the news several times. Some people kill out of spite, or for revenge or justice. Namely, people in gangs kill this way. However, normal people, that fly off the rail and start killing people have had a psychotic break. They don't do it because they want to, but because they feel they need to. After they do it once, they often feel they cant stop, and feel the nagging urge to do it again. This often comes with strong feelings of remorse afterwards, which can be seen in acts such as a respectful burial, or resting place for the victim, or even calls to the police begging to be caught and stopped.   This isn't always the case, just a glimpse into the mental state of (some) remorseful killers.  
Always have the angle going "up" so from the outside they can't look "down" between the blinds.  
Closed and locked. Also super creaky floors, and dogs. Don't come down my hall.. just take the TV and go.  
Yep. He created a drug cocktail to mess with there memories and released them. He only killed them if he felt it necessary. 
And she had a slit throat... That's pretty dedicated for someone who was just "cheating"... What was the husband thinking? 
IF YOU WANT TO THINK OF THE WORLD AS A CALM SAFE PLACE - DO NOT READ  JURY MEMBERS LEFT THE COURTROOM CRYING AND VOMITTING UPON HEARING THIS RECORDING.  THIS CONTENDS FOR THE SICKEST SHIT ON THE INTERNET.  DO NOT READ. 
They would also poison the children first. They knew that if the parents saw their kids dying that they would be more willing to kill themselves.  
You know what? I just got my Nintendo Switch and I'm having a fantastic day. I'm going to take your advice. In fact, I'm going to abandon thread.  
The coroners report stated that he shot himself, though disputed by others, and he was found to have a toxic level of barbiturates in his system  
That fucking music still terrifies me to this day.  I was kid when that was first on the air and got popular, and if Stack's voice wasn't enough, it was the music that scared the hell out of me.    I'm in my 30s now and I still won't listen to it.   
If someone ever pulls up to you in a car, run in the opposite direction. If they bother to flip the car around, you'll already be gone. 
The government had the balls to say those messages and videos were staged. 
A bunch of panicked stampeding school children would have ruined *his* chances of getting off safely.    
I remember reading that divers had to recover the bodies in shifts of one body per diver, because it was emotionally too much to handle. One had to separate a boy and girl who were holding hands.    Their class went from 338 students to 88. It's one of those events that still gets me close to tears. 
I never saw that one, but the one that pushed me over the edge as a teenager on the Internet was the one of that Japanese lady in spiked high heels *slowly* torturing a puppy on a dock or something. There was a string of similar videos, but I never made it past the first one. The sounds were probably the worst part of it. There's one part where she like puts her foot on the dog's leg and then rolls her foot back so it just completely twists the leg into a broken oblivion. That's about when I closed out of the video, and since then I've been a lot more cautious about clicking potential gore links.  Pretty sure she, and the person who paid the women to do this shit, got arrested at some point. 
I hate when people say he was homeless. It's like they are trying to make it less terrible.   They killed a good man. They lured him and tortured him while his family wondered where he was.  
Sensationalism bullshit.  Tbh it's creepy enough just knowing the background. 
If you were the guy who found them you'd definitely shit yourself.  
I feel like if I saw a scuba diver show up after 3 days I would think I was hallucinating. 
I ignored your comment and listened anyways, and i feel stupid for doing so 
Shit I had never heard about the failed pin attempts 
Could be why folk tales warn people about leaving paths. might be a way to scare travellers who might be more scared of monsters than 'you might get lost'  
What makes it even creepier is that the outfit she has on is what he made her put on just before he murdered her. She was kidnapped whilst hitchhiking with a friend IIRC, and nobody hitchhikes in a dress and high heels.  
yeah, if you ever go to alaska don't bring him up.  They hate him, and that his brazen stupidity was glamorized.  There's been a few copycats since he died. 
Wait they used video effects so well he had to prove he was alive? That's a professional job gg editors.   But iirc "dying" then coming back to life is very expensive and hard 
I believe it was because there were two tracks, and a train was passing on the other track at the time, so they probably assumed the noise was from that train instead of the one they didn't see. 
We were taught to just calm down, take a deep breath and dive or "sink" if a person panics during a rescue, they are not going to follow you down. It's possible this is a "pool only" solution to the problem. 
The video of Dwyer is still with me today, after seeing it back in high school about 15 years ago. It will always be with me. What a gruesome thing it was. It haunted me for months after.  
They are, the one seems genuinely remorseful, the other one, even though he talked about how much he enjoyed doing the murder on the tape before and after, still maintains his innocence. 
Can I have the TV instead? No need to let a criminal take it.  
They still have no idea how many he killed though. The whole thing is a horrific mystery. 
All of this just proves the world isn't a calm and safe place, though. This whole thread proves that. I hope everyone going through here stays safe. Y'all travel with friends, carry mace or a pocket knife or something. Sick people are out there and you sometimes have to rely on yourself to survive. :/  
Many protested - asking Jim Jones why couldn't they just pack up and head to Russia as was discussed as a possibility numerous times. 
Some people did pretend. I remember there being at least one in a documentary I saw. 
If this was at a mall I'd run back into the fucking mall and take my chances. If I played my cards right I'd be in a fitting room while someone called the cops. 
Isn't that the very same government who got caught doing some weird cultish shit and demanding bribes from Samsung? 
Well I hope that year or so of living he got before being sentenced to life in prison was worth it.  
If you're in deep water, no big deal. Boats at sea can have a tsunami pass right under them and it just seems like a large swell. It's when it reaches land that all that water and force has to go somewhere. 
Isn't that what makes tsunamis so dangerous?  Unless you know the warning signs by the time you realize you're in danger it's too late. 
I have to lie and tell myself those videos aren't real because I cannot deal with the fact that a woman would torture an innocent puppy or kitten to death for sexual pleasure. It upsets me so much. 
Actually they killed about 15 people including a pregnant woman and recorded all of them, this was the only one that managed to get leaked from the police department 
My mom always says that if someone gets in your car and tells you to drive somewhere, try to crash the car on their side. Kill or be killed  
plus they are a lot more likely to get caught if they kill you in the middle of the street. 
As I recall, the diver that found him did get pretty startled. He said something to the effect of thinking he found another body in the water and when he reached out they guy grabbed back at him. Probably a pretty surreal moment. 
That guy's mental state was probably  close to that. Three days in total darkness, nearly silent, and no real way to orient yourself. I dont think i could ever imagine how long thkse three days must have felt. 
Out of everything I can imagine that man went through, the worst for me would be the not knowing if you were going to be rescued or not. Not knowing what time of day it was, where you are, how far down you are, do people know yet?  It's scary that it's possible people have survived plane crashes doing this exact thing, and they were never found.  Imagine dying, alone, at the bottom of the ocean with the hope someone was going to find you? 
They were barracudas, not sharks. Still horrifying though.  
Considering how rough and small that overturned boat is, I'm inclined to think they were pirates, too. Probably tried to intercept the fleet, but was capsized for whatever reason. 
Sounds to me like something that happens when it's dark and you're panicked 
I buy bright pink and orange flagging tape. I got lost once and that was enough for me. 
Not only did he force her to put the outfit on he had also just cut off her hair as a souvenir.  
His major problem was that he didn't bring a fucking map. If he did he would have realized there was a bridge to get over the river fairly close to him.   That dude is basically a prime example of why you should never let romanticism override common sense.   Good movie though... 
Yep people have to get rescued from hikes to the site every summer.  
As they were filming the shot, the camera accidentally fell along with the fake body they threw out a window. It looked like a suicide tape.  BTW: Nine Inch Nails is a pretty good band if you're ever interested. 
I keep my mouse safely on the scroll bar in threads like these. 
I'd say decomposing into the soil is a pretty solid connection to Nature 
"Oh fuck! /u/friedhamwallet, March 3, 2017...I'm out!" 
Yep, and also kick the shit out of them if they're endangering you. Worst case scenario you knock them unconscious, and then they're easier to rescue anyway. 
I too have a "the ocean is no fucking joke" story, where I was swimming at night with some friends of mine and just was too excited, didn't realize how far out we were, and waves started beating the fuck down. I couldn't keep my head above water, and when I could the only thing I thought to do was scream for my two other friends. turns out one was also drowning, and the third was on the shore, just paralyzed by fear watching the both of us, not knowing if they could help, and even if they could, knowing they couldn't help the both of us. pure luck got us back to shore, where we shook and chain-smoked a lot, making really dark jokes.   I couldn't even hear the sound of waves for a few years without having a panic response.  
When my friend and I got caught in one, all of the other people boogie boarding were yelling at us to swim diagonally. I listened to them, since it meshed with what I knew already. My friend didn't hear them or something, so he just kept getting swept along. Luckily there was a lifeguard at the beach that saw him.  
The way the blood just *pours* out of his nose once he falls to the floor is something that I would have thought was overdone if I had seen it in a movie. 
The "I'm getting horny thinking about it" was disturbing to me. What the fuck. These are the type of crimes that make the death penalty hard to get rid of. There's no chance they are innocent.  
I remember that kid who keeps saying he is innocent and even his parents say he is innocent and blame the other kid. It's interesting in children who murder, because normally one has sociopathic tendencies and the other is a follower who latches into whatever grand plans the other has. It was clear that the one guy who feels remorseful and absolutely devastated by his actions now is the follower and I think he even says in one of the tapes I watched that he needs to live his life for Cassie. But the other just refuses to take any responsibility and that's even scarier. 
IIRC he later stated that at the time he was in a delusional state that made him believe he hadn't really killed her and that she was really missing, and not just because he killed her. He went as far as to help out in search efforts because he wanted to believe she was still alive and that the murder was just a dream.  So when he is told about the body being found in this interview he is actually reacting to the fact that she really is dead and he can't believe someone killed her. He is grieving as opposed to freaking out over being caught.  Then again, this is just what he ended up saying later on so who knows if he is actually being honest. I think he is full of shit, but it's possible he was just so delusional that he really believed he didn't kill her. Dude is a nut. 
Can I take the creaky floors? No need to listen for thieves with no TV. 
I couldn't read all of it but in the first parts he discussed how easy it was to constantly do it, and details about previous kidnappings. If truthful, terrifying.  
That's one of the most interesting parts of this audio. There is the lady who is like "hey guys, maybe we could not do this..." and the rest shut her down and then they do it. Bizarre.  
It was Flavor-Aid, not Kool-Aid!   They've been slandered long enough!!! 
I was in the country during that time. He was on the run and the cops were stopping buses to look for him 
Yes, the president had a top advisor who was from a cult. There are some theories that the response to the ferry was deliberately poorly managed to offer the children as a sacrifice for the cult. 
Wasn't even a year. He and 14 crew members were arrested that same week. 
Yeah, a lot of people don't realize this. There's a video somewhere on Youtube that is supposed to be of a boat going over the Japanese tsunami way out to sea, but the comments are full of people not believing it because it just looks like a really big swell.  
Often even then, depending on your surrounding geography. 
Yeah.... There's nothing fake looking about it. Honestly tho it's the sounds that bother me 
And if you're struggling it'll likely be a lot more sloppy, hopefully leaving some sort of trail. If they're able to take their time they'll be super careful. 
Can you imagine being the guy on the boat for three days?! He could only assume he was going to die. 
I remember from the interview he gave shortly after getting rescued that he said it wasn't silent. He could hear sharks and crabs scavenging the dead bodies on the wreck. That sounds 10000% worse than silence to me. 
That's really good information in case I'm ever trapped in a pocket of air in the ocean.  
The guy talking is on the surface watching a monitor, but the diver is surprisingly calm as well. I remember reading that Harrison had seen the light of the diver pass by in the hallway outside the room he was in, and he then proceeded to grab the arm of the diver. Imagine diving inside a wreck you are sure is filled with dead people only to be grabbed  by someone from behind. I would have shit and pissed myself to death.  
During an interview with the guy he says he could hear sharks below swimming around and rummaging/eating. I'd probably try to drown myself just to escape the terror of being in the dark with apex predators 
Sounds more like 1 girl trying the pin on the other girls phone (because the latter one is unconcious?) 
If youre going to do some serious frontiersman shit, wouldn't you have learned that simply following alongside a river can tend to lead you to a settlement of some sort?  I also heard that he poisoned himself because he harvested and ate the entire Eskimo Potato plant when part of it is actually not safe to eat, especially in the large quantities he ate it in. 
I could see that, when I read it i thought he came off as somebody who thinks he's way smarter than he is.   
*sigh*  OP had one job, username and subreddit. Can't even do that right when they're dying. GGWP OP.  
This is fucking ganster and they never taught this method in lifeguarding class. But good thinking on the fly. whatever works works. 
'Swimming at night in the surf'....found your problem.  
I was planning on shooting myself one day and was watching videos of it to see what my family would find. After Dwyer I couldn't do it. I couldn't let my parents find me in that much blood. It put me off long enough to eventually get a little help and now I'm healthy and hopefully never to be in that position  
I don't think this is true.  He had made postings on forums online about "hypothetical" stalker-murder situations and how he would play dumb and be in a daze if apprehended.  His full interrogation is on youtube and it's just him giving yes/no/i dont know monotone answers and staring straight forward like a creep.  Also the detective is obese and leans back in his chair super far at one point and you have to marvel at the integrity of the chair. 
Because they had run numerous previous fake trial runs before. They would wake people in the middle of the night, get them to take fake cyanide, and then severely punish those who refused. Over and over again. They would have people act as if they were resisting, or trying to escape to gain helpers, then punish anyone who went along with it. The psychological fuckery was extensive and devastating. 
IIRC on the Jonestown documentary they interview a girl who remained still on the floor hoping she wouldn't get shot in midst of a shootout next to a plane. The incident happened parallel to the people being fed the poison within the Jonestown complex, although the girl wasn't part of Jonestown she was just visiting along with some politicians who got assaulted when they tried to escape, I think. 
I'm on the East Coast of the US so we are lower risk for tsunami.  But I'd be lying if I said I didn't check my height above sea level after the Japanese Tsunami.  Fortunately due to the Appalachians and where I live I'm 222 feet above sea level despite being only 19 miles from the ocean.  And honestly if I have to worry about tsunami flooding at that height we have far bigger problems. 
That's how the whole city felt, so proud of her for fighting back. Everyone believes he would have sexually assaulted her if she had she not fought so hard. Mickey refused to be give up till the very end. There's now a "ghost bike" memorial downtown and a bike loop around the city for safer bike riding in her memory. 
The thing that really got me was imagining the darkness.  Not just the alone underwater for 3 days...doing it in pitch black...only to have a light just turn on suddenly.  He for sure was blinded, but you can clearly see in the video that those eyes are seeing god. 
Aren't we all just trapped in a pocket of air in an ocean, really? 
Ya this is the much better video. Finding bodies as a diver must be a pretty terrible job, but to suddenly have one of them grab your arm must have been absolutely insane. 
I imagine it was body recovery so that guy has seen some shit. Doesn't make it any less terrifying though. 
Did he know they were sharks because of the music? 
My best theory on this is that they went off path and one or both of them got hurt. I saw pictures of the trails they were on and once you go off path by like 10 meters you can easily get disoriented/hurt. This is the reason why all park rangers tell you to stay on the paths. The photos were taken by one of them during the night. My best guess is that an animal was stalking them at night and the flashes kept it back. Both of them succumbed to either their injuries, lack of water, or loss conscious and the elements took them.  The lack of remains is just what happens when the body parts are scavenged by animals. The foot stuck in the shoe is because the animals couldnt get through the shoe to the meat.  Stay on the paths people. 
Youre kinda glossing over the weeks spent in the back of his truck cab being tortured and raped.  
There's something strangely beautiful about knowing that a death saved a life. It doesn't erase that it happened, but it makes things a lot better knowing that there's someone alive today as a result. Glad you're doing well. 
Amid all the morbid stuff, your comment made me chuckle  
that is literally one of the first places the police look for the killer. they ask for volunteers to help find the victim/body and take a list of everyone who helps and use that as a "suspect list"  
True story. When I was about 10 and my sister was 6 we were at the beach. I said something about being afraid of sharks and my sister says "Don't worry. There aren't any. The duh duh... duh duh... duh duhhhh music isn't playing." One of the funniest things I've heard that came totally random.  
Huh, this is the most likely theory I've ever read on it.  
The ex-boyfriend in Making a Murderer gave me a really bad vibe for exactly this reason. He was way too gung-ho to help the cops. 
You really can't blame yourself for crazy events like that. The twin towers would have never been knocked down on 9/11 if the architect never designed them but no one makes that connection because it's completely absurd. Existence is chaos, you can't control what happens to something or someone down the road just because you interacted with it on your own journey. 
My daughter is 11, has never seen Jaws, is probably only vaguely aware it exists, has never heard 'the shark music', yet when we're in a pool (and this goes back a few years even)  if I would swim toward her doing 'the shark music' she would freak out. 
Did you not read the Daily Beast article?  Looking at those imgur pics, if that gully flooded they'd be toast. One of them survived for 10 days at least. This is in no way foul play. It was a major storm the day they went out. A flash flood is also not out of the question.  And, they were in tank tops and jean shorts, nothing else. Even in the tropical jungle you can die of exposure/hypothermia. 
Its also possible the pictures were being taken because one of them was out of it. Lack of water can cause people to become delirious and what were seeing is photos taken by someone who was hallucinating. But its the southern jungles so it could have been an animal stalking them considereing most animals are not active till night when the photos were taken. 
I was thinking tripped on rocks/twisted ankle before the 911 call.  The picture of hair was checking a head wound I bet. 
Perhaps even grandma was abused herself and that could be what drove her to do it. 
Damn. That guy was fully responsible for his own death, you just happened to be there. Lucky he didn't take you with him.  It's a shame, but double the speed limit in the middle of the night with no lights? 100% his fault. 
To hold a stranger's hand in his final moments. You are a beautiful person. I hope you are okay now.  
That seems like it should have definitely been at least a two person job. 
And don't make illegal u-turns like a dumbass. That would've solved the issue.  
Thats not your fault. You didn't let somebody too drunk drive. Thats what you're *supposed* to do. 
He got to spend his last few days with his grandkids, and helping his child through a rough patch. If you could ask him, I bet he wouldn't regret his decisions at all. 
why did he attack you? was he on drugs or had a mental breakdown? 
You can't live your life at the beck and call of everyone else. It's healthy to take time for yourself. I'm sorry that this happened in this case and I understand why you feel guilty, but you couldn't have known. 
As part of my job, I work with seniors to improve their reflexes and balance.  These are things that degrade with age.  In most demographics, falls kill more older adults than anything other than heart disease and cancer.  People with good balance and quick reflexes rarely seriously injure themselves from a fall.  Your grandfather in his younger years could have recovered from his misstep, or could have gotten his arms out in front of him in time.  Frailty, decline, and bad luck killed your grandfather, not you.  It could have been a crack in a sidewalk. 
Sometimes people do this as a means of suicide.   It's unfortunate you were involved and had to deal with the fallout but it wasn't your fault.  
I wonder how many lives you unknowingly saved by repoing someone's car. 
It may take or have taken you a long time to believe this, or maybe you never will, but you did him a really big favour.  
I had a similar but less serious incident as an adult in Taiwan. A friend dropped me off at the place I was staying. I opened the door on the kerb side and a kid on a bicycle slammed into it. He was ok, a few scratches. What some may not realize is that sidewalks are uncommon in Asia and so the area between buildings and cars is still road. The reaction of my friends suggested this was my fault and I should have looked before opening the door. 
You aren't clairvoyant. I know you're in this profession to help and I completely understand the frustration, anger and sadness that comes with hindsight, but please don't beat yourself up when all of your efforts and training don't turn out to be magic. Focus on the people you do save, while still having sympathy for the ones you couldn't. I'm positive the former outweighs the latter.  
My girlfriend gets pissed when I don't respond to that kind of thing while doing something potentially dangerous. This is exactly the kind of thing I'm afraid of.    I'm sorry for your loss man. 
Do you remember this or did your parents tell you?  
You say that you were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but hey, you're alive. Sure, it would be great if that man had survived, but if he had been in front of you, you'd be the dead one, and he'd be typing up this comment now. I know that it sucks that you had to be involved in something like this, but fate works in cruel, yet mysterious ways. Maybe the guy would have died the next day from a heart attack or something? I know, still awful to think about, but look on the bright side: at least you weren't texting and driving. If that had been the case, then yeah, it would have been a lot more awful if someone had died because you were distracted, but that's not what happened. The other guy just got really unlucky that day. 
Neither of you knew about his condition.  He was essentially a ticking-time bomb.  The circumstances of it suck, but it's not your fault. 
Hey, it might not have been your kit that was used. Even if it was, you had no way of knowing what would happen. 
Even then the decision making is difficult. They saw someone sprint out of the building, they opened fire. What if it was a Chechen soldier or a marauder with a gun? They were in the same moral predicament I was. They did not want to shoot a 17 year old girl, but they took the chance of what they thought was right and when they saw someone sprint, they opened fire.   We do so many actions thinking we have the best moral interests and we still commit atrocities in those split second moments. I don't blame myself, I blame whoever put us in such a horrible situation that that had to happen. Those decisions were not made by us, they were made by the men who created the war and pushed so far as to create an environment in which people HAVE to make those decisions.  
This was my thought too. All too often love gives someone rose-tinted glasses, so it seems likely he did something to damage that.  
Im very sorry to hear about your sister, and thank you for the kind words. I've had to stop trying to associate 'blame' and who made the mistake where--it just goes down a hole that doesn't have a good outcome.  
They replaced the street lights that day, pretty fucked up it took a death to save a few cents.  
I don't know the full details on that, but I do know that the chat logs were saved so the blame was really taken off of us. We demonstrated meteorologically why we wanted hail. His argument was "I have more stripes, get rid of it." I just wound up having a discussion with my commander about it in private and he basically said that no one pulls rank on the weather. Next time this happens, we have to stick to our guns and don't get pushed around by a "senior" forecaster.  
Thanks. I don't know about that.  I was scared.  I was trying to keep him awake until the paramedics got there.  I didn't want to move him out of the car,  I felt like we shouldn't move him in case he had trauma to the body but bystanders insisted.  He looked so lonely stretched out on the sidewalk and I kept thinking about how his long life had led to this,  a car wreck with a 16 yr old girl.  I used to think about it a lot,  that my voice was the last he heard,  my hands were the last he felt and if that even means anything.  I don't know if he was even aware I was there.  It's been a long time, I'm 37 now but I think about him every January 2nd which was the day of the accident.  His family being so gracious and reaching out to me made a big difference in how I coped at the time.   
It should have but in most cases the staff to aid ratio is ridiculous. Imagine being left to care for 33 people that's what our third shift does anywhere from 25 to 33 people most of them total care several are bariatric residents. CNA'S are not valued enough for what they do. 
Seriously this. Last Summer, I was vacationing with my family and girlfriend in California. We stopped at a wide, slow-moving river and we got in to swim. Girlfriend had never been swimming in water deeper than she could stand in before and I grew up with a full size pool and could swim really well. Girlfriend was supposed to stay near the shallow part but somehow ended up in the deeper area. I came over to push her back to shore and it was SO exhausting to nudge her the 8ft back to the nearest grabbable surface while also trying to keep her head above water. I almost passed out from exhaustion when I got to shallow water and my legs were shaking like crazy.  Definitely could have easily drowned. 
I understand that that would've probably happened but I still wish I could've helped somehow. 
It was a very small town and the driver was old. Still no excuse. Things can happen.  
Exactly. Think of what would happened if he drove drunk with another passanger. Him, his passanger, and any number of people in 1 ir more vehicles coukd have been killed. Likely, at least one life ended up being saved that day. 
Or suicidal, even drunk me would probably look for a more comfortable place to pass out than train tracks.  
The gun is always loaded.  It's not a toy, end of story. A hunter should know better than to give a firearm to a kid outside a safe environment (shooting range). 
This woman obviously believes she has nothing to live for, so I second the 'she's not fucking around' angle. It makes me sad that the mother could never find closure or place responsibility where it should have been, and that it's not allowing this person to move on with their lives. 
Hey, no ones said it yet so I'll say it. Congratufuckinglations, you're strong as hell and I hope you continue strongly on your new journey! I wish the best for you and wish you well along the way! Keep counting those months, soon they'll turn to years.  
Good point. I was at a pool party for 6-7 year olds, and I remember diving into the pool and accidentally landing on one of the other kids who was lurking underneath the water. One of the adults saw this and pulled the kid out of the water. I am really thankful to have had that supervision. 
The thing that makes it feel like my fault is that after his second DUI he asked me to keep his gun so it wasn't an option. He then asked for it back a few months later to go shooting, I reluctantly gave it back to him and said to give it back afterwards. He said he was getting counseling and other things to help with his troubles. I would compare him to Robin Williams, he was typically the life of the party and could cheer anyone up. It just hurts knowing the last thoughts about me were that I hated him. I didn't/don't, I was just frustrated with him because I cared about him. 
Its easier to cope with the loss if there is some sort of scapegoat. They probably know on the inside he didnt do anything. And social pressures and not seeing the signs are why he'd blame himself If I were to guess. But the last part is very true. He obviously had the  intent to commit suicide, he would've done it one way or another.  
One night I was out drinking with a friend that kept saying he wanted to go get some coke (cocaine). I didn't have any interest and told him no thanks. Told him to just go home and call it a night. We went our separate ways. Got a call the next morning from a detective because he was found dead. He overdosed. Obviously that was crushing, sad news. But I also felt terrible. I felt sick. I felt guilty. What if I went with him? Could I have changed the outcome of that night? Well, his mother, whom I had never spoken to before, called me a few days later to tell me that she absolutely does not blame me at all. She said he was "a big boy and only he was responsible for his decisions." I didn't realize it at the time, but thinking back, that call really really helped me. 
Drugs. Alcohol and pcp. I could smell alcohol, of course. I didn't know about the drugs until a while after. 
I think this is very important.  This reminds me of a post here where a little girl had to have surgery and she was not allowed to eat the day before. Of course her parent gave her food and she almost died.  People often think that these questions/advices are "just protocol". It can help to remind them they might die. 
If they've got something to hide, then they will hide it.  If you're lucky, you *might* get the truth if you get loved ones away from them, but then you also might not. 
This and suicide by cop are just despicable acts leaving monstrous guilt and pain 
It always seemed like I killed him in my 9 year old perspective. Like I was sitting there watching as he died thinking he was ok 
No. Not following basic road rules as a driver is the stupid fucking thing you can do. 
The investigation lasted nine months, at first they wanted to charge me with negligent homicide, it ended up getting brought down to a negligent driving ticket. There really was no grounds for that either but it seems everyone that day got something. The bus driver was substitute and she was no longer allowed to sub bus driving and the victims boyfriend who was walking with her but didn't get hit, he got a Jay walking ticket.   Years later the family tried to sue everyone, but it got thrown out due to a time limit they had to file. My insurance company handled everything, I never spent a day in court. You could imagine what that would do to anyone let alone a 17 year old kid. Reliving in therapy is one thing, taking the stand would have destroyed me. I never even finished counseling. I wish I did. I'm still dealing with it to this day and I just turned 36. 
Why the fuck would the pedestrians walk over a red light when there is traffic?  Is it just the German inside me that doesn't think this is weird? 
Probably quite a few.  Roughly a third of our repos have "empty alcohol cans/bottles" on the inventory list.  I've never really thought about it until just now, but that does pop up quite often.  Thank you for pointing this out to me.   
I really hope so, although I haven't seen it that way before. Thanks. 
Here in Canada, if you open your car door, you're responsible. You are required to look to be sure it's safe, since someone walking or riding along can't predict when someone will open their doors.  
My girlfriend gets mad when i tell her to take her feet off the dashboard when i'm driving. Every time i have to explain to her what would happen to her legs if we were to get in an accident. 
unrelated, but during my time in high school, a kid shot himself due to being bullied incessantly. kid was a freshman, and it seems that after he died, everyone apparently was his friend afterwards. even the kids that fucked with him. might be a coping mechanism, might be something else more selfish, either way, he suddenly gained a lot more friends in death than in life. 
I Actually learned this from my grandmother when i was 13  
Life long asthmatic that has it under control now. You are totally correct. It is often exercise enduced or can be triggered in other ways but it is a pretty quick thing, not delayed. Not your fault at all.  
Also, he should've gone to the hospital. It's unfortunate to say that he may have done it to himself 
Doesn't even need to know the month. He'll, they can get away with "Accident x city x month/year".  I'm an emergency medical dispatcher and we never get to know the outcomes of the calls we take so it's something we often check. 
The second time a passenger ... critiques my driving, my go to is, "Do you want to fucking drive? Because I can pull over and let you have the driver's seat."  My wife was mad at me for three days, but she hasn't done that shit since. 
Exactly. You did what you thought was best and a terrible accident, well out of your control, occurred. I wish you the best and I hope that you can learn to handle and overcome that pain one day. Much love. 
I agree. Couldn't anyone just order an arduino online? I'm sure they're really easy to get anywhere.  
There is. That's why it's something I hate myself for.  
Yeah like maybe for her it was kind of okay to be the receiving end of her husband's abusive behavior but after knowing that he has also been harming their grandchildren, she goes that's it, it has got to stop. 
Thank you for the condolences, but my real message was, in instances like this, "blame" can't be directed - understanding the actual causes is almost as complex as understanding the results, and you were unfortunately caught up in a terrible story outside your own. I hope you've "moved on" as best as you can and have come to realize none of this was your fault - you were an unfortunate victim in someone else's story, and I hope it doesn't follow you 
Unfortunately it's called Blood Priority, very well known in the aviation industry.    
This is the part I don't get: Who cares if they object, regardless of their rank. You are the forecaster. It's your forecast (your subordinate's, in this case) with your initials on it. So long as your forecast is consistent with the operational area forecast, note the objections in your forecast worksheet and leave your forecast as is. If it doesn't verify, then be prepared to write up the missed forecast review. Too f-ing bad for the guy that doesn't want to brief it. 
No, they certainly are not. When I was a brand new nurse CNAs saved my ass on multiple occasions. Cannot thank them enough for all they do!   
I agree. I decided to end care for my now late husband. He had severe brain damage from a car accident he had. No chance of recovery. I knew it was the best thing to do. Couldn't leave him hooked up to a vent with feeding tube for my own selfish reasons. It wouldn't of been fair. But I didn't know exactly what end of care was until we were in it. They pulled fluids, feeding tube etc. It took 6 days for his body to finally release him from it. Watching him die slowly, hopefully never in pain. They did give anti anxiety meds and pain meds around the clock in hospice to help, and he never appeared to be in pain. But shit.... Watching that... Watching him die slowly... It broke me. I remember the minute he passed away...I cried so much because he left but also felt peace that he was no longer stuck in his body.  
My great grand mother passed a few years ago, and it was one the most..  non-sad? funerals I'd ever been to.  I mean, we all loved her and missed her, but for about a year before that every time you left it would be like;  "See you at Christmas grandma!"  "Oh, I hope not."  She was there, mentally.  She was mostly blind, from cataracts.  And she was just..  ~~waiting~~hoping to die.  And she let her wishes be known.  I just wish we were in a society where one could just.. opt out, in a legal, humane, acceptable way. 
Also, drown victims are very dangerous to be near, they'll push themselves up on anything or one near them. No way in hell an 8 year old could've saved another drowning 8 year old in the ocean. It's nothing like swimming in a pool.  
As an adult with training, maybe.  As an eight year old? Not a chance. The *best* you could have *maybe* done was stay back and encourage him. But most likely you would have simply witnesses him going under for the last time first hand. Not a memory you need.  Sorry you lost him that way. 
I can't drink because I become deeply suicidal. I keep it at bay sober. 
Yeah as a non-firearm user this is the rule I live by. Can it fire a bullet?  If so, assume it's loaded. 
Oh I agree. The fact that he has restraining orders against her and the police don't do anything about those threats is a joke. They are legitimate. I understand she lost a child, but also, this man did not kill her daughter. 
We had a pool party for my daughter's 6th grade graduation party and we hired a lifeguard so the adults could relax a bit and not have to stand by the pool the whole time. 
That was me when I was a teenager.  Was at the beach and swam out to a buoy -- I wasn't (and still am not) a good swimmer, and by the time I got there, I was completely exhausted.  I was hanging onto the buoy while frantically waving to a passing boat.  The passengers smiled and waved back.  Somehow I managed to swim back to the beach.  My body felt like it was on fire and I could see my entire chest move with my heart beat. 
I've lost two close family members this way. Not the exact same living situation, but same behavior and end result. I'm sure if they were still around they would forgive you and know you were right not to let them take advantage of you. I hope you're taking care of yourself and are able to let go of feeling guilt, I know sometimes it's hard. 
It is so important what you said, "Its easier to cope with the loss if there is some sort of scapegoat" this applies to SO many situations in life.   For example, I got dumped because there was someone else is easier to accept than I got dumped because I was not the one he wanted.   
His mother doing that, and in such a timely manner given what she was coping with, is a testament to how great of a person she is. And I bet her son, your friend, was too.   I'm sorry for your loss. And you are definitely not to blame. You doing any more than just telling him to call it a night just isn't realistic. What else could you have really done in what was a normal night to you? Nothing, and suggesting he go home was going above and beyond in itself. In this life, people are gonna do what they want no matter the advice given.  
Fuck the media, they always make up shit. You were definitely not at fault here.  
I had a Spanish teacher in high school that was an anesthesiologist in Brazil before he moved to the US and told us about this happening. When they intubate someone they will gag when you're taking it out then if they ate or drank they will puke and immediately aspirate it back to their lungs and basically drown.  
My dad's a cardiologist and he calls this the "door stop". He's been practicing for almost 50 years, and says when someone is leaving his office, if they hesitate for even a fraction of a second at the door as they leave the exam room and don't sneeze, there's something they didn't tell you and you need to calmly figure out what it is.  
But surely they should have warned you, and told you to turn him on his side if he choked? If you weren't there, it would have happened either way. If they had some kind of baby monitor, shouldnt  they have come in to check on him? They probably blame themselves but took it out on you as a coping mechanism.  
My god, I had someone like that in front of me yesterday. Guy was driving a small moped with loosely fitting shoes. We come to an intersection where right of way is going left instead of straight ahead or right. This idiot makes a full stop, brakes screeching on his stupid little machine, to let a cab pass through that didn't even have right of way coming from the left. Actually, not coming in or rolling, no, standing, while waiting his turn.  If I hadn't paid attention, or any of the other 10 or so drivers behind me hadn't, this guy would have most likely been reared and the cab might have just t-boned one of us. 
I mean, as a random person on the internet I just feel sorry for you. It's like you were chopping onions as a chef, at your workplace which is a normal thing for people to do where you are at, and someone threw a person on top of you and that person got stabbed. Like, what could you do, you tried with your human reflexes, and it wasn't enough for that time. I don't know how anyone could blame you. 
You likely did him a huge favor. If I ever end up in a nursing home I hope someone will be there for me to do the exact same thing. Once all the quality of one's life is gone, remaining on earth is sheer torture. 
oh god i am so sorry. how is your relationship nowadays? 
That doesn't seem like a great age to learn that. Did it have a negative impact on you and would you rather not know it? 
I mean, if they were familiar and capable enough with Arduino to make a bomb using it, then it probably wasn't the only Arduino bomb they had made. Seems unlikely that it was the same one.   Not to mention that they would have created a bomb either way. 
Believe me, I learned all of that after this. I was zone lead, but I didn't have that much experience with it. I had certainly never received rank-based push back. Usually there some kind of met reasoning to go along with the "i don't want that in the forecast". I never let anyone control a forecast like that after this. I'm still livid that this had to occur for me to learn that lesson. And I've been on both sides. I know how shitty it is to tell the CC "hey, the weather will be straight awful for the next 12 hours. Things need to get covered and the area your critical missions are in is going to be unflyable." No one wants to hear that. But I'd rather take the heat in the moment and have no one get killed versus changing the forecast and sending dudes into a storm. 
I've thought about every possible thing that could've happened differently and that one has been hard to think about. I wish I saw him one more time since I just turned around and he was gone but seeing him go under would be too much for me.  
As someone raised with guns who owns multiple this is me even to the annoyance of others. I can unload the gun myself and hand it to someone to look at and if they point it near me I will scold them.  
Yeah, the main red flag is the arms. They don't thrash or wave, they instinctively slap the water horizontally, like they're imitating a bird. You can sort of tell that they have no control over their body, that they've just completely focused on not going under. 
When you are in trouble in the water youre supposed to raise your arm with a closed fist so it doesnt look like you are waving. There needs to be more info about this sort of thing. 
my mom was murdered and I was there and a week later when I went back to school everyone was asking me questions and the news made up shit saying she was hit by a baseball bat to the head. We didn't even own a baseball bat he just used his fists and punched her in the temple but yeah media is retarded. 
I agree theres a look that patients get if youre watching closely. I had a guy in a similar situation, denied with his wife there. He looked a little funny. Was going to apply nitro paste which wouldve been a similar effect. Didnt order paste, sent spouse on fools errand: guy had seen a prostitute the night before, hed used viagra.   Had i not been looking right at em, id have missed it, and im pretty sure he wouldve lied.  
Me: Do you have any medical problems?  78 year old Patient: Nope. None.  Me: What do you take the Lipitor,  Coumadin and Metformin for?  78 year old Patient: For my High Cholesterol, Afib, I have had a heart attack, PE. Oh and I'm diabetic.  
Balance and falls in general are so overlooked by people in good health. Living in the Northeast, I probably slip on ice 3-4 times a week during the winter. Another 20 years and that slip that I regained my balance on is me falling on my ass. Another 20 years after that and that's a broken hip.  
That makes sense it was just hard to process as death I understood but hadn't experienced it on a personal level and felt liable for the kid in the situation, i guess it was the parents fault in the end 
It's true, after all quality of life is gone, every day is Hell. My father dealt with MS and Tinitus for a long long time waiting until my big brother and I were grown enough to understand and living our own lives before he took his.  He was unhappy for atleast a decade.  He went out with some dignity, he knew he wasn't getting any better.  Still, the best man I've ever known. 
Uh... so in an unrelated incident 4 years ago right before I graduated high school, my parents kinda, for the lack of a better phrase, kicked me out? I wasn't able to do very well in programming like I had wanted and didn't build the prerequisites to go to UBC, and they basically went ballistic and never want to see me again.   I'm living alone right now, and my parents haven't responded to my contact attempts since. I'm not sure if they're even in the country any more.  
It actually better knowing,  my mom and I have had a complicated relationship,  She said that she loved me(like any mom would) but could tell there was some form of resentment and its better knowing where the resentment came from  
Well I think there are other sources. After all, the Taliban seem to have access to all sorts of weapons, so I don't think an open-source microcontroller would be too difficult for then to get their hands on. 
I do hope you're able to forgive your eight year old self. Your cousin wouldn't want you to feel bad forever.  
If I ever hand someone my gun I always double check to make sure it's unloaded then before I hand it to them I tell them to keep it pointed at the ground and act like it's loaded. Safety is key.  
honestly I'm a lifeguard and I've never heard that. That's really good advice.  
The media has a tendacy to juice up the unverifiable details. 
Yup, healthy as a horse. No reason to be seeing me. Good day, sir. 
Most suicidal people don't want to leave a mess. But sometimes you just can't think of any other way. And depression changes your mind. When you go into a depressive fugue it's like the whole world is literally gray and grainy. The person in your head isn't you anymore. 
My father passed in 2013. He had MS and had completely lost all use of his body in the 10 years before he died. He used to tell me that it took everything he had in him not to ride his electric wheelchair into traffic while he could still use his hand. I was young and selfish and thought it was horrible for him to say that. Now that I'm a little older I am a huge advocate of assisted suicide. I don't want anyone to suffer the way he did. Sorry to hear about your dad, I understand why he chose what he did and I love that you still admire him!  
How'd you afford to live?  Sorry to hear all that. :( 
I can see that. It would be better to know in that case.  
The number of NYC taxi drivers with graduate degrees from their home countries is really rather astounding.  
I would add one should also disclose herbal or nontraditional medicines because some do interact with other  drugs. At one point, I used St John's Wort, and because I had heard of some interactions, I made a point of always disclosing. I also found that even the more skeptical health professionals would still rather know everything a patient is taking. 
Jumping in front of a train was honestly one of the leading ideas I had when I was having suicidal thoughts.  I **never** wanted to leave any kind of mess for anyone, but I figured that with a train, at least my parents wouldn't have to see it and try to clean up.  They'd also not have to live around the area where I'd died.  Those were very big positives in the "death by train" column for me.  Plus the fact that it could give them hope that it was a tragic accident, if that helped them cope. 
Yeah....particularly a dick move when it's the boyfriend of a girl who just fucking died. As if that guy doesn't have enough on his plate. Like all the guilt of not moving his girl, or being more careful about crossing the street or any of that.   
My boyfriend manages a movie theater and one of his employees is a Pakistani immigrant with a master's degree in mechanical engineering. Can't get a job in his field at all. 
Thank you for that; as a pharmacist I'd like to point out that taking St John's Wort with common medications like antidepressants can potentially cause serotonin poisoning, seizures and death. Considering it's a natural, over the counter supplement used to TREAT depression (amongst other things), the amount of people who begin taking it to help their mood and don't think about how it will affect their other medications is astounding 
Had a prime view of a woman jumping right in front of a train. I was standing about one a half meters from her when she jumped onto the tracks in front of a train that was like 5 meters close.  She managed to lay down on the rail so she didn't make as much mess as if she'd get hit by the train itself.     Pretty much cleanly cut in half, made it past the first set of wheels. Must have instantly blacked out from pain, because she only got one short scream out.  Reason? Issues with her partner.  Aftermath? Train traffic stopped for a few hours, police got there first, then firemen, then paramedics (essentially just drew sticks which one of them is going to pronounce her dead), railway firemen (half an hour drive), railway inspection (about 45 minutes drive). And of course they needed to get the people from the train to their destinations.  And last, but not least she left behind two teenage children.  &nbsp;  Also one part is still bugging me. She marked her ticket right before me.  
I'm sure the cops did it to relieve the liability from OP who has to deal with having accidentally killed someone.  It  would help him if it went to trial had the family sued civilly. It would remove at least a portion of the responsibility from OP.  It sucks but it's part of the process.    
You've got a really level head and good outlook. Harbouring a grudge does you no good. Keep on pushing forward and working towards your goals. Best of luck in life man. PS shout-out to BC! 
no kidding - like textbook. From another Canadian, hope things are goin alright mon frere.  
A friend of mine was a paramedic and arrived at the scene to find a woman cleanly decapitated some old school street trolley with steel train like wheels, they had no ideas where her head was and like 15 minutes later they found it in her purse. She put her purse on her head laid in front of the trolley got chopped then the purse rolled away and snapped closed in an alley. He was a long time emt so he wasn't even mad he was just impressed  
Was she disabled? I don't see any other reason besides that for not being able to just do it herself. Or maybe she had some kind of traumatic freak out doing it herself so he tried and got freaked out too? I don't know. 
Way to stop a secret agent you dick. Mr. Hoover is going to be pissed when he finds out you foiled his plans    
How does one "do it right"? I'm genuinely curious.  
This has some twisted backwards karma going on. Let a murderous psychopath go, then a murderous psychopath lets him go.  
Supervisor be like "It says here he's a donor... We really need brains" 
An overlooked sign of abuse, I feel, is when a kid is way too mature and cool-headed for their age. That 12-year-old knew exactly what to do and how to protect her brother from the sight - which means she either had to do so before, or was mentally prepared for the possibility. 
Wow.  To think that this could have been how I ended up. Except I survived my time in the dumpster and was rescued weighing 2 lb.  Thank you guys for what you do. 
yikes, this one is awful and would've been so creepy to see in person. 
One of my work colleagues was on jury duty for a case where a lady of the evening died on the freeway after falling out of a pickup truck. The driver's defense was that "out of nowhere, for no reason, she just opened the door and jumped out while we were in the middle of the freeway."   
It's one thing to want to take your own life, but how dare you take someone else with you. 
She stared a literal dagger at you and you just went on by? Damn. 
god damn...that sounds weird as fuck. i didn't know blood did that either. 
I was at the hospital drunk as hell at like 2am a couple months ago (went to the bars with some friends and a female friend got drugged and no one wanted to take her to the hospital). I hear a lot of noise so I open the curtain and there's a guy covered in blood. According to the nurse he was high on Meth and picked huge chunks of skin off and cut himself. If I was any more intoxicated you could have convinced me the zombie apocalypse was happening just by the looks of him.  
Oh man, I bet they hung themselves in the attic so their kids didn't walk in on that sight. 
Burglar/necrophiliac was pretending to be a corpse and ran out when you weren't looking.  Or the start of the next Mummy movie. 
See, I do my best not to be an overprotective parent, then I read shit like this. 
What was the outcome? If you could still smell the alcohol the person must have still been around. 
"Attention pumpkinfucker!  Do you need assistance?!" 
You know it's going to happen, but I wonder how the dogs handle this psychologically on the back end given the pack/owner relationship? 
This is the reason my 4 year old knows the proper words. And I am thankful for it since she was able to tell me a couple months ago that her older half brother had put a Nerf bullet up her vagina.         The matter has been investigated and is being dealt with.    She has not been to her fathers house since the incident happened.       ETA - in the thread below there is more information about the incident.      I am done for the night on responding as I have now given my self a headache from thinking about it and need to just unwind and not think about the situation for a bit.     Thank you all for your support and kind words.    
When you say he was resisting. Do you mean he was trying to assert his dominance? 
that's enough internet for today. How fucking sickening and tragic.  
Having been on the other side of that, I gotta say your mind illogically defaults to "not mine" faster than you can weigh the consequences of confessing. You know how that's going to go, you know resistance is futile, you know it's better to confess and accept that you've been busted...but no way, that's not yours. 
That was one of my questions as well. Rural areas are wired like that 
He didn't foil his plans!  Can't you read?  *The kid took the cake.*  In and out of the White House kitchen in a flash, stealing Joey Biden's secret cake stash (that he had to hide from Michelle because she only allowed them to keep healthy food in there).  Mission success.  The only "foil" here was that in which the cake was wrapped to stay fresh. 
When the S.W.A.T. team has to destroy a wall because they can't get through your barricade, you've done it correctly. 
And a heart... and courage... and a way back to Kansas. 
I've just started dispatching, and I've always been hesitant about therapy. Not anymore, I'm signing up for the next doctor that will take me lol 
No one believes you when you tell this to people in real life. All of the oldest brothers on my dad's side have had the same ring with a ruby and a diamond and all of them have died under the age of 55. We tried to get rid of it after my dad died at 45 (we were going to throw it in the hudson), but for some reason everyone wants to tempt fate and my uncle has it. 
Wow! I'm really glad you're ok! Having a rough start into life like that has to leave you feeling that you can handle anything. Look at what you've already been through and survived. I hope you have great life. Thanks for speaking up. 
It sucked for sure. In the days/weeks that followed an autopsy was performed. The results indicated that the baby had been born dead. The mother had disposed of the body to keep her boyfriend from knowing she was pregnant. The town I work for named the baby, paid for the funeral, and held a nice service.  
Isn't that adequate for "beyond a reasonable doubt"? People *do* jump out of vehicles at highway speeds occasionally. 
Agreed. This is insane. No unit in it's right might would ask an officer to help dispose of a family member. 
None of us were sure what to make of it. I was firmly of the opinion that she was just severely mentally ill but one of the paramedics was looking round the house for some of this magic powder... 
Hi pay me thousands of dollars and I too will happily pee somewhere in your house! 
A kid in my home town laid his head on the tracks bc he tweeted he was gonna kill himself and someone responded saying he didn't have the balls or some shit. Ppl are fucked up. 
Also, helmets nowadays are made to break or crack, nullifying their use later, but it's basically forcing the helmet to take all the shock. So a super hard impact I can imagine just obliterating the helmet, and the head having bruises from the straps and shit, but hopefully not skull damage. I'm surprised his spine and neck were in good enough shape for him to walk around and bend over, even massively fucked up on adrenaline and shock.  
First big car wreck I worked as an EMT, the senior medic gave me the duty of mopping out the ambulance. Blood coagulation is a strange thing. It reminded me of hair like jello. Very strange 
Hopefully. My FIL hanged himself after sending a text to his son to come find him, because dude has always hated his kid.   Heaven forbid you have a kid and don't want it. No reason to make his life a living hell for the next few decades.  
Yeah OP. I need to know how the hell that happened. It sounds terrifying for those children. 
"Hey, let's see what happens if we stand in this shallow pool and hit our heads against each other as hard as we can" 
The best form of protection is education. Make sure that your kids know how to spot a potentially dangerous situation and what to do in one rather than attempting to keep them away from anything dangerous. 
Yea but then why the hell didn't she just say, "HEY LOOK OUT! THERE'S SOMEONE RIGHT THERE?!"  lol  
Man I dunno what the fuck you said, but I like the way you said it. 
We towed the truck, ran the plates, got his home address, and found him there. Did the usual "I have no idea why my truck was out there" routine. Not much we could do. But I saw his truck in impound for months after that. Guess he couldn't afford to get it out. 
Yeah that's nasty. I've seen milk squirt from a dead lady's boob about 6 feet across the room too. 
10 year old me used to wander into the fields surrounding town just to explore those untilled forest patches.   Every farm near town appeared to have one.      You'd find ruins of old buildings,  and ponds filled with frogs.  Abandoned tents, and collections of shopping carts with random objects like blankets and tv's in them.        10 year old me was adventurous,  but none to bright...   
You'd be amazed at how well people manage to justify their beliefs and/or actions to themselves to the point where they fully believe what they're doing is OK. And of course, some of them know it's inexcusable but don't care, in which case they're acting like outraged victims to put on a show of innocence and make it harder for the police to do their job. 
Everyone is a little shocked that I told my (at the time) almost 3 year old about boys' and girls' anatomy using the proper terms. But here's the thing, to him there are no bad connotations to those words. They are just words like any other words, they describe things. He had questions and he was calling some parts in words that he had invented, so it was important to explain. Anatomy is not shameful. 
My parents don't sugar coat anything. I learned that a peepee was a penis pretty early. Because of that, I was able to tell my mom that another boy showed his penis to me during class, in the first grade, when she picked me up after school and asked me if anything interesting happened. She was able to talk to the teacher about it the same day.  At the same time we also never believed in Santa Claus because our parents also didn't sugar coat that either lol. And it was pretty well known that the tooth fairy was just parents stuffing money under your pillow...yeah, they made no illusions with us. Thats probably why we're godless heathens too lol.  
It could even be -your- cat! O_O  You know. If you adopted in Michigan.  
Infrared body cams need to be standard so we don't have to wonder like this.  
Yeah you are supposed to put red flags on the wire for exactly this reason. 
He's lucky he didn't accidentally shoot himself in the hand. 
It honestly sounded human to me. I can't quite describe it but it sounded just like what you'd think whispering sounds like.   Maybe both was caused by wind. Or maybe animals. And it probably has a simple explanation, but I WANT to believe it was a ghost telling us to get the fuck out. It'd be so cool if ghosts and shit actually existed.  
I know a girl who was left alone at 5 and told 'not to give the kitten a bath." Well being 5-years-old that is the first thing she did when her mom left. Her mom called a while later and said she was on her way home. The girl got scared because she hadn't listened, and attempted to dry the kitten in the microwave so her mom wouldn't find out that she had bathed it.  Her mom definitely found out when she came home to *that*   
I went to the bar for a buddy's birthday. Bought him a shot and a beer and did 1 shot with him and headed home after about an hour . Cop pulled me over for a blowm brakelight after following my from the bar. Told him I had 1 shot. Argued with methat he knew it was more blah blah blah. Finally said look get your breathylizer(sp?) and blew into it. Result: 000. Then accused me of lieing to him about drinking.  Why the hell would I say I drank at all if I didn't? Im 300 lbs and had 1 shot an hour ago. He was super pissed. So sometimes I have just had 1 or 2 is the truth. 
I thought maybe the guy had regular fires or had some sort of wood burning stove so seeing smoke wouldn't have been *that* weird? Idk. I live in the Midwest so our neighbors would've been down at the first sign or smoke.  
I am wondering how she knew how to do that..like, had she had a lot practice 
Interesting that the mom watched her husband get killed for doing something, then immediately did the same thing. 
The more you believe something is going to happen, the more the chances raise. For example, my grandpa said he would die at 73, just like his dad did.  RIP Grandpa 1928-2001 
Holy shit. That is one hell of a blindside. :(  I was suicidal last year and I tried to tell my gf most of what I was going through, even though I knew it hurt her a lot. I didn't want to make up my mind one day and have it hit her out of the blue.   On a positive note: I've never been happier in my life than I am right now and we have a vacation planned early next month.  
I'm both not drunk enough and way too drunk for this shit right now. I can't explain it but this thread is freaking me out. 
Its not exactly easy to throw someone out of a car while you are driving.  
I believe you.  Ive watched a demonstration of a helicopter and K9 unit.  "Perp" starts off running across a field, helicopter comes down hovering a few feet off the ground, door opens and this GS just explodes out of the copter at a frightening speed after the guy.  "A missile with teeth" is the best way I could describe it 
I'm really curious as to how widespread child pornography is. Someone once told me something about one website having 12,000 pictures posted in a day. I feel naive saying this but it seemed so shocking. It felt like a brick wall to the face of realization just how many images there may be in existence. I know it's global but how many people are trading images and how many images are there? What percentage of the global population has this issue touched, either as a consumer or a victim? 
Well, if the powder had worked in the past, then it's possible that it had a placebo effect and that it might have worked this time as well. 
I am so happy I graduated right before the digital age got going. In 2003 we had livejournal and the internet was still mostly for nerds. Texting cost per message so few people did it(I sent my first one the summer after grad) and few people had cell phones. I can't imagine going through that shit with facebook and everybody texting. 
The first time a chunk of coagulated blood fell off a patient it reminded me of canned cranberries at thanksgiving.   Couldn't eat at thanksgiving a few months later because it just all came back  
I had a turbinate reduction where they stick a long needle up your nose and electrocute the offending tissue and was sitting there talking to my son's godfather when the dead tissue sloughed off and came down my throat.  Good times.  Good times.  
Bruh. I don't even want to imagine waking up in a hospital not knowing why I was blind.  
From what info OP gave us, I think the husband may have gotten drunk and raped the wife. 
"what do you do?"   "oh, I work at a funeral home."   "cool! So what do you do there?"   "oh, I'm just the serial killer. You know how it is, just trying to *make* *ends* *meet*."   
Why do you use flashlights in this situation as opposed to just using the lights of the building?  Seems like it would just make your current position super obvious while enabling someone to hide from you and avoid you. 
And even if you do that... Children will be Children. Damn how many times I did stupid stuff my mom explicitly told me not to do... 
I'm throwing out anything with a hood in my little ones room.  Your poor friend :(  There is never a recovery from this   
I always stick my fingers in my ears and hum loudly to drown out warnings yelled from upstairs windows.  Keep it real, you know? 
At least he didn't end up over the cliff. This happened to an aquaintence of mine. Guy got sloshed and on his way home up a very rural winding road stopped to take a piss and went over the edge. The cops had his truck towed and 6 days later, after his girlfriend sobered up enough to realize he was missing, he was found dead there.  
I think the worst are the accidents. Everything else, the offender in some capacity chose what to become and even though it's sad we know why. But the accidents, you have no control over it, and then you've become a monster. 
When I was younger me and my friends would build little forts in the woods. Every time we'd go back there would be Tim cans and blankets inside. Bums would take over our forts! 
thats too flattering for these people. we need to develop a technology that lets them breath and stay alive in space so they can forever suffer in the cold, dark, soundless vacuum of space 
Here is my elbow. I have a penis/vagina. There. Simple. The bonus is that it isn't funny or exclusive, so there is no attraction to use it in silly or naughty ways. It seems to have worked fine. 
100% agree. Supernatural denizens would feel a lot safer if there was video evidence documenting police interactions. 
Mono got doxxed.  he backed up all of his posts into Word Docs and the nuked his account.    I got injured on the job almost three years ago and have spent the last three years fighting the workman's comp insurance company, my employer, and the State Retirement Board. I'm still having medical procedures trying to get back to the road that I'm paying for myself. Currently I'm about $5,000 out of pocket after insurance. I've been riding the desk for the last two-and-a-half years. Unfortunately there aren't very many exciting stories that come from riding the desk for two and a half years. I'm hoping to be cleared for full Duty by mid July so hopefully the stories will start up again. 
The probable explanation here is that what you saw is a common occurrence in abandoned mines 
Since OP said her dad sexually abused her I'd assume she figured it out while hiding from him. 
"What are you gonna do? Stab me?!" - words of man stabbed.  
Before you get a quarrel in the guts while you're in the privy.  
I wish he had said something. We were together for a long time & I had dealt with my own fair share of depression the first, I'd say 3 years of our relationship. I would have understood and he had to know that. I would like to think that he did at least. Unfortunately for everyone involved, he never said anything and ultimately it did cost him his life.  I'm so very glad with how amazing things in your life seem to be though, and I wish you all of the best in your future. Have an amazing time on your vacation!  
Holy shit that sounds badass. I'd love to see that. 
It's rampant. Honestly, in my experience, we only arrested the 'low hanging fruit.' There are some complicated, sophisticated CP-rings where you can only get into their circle/network by bringing in new manufactured CP content. Those were some of the most intense, labor-filled investigations that spider webbed the fuck out. Never ending cases.  
Yep, grab some baby powder, or go outside and burn some paper to ash and use that. You'd have to make a show of it, and be very serious and convincing. Unfortunately, her calming reaction might be triggered by a ceremony or ritual that you may not know. 
I helped with a support group for pregnant women and new moms for awhile. I was there because I'd survived dealing with severe antepartum depression. One of the other support mamas had survived severe post partum psychosis. She had no history of mental health issues. After her son was born she just lost it. Her husband was home for brief leave and he had to call her parents to move her all the way from Alaska (I think? It was somewhere crazy far away) to Maryland so they could keep her and their son safe and her in treatment while he deployed. His "holy shit this is serious" moment was when he woke up to her crying that their son's "chest is bad and he won't be able to breathe" (he had bony and odd shaped ribs) but if she could "just open him up, everything could be back together and he'd live"   She's okay now. She said she didn't fully get back to normal though until after their son had his first birthday.  
This surprised me when I turned 12. I don't know about other girls and may be tmi, but it's something I see almost monthly if you know what I mean.  
Job security. That guy's got upper management written all over him.  
I've always wondered the same thing as well. I always yell at the tv during crime dramas when they don't turn the lights on when they could and the serial killer gets the upper hand, kidnaps a team member, then holds them hostage for five minutes until they get sniped in the head. 
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something. 
If not a hood, then it could just as easily be falling wrong and hitting your head on the curb, or the corner of a table, or even just the floor.  Human beings can be remarkably resilient creatures. We can survive some insane things, but we are also remarkably fragile. Sometimes all it takes is a forceful bump in the wrong spot.    
I play with the screen off and just sense everything using the speakers.   
It took her SIX DAYS to sober up?? I can't even imagine being that drunk for that long... 
A father-son domestic dispute over stolen money ended this way 3 blocks down from my newly purchased house last year, dad stole the kids cash and the kid pulled a gun, dad asks him "what are you gonna do,shoot me?"... Yep 3 times and then steal his car and go on a high speed chase. Pretty crazy for a small Indiana town. 
Thorn has made this program where they are penetrating the dark web now to try and save victims of child porn/slavery. Ashton Kutcher founded it.  
Does her son have any idea? How old is he for that matter? How about your own child(ren)? 
You know how sometimes people can hear music in whatever random sounds.  I wonder if sometimes the random sounds can seem like words and whether people's brains are more likely to interpret random sounds as words if there an imbalance of some kind going on because I had a similar experience, kind of.    I was tired and driving my family down the road.  I kept hearing something like a cop on a loudspeaker saying, "Pull over."  There was no cop but I keep hearing it.  Finally, it dawns on me that I still have my wipers on and as they move over the window, they are making a sound that sounded like somebody saying "Pull over."  I was just tired.  I can imagine if a person has some sort of imbalance preventing them from thinking straight on top of having random sounds seem like words.   
Suddenly the image in my head became less gruesome. Thought it was something entirely different happening.  
Jesus H Christ. Most kid stuff I can understand but that is legitimately stupid, lmao 
"So what I'm hearing is I'm getting a promotion?"       "No, you're getting arrested." 
Life will eat you up if you can't laugh at its horror sometimes.  
Absolutely. I had a high speed motorcycle accident (triple digits) and survived with severe road rash, broken metacarpals and concussion. While I was undergoing PT, my therapist had a friend fall off the back of a bike traveling less than 30mph, hit her head on the curb and died. The major difference is I was wearing a full-face helmet and she wasn't wearing anything on her head. I've been a hardcore advocate for safety equipment since. 
Well if they were legitimate/full-on alcoholics, then days can go by unnoticed if it's a bad binge. 
lol me too, I was picturing something way more grotesque than period clots 
Wow I thought the clumps were just chunks of uterine lining. I'm not sure what's worse to be honest. 
I put by brother in a cardboard box and started stabbing it with a screwdriver. 
In my experience the uterine lining has more of a thin, *tissue* like texture to it, whereas the blood is like gloopy jello.  
TIL that Human Centipede is actually a form of net 
My buddy did this to me so I replied "boo" and he said "boo who?" Nervously as things were no going to plan for him.  "Aw are you crying because I fucked up your joke?" 
What did the mexican boy say to his father who left to the city? Ciudad 
What do you call a Mexican that lost his car?  Carlos 
You want to hear a clean joke?  A man took a bath with bubbles.  Want to hear the dirty joke? Bubbles is a man. 
They say at one point he supported a family of four 
I once breed a bulldog and a shitzu together. I called it a bullshit.  
I told my friend that her eyebrows were too high on her head. She looked surprised. 
My thesaurus arrived yesterday, but when I opened it it was blank inside. I have no words to describe how angry I am. 
Where do generals keep their armies? In their sleevies.  
What's E.T. short for?  Because he's only got little legs! 
Why do elephants paint their nuts red?   So they can hide in cherry trees.  What's the loudest noise in the jungle?   A chipmunk eating cherries. 
What do you call a cow with no legs? - Ground beef.  What do you call a cow with three legs? - Lean beef.  What do you call a cow with two legs? - Your mother.  It gets people every time  
This one confused me as a kid and i always retold it where the rabbit says yes.  You know, because if shit doesnt stick to his fur, he doesnt make for a very good asswipe 
What's large and grey and if fell out of a tree would kill you?  A car park. 
A boat off the coast of Germany sends an SOS, "We're sinking, we're sinking!" The coastguard responds after a few seconds, "Okaaay, vaht are you sinking about?" 
Two soldiers are in a tank. One looks at the other and says "GLUB GLUB GLUB" 
You might know, but there is a much longer version of this joke. It is my favourite joke. The reactions you get from the punchline are worth however long you make the buildup.  
I've always heard the more subtle, "Two men walk into a bar but the third man ducks."  I like the knock knock set-up though. 
Similar one:   What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?   Can't wash your hands in a buffalo.  
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?  Wiped. 
"We're you in the boat when the boat tipped over?"  "No. I was in the water." 
I wonder how many people read this as "day-tah" first and got confused. Nice one~ 
Knock knock  Who's there?  Europe  Europe who?  No, YOU'RE a poo!  
What's green and has wheels?  Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
*starts laughing*  *puts vibrating hand through chest* 
Two cows are standing in a field   First cow says, "Moooo"   Second cow says, "Dang it! I was just about to say that"   
I like my women like I like my coffee.  Covered in bees! 
I remember watching this in Sesame Street. Is it Bert and Ernie?  
Oh god, I'm sorry people of reddit, I need an ELI5 D:  To say sorry have a joke:  I laugh three times at a joke, Once when it is told, Once when it is explained to me, Then 3 hours later when i get it 
This I like. Here's mine:  How can you fit four elephants into a Mini Cooper? Two in the front, two in the back.  How do you kill a blue elephant? With a blue elephant gun.  How do you kill a red elephant? With a red elephant gun.  How do you kill a pink elephant? You choke it 'til it's blue, and you shoot it with a blue elephant gun.  How can you tell if there's an elephant in your refrigerator? Because there's tracks in the butter.  How can you tell if you have two elephants in your refrigerator? You can hear them giggling.  How can you tell if there are three elephants in your refrigerator? Because the door closes, but only just.  How can you tell if you have four elephants in your refrigerator? Because there's a Mini Cooper parked outside. 
Nice try, German. You'll never develop your own weaponized joke. 
I like to use Interrupting Starfish and then stick my spread out hand on their face.  Works better in person  
A snake walks into a bar.  The bartender says, "How'd you do that?" 
Where does Napoleon keeps his armies? In his sleevies.   Where does Hitler keep his armies? In Poland.  
Who is James Bond's favorite bartender?  Michael J. Fox. 
We are number one but the net is a human centipede 
You're not supposed to get knocked up on a first date. 
What did the Indian kid say to his mother before leaving for school? Mumbai. 
You sure? Every Mexican I've ever known without a car has been Joaquin.  
There are a series of jokes where a hard hearing genie or stammering wisher messes up a wish.  A ten-inch pianist is a common punch line.  This is an anti-joke version of that, you expect the man to have messed up his last wish and ended up with an orange for a head; but really he just made a stupid wish.  
I forgot to tell the wife I replaced the bed with a trampoline. She hit the roof. 
I think I'll look it up in my dictionary. Shit, it's also blank inside, what is the meaning of this? 
Why did the general get kicked out of the army? For playing with his privates 
Which leg is longer on a stork?     They're equally long, especially the left.   So why are they so long?   So it can reach the ground. 
This is how I operate too.  If a funeral ever comes up in conversation - or if you pass a graveyard - ask your friends if they've heard about the new trend in the burial industry towards glass coffins. They'll say no. Tell them that it's still early stage - no one knows if they'll catch on - remains to be seen. 
What do you do with an elephant with three balls?  Walk him and pitch to the rhino.  
I checked the guys comment history and he said it was a sinkhole, 2km and muddy at the bottom so no sound got out.  Miraclously they popped down and got the man's goat back later that afternoon. 
I don't know if they are gay or not, I never asked. 
What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no dick? - Still no fucking eye-deer. 
Fun fact, red paint is typically colored with iron oxide (rust) so it typically smells like, well, rust. 
Robin Hood: My goldfish goldie?   Blinkin: Eaten by the cat.   Robin Hood: ...my cat?   Blinkin: Choked on the goldfish. 
Those two jokes never fail at parties. Single handedly paved my way to the alcohol. 
One snowman turns to the other and says, "Can you smell carrots?" 
You've had the main reason answered, keeping orientation in the water and being gentler on your equipment, but I find the Giant Step method better.  Instead of flopping backward where you can't see anything, you  just take one really big step off the back of the boat such that your tank won't bang anything on the way down.  You hold your mask and regulator against your face with one hand and cross the other in front of your body.    It only works on boats that have some sort of platform to walk off of.  Dive boats are always set up like this in my experience, but sometimes you're diving a spot where you can't take a big boat and the backward entry is easier.    
So he's going to grow up and get into one of those "France is Bacon" scenarios.  
Hi, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.    Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?    Yes, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.    OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke.    OK, I'll hear a TCP joke.    Are you ready to hear a TCP joke?    Yes, I am ready to hear a TCP joke.    OK, I'm about to send the TCP joke. It will last 10 seconds, it has two characters, it does not have a setting, it ends with a punchline.    OK, I'm ready to hear the TCP joke that will last 10 seconds, has two characters, does not have a setting and will end with a punchline.    I'm sorry, your connection has timed out... ...Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke? 
This one just confuses the hell out of people and it's fantastic. They start only to quickly realize their error. It's basically just a joke for you, and annoying and confusing for the other person.  
Two whales are in a bar and the first whale says: "Aooooooooooohhhhhhhhhooooooooooaaaaaaaaooooooooaaoooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaoooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,"  The second whale says: "Go home Jerry, you're drunk."  
And then she leaned forward off the boat and fell into a well she hadn't seen. 
Hey Bert  Hey Ernie  Hey Bert, why you got bananas in your ears?  To keep the crocodiles away from Sesame Street.  But Bert, there are no crocodiles on Sesame Street.  See, it works!  This is how I remember it anyway.  
That's what's good about this joke.  I was laughing out loud long before the punchline, which is almost superfluous.  Unlike most punchlines which include a twist, this punchline just tells you that there's no twist coming and the situation is as absurd as it sounds. 
My best friend told me his story telling a time waster joke that spanned several days. He was telling his friends the joke and started with a back story. He was simply telling his story of what happened on one day; woke up, took a bath, went on a few public transports to go to work, what he did at work, went grocery shopping after work, went home, cleaned up and changed to go to a party in the evening. Now all of those complained about having to queue up on a long line, just told events that forced him to basically. It was when he arrived at the party that he got thirsty and was looking for something to drink. He found a table containing a fruit punch bowl. He finished the joke with: "Thank goodness there was no punchline."  One would need some story telling skills to keep the audience interested and, in my friend's case, ask for a continuation the next day or so. Anywho, his friends don't trust his stories anymore after that. 
Can confirm. Just tried to tell someone at work and the whole office was laughing at me, laughing. 
there is nothing more.  There are no deep meanings or hidden punchlines.  There is literally nothing there but a guy flailing his arms and nodding his head. 
It's funny because it makes no sense at all.  It has all the proper set up of a joke, and on the surface it seems like it could be a coherent, funny joke, but when you think about it, it makes absolutely no sense, and that confusion is the source of humor, primarily for the joke-teller when observing the puzzled look on people's faces. 
Either that or you found your mom's reddit account. 
How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator ? Open the door, put elephant inside, close the door.  How do you put an giraffe in the refrigerator ? Open the door, take out elephant, put giraffe inside, close the door.  The animal kingdom has a big convention, every animal must attend, who is missing ? The giraffe, it's still in the refrigerator.  You want to cross a river in which deadly alligators live, who eat anyone that gets near them, how can you safely cross it ? Just swim through, the alligators are at the animal convention. 
I think something travelling at 0.36c towards you is bad for much more than your teeth. 
My son likes to say:  Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the crazy person's house.   Knock knock!   (Me): Who's there?   The chicken!  
Judging by the size of his dick, I can probably take him. 
What do you call two mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan. 
or the swimming pool of wishes were the third guy slips while diving and yells "shit!" 
What do you call a cow with no legs?  Ground beef. 
One cannibal asked the other: "are you enjoying yourself?" His friend replied: " having a ball" 
Thank you for that. I can die peacefully in my sleep now. 
Whats pink and fluffy and doesnt move?  Freddie Mercurys slippers. 
Because people ignored you after telling them, thus letting you drink in peace? 
Sounds like some unpublished Dr. Seuss WWII propaganda.  One fish  Two fish  Red, white and  Blue fish  Make their way  On up the ranks  Killing Nazis  From their tanks 
Do you want to hear a heartbleed joke? It will be 1,000,000 characters long 
This one works best in person when you can draw out the first whale's vocalization for an absurdly long time. 
Frappe, frappe  Qui est la? Los.  Los qui? YES, THAT'S WHY I'M KNOCKING   
I'll never forget my grandfathers last words... "Stop shaking the ladder you little shit!" 
My favourite variant of this starts the joke with:  "There's a plane carrying a load of bricks and one fell out...waitasec, sorry, I fucked up the punchline on that one, lemme try another..."  Then you continue with the above series of jokes before finishing with:  "You die when you reach the other side anyway, why is this? You got hit by that brick from the plane." 
I told a variation of this joke (black knight on a black horse) to a friend at a bar once.   For forty five minutes.   He's still mad at me 
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb?  Just Juan 
quick, someone get an out-of-work dataviz journalist and make a map of how this joke ends in each state, then draw spurious conclusions from it 
What do you call a dog with no legs?  Doesn't matter, he won't come. 
Ya see? Elephants are too good at hiding in the jungle 
The bear means to ask "Do you have any issue with shit sticking to your fur?" As in "do you mind if you have shit in your fur?"  The rabbit interpreted it the way you did.   In case you're still confused, which you probably aren't.  
The definition of Success is in the eye of the beer holder. 
Would you like to read a thwifhsjzwufuI448_!3("?48#9&02)15(fjwod 14+28* Segmentation fault. 
Then before you tell the drunk to go home, take a really deep breath like you're about to do the noise again  
I want to die peacefully in my sleep my GrandFather.  Not screaming and crying like his passengers. 
The one I tell is about a wasp, where the punch table is at his 25 year high school reunion. You get to tell the wasp's entire life story, rise from poverty to go to college, his struggle with amphetamines, triumphal graduation, navigating his 20's, falling in love, and so on. Easy to stretch this out over an hour. 
Yeah, forget the punchline, I actually like reading it as a short story.  
I'm not a journalist and don't know anything about data visualization but I am unemployed and have Microsoft paint so I can probably do it  
What do you call an epileptic in a pile of leaves?  Russell 
I tried this and I can't stop laughing while I'm doing the long whale noise so I just look like a moron making awooga noises while laughing his ass off in between. 
Yeah, the version I always hear/tell involves him becoming an accomplished lawyer and war hero and eventually president of the United States before finally retiring and coming back to the hive. The wasp joke is so easy to expand forever. 
By the time you get to the end you're so invested you forgot you're reading a joke. 
have it on my desk by tomorrow morning and you're our new white house correspondent 
Is Sean Connery himself gilding you folks what is going on? 
Seriously. I took a toilet break halfway through and when I came back, I'd forgotten I was supposed to read a long joke, and thought I was reading another piece of internet fic. 
Great. There are at least five white houses on my street. I'll go knock on their doors and see what they have to say. 
I like the image of Sean Connery on a computer, reading this thread and going "Ha ha, good one! Have shome gold!" 
Yeah, it's not like he could have use the money he saved from dinner to pay for a movie ticket or something. 
I pictured this from the point of view of the soaring bagel for some reason 
That is someone who is on day 13 of their two week notice. 
Say what you want, but I respect that she saw she was acting like that, and instead of taking what her daughter told her as an insult, actually thought to give her grandson a good first bday and go cool off. Crazy, but self aware enough to know to go calm the hell down. 
That's correct. We don't care about your cheeseburger  
Plot twist: there's no sensor it's just a guy watching the cameras waiting for peak rage before he opens the gate. 
I hope their son grows up to be well adjusted and not follow in his parents footsteps and become a raging douchebag. I hope, but it's unlikely.  
a friend of mine feels this way about his GF's mother. She is legit batshit crazy. She makes passive aggressive comments to him if he is ever near her, and most of the time she just ignores his existence because in her mind, her daughter should be with some rich lawyer or doctor. But her real lunacy comes with her family. She treats her husband like a dog (even though he is the one holding her leash) and she started leveraging herself against her daughter so she would break up with my buddy. She stopped helping her pay fro nursing school, she took away the car that was in their name (even though her daughter paid for most of it), and during one of their arguments, she was riding with her mom and gets tired of her shit and told her to stop the car, she was getting out. The car comes to a stop, and she almost gets out, but her mom just floors it, almost knocking her out of the car. Total loony. 
I will never understand the people who try to buy coffee in the mornings and then complain they're going to be late when it's not ready in 2.5 seconds. At the Starbucks I go to, this happens every morning. It's like, dude, if waiting 2 minutes for your coffee is going to cause you to be late, you were already running late. It's not the employees' fault at that point.  
To be fair, the McDonalds near me literally never puts the sauce in the bag and i have to go back and ask for it everytime. Its frustrating, but hell, I'm not gonna act like a fucking 5 year old and assault people with it. Fuck that guy 
My daughter thinks it's the coolest thing in the world to see a dog with a job. It just blows her mind lol. She does know not to mess them.  
Hospitality industry nightmares. I work in a small boutique hotel with no security and a couple of years ago a guest had a nervous breakdown that lasted for about two hours. Her husband left her in the city center and she somehow couldn't get back to the hotel, started blaming us. Accused us all of being racist because she's Iraqi, accused the taxi driver of wanting to rape her, got in my face to the point I thought she was going to hit me. She was screaming so loudly the other guests locked themselves in their rooms.  It was the worst thing I have ever witnessed from a human being.  
The manager has some spectacular timing...almost like they were waiting until assface left. 
Doesn't sound that hard, I mean, $150, what could that be? Like 15 bananas?  
Being kind, polite, and reasonable to airline employees has always netted me the biggest favor payouts for literally the least amount of effort. Seriously.   
I don't know that I follow.  If they were both facing each other (head on?), why would one be trying to pass the other?  
When I worked as a cashier at a supermarket, our bag boy was sent to run and pick up a jar of jam for a customer ringing up who forgot to grab it ('cause he wasn't doing anything, she had a long order, and she had been decently nice thus far). When he brought it back it was apparently sugar free, and this pissed her off and she threw it at the customer service desk in anger and it exploded everywhere.   Also had several people go nutso and start throwing food when they got angry. Milk was the worst, followed by yogurt and glass items. Thankfully they never threw wine.   This was at a fancy grocery store too. In a nice part of town. People were just ridiculous occasionally.  
No doubt in my mind that he opened a few bags to cherry pick and stuff the one bag he was so insistent was sold by the the bunch as well. I know that type of shopper, that's why he got so pissed, all that effort for naught. 
fucking with airport security is typically a quick way to not get on your flight and be treated to a shiny new pair of steel bracelets. did she not get hauled away for this?  
I work with a rage-a-holic also. She snaps at everyone about the most miniscule things and management dismisses her bad behaviour because she's "had a hard life", but when I point out that half of the people in here have had a hard life and don't act like that, I'm the asshole.  
I can see that place pushing mild-mannered parents into full-on freakouts. Like, when I was a kid, I never understood why my mom and dad were total dicks on our big group family vacations to Florida - now that I've pulled a few family vacations as leadership (along with my wife), it's easier to see how the stress gets to you.   Throw in high expense and a well-intentioned pressure to provide your family with a total white-glove experience and I get why some people might freak out. Hell, I could see *myself* losing my shit in that heat/cost/general situation.  
Once that guy was sober, I'd insist that he pay everyone back, as the decent thing.  
Obviously she knew that you were secretly The Weather God and the lifeguard thing was just a cover.  I was behind a couple in a store that spent 5 minutes bitching to the cashier about the traffic (there had been a bad accident nearby, the traffic was horrible).   The cashier got fed up, and with a deep voice announced "Traffic Begone!" while waving his hands at the windows.  He paused, turned back to the couple and said "well, obviously my superpowers are gone."  The couple was just so stunned they shut up, paid and left.     
I used to work in an ice cream parlour and the amount of abuse hurled at us was ridiculous. I've worked other customer service jobs, but there's something about ice cream that brought out the worst in humanity.  
I  had a roommate like this, She would go shopping and max out her credit card and then her parents would pay it off repeatedly. She was storming around one day calling her mom a bitch because her mother had asked her to try not to go shopping as much. 
I was expecting the opposite reaction where you all pretend that nothing is happening and avoid eye contact with one another. But I guess there are some instances where one must intervene. I had one of those the other day where I had to call the police when someone in front of me was violently mugged.  
LOL.  I would have responded, "Listen, I can explain this to you, or a police officer can explain this to you." 
Why are people bringing their tissues out of the toilet and putting it in a bin, instead of flushing it down the toilet? 
Wasn't married, but my one and only ex likes to get drunk (alcoholic) and occasionally text me "I hope you fucking die" "fuck you cunt, die" "I hope you fall off a bridge" "I'm gonna drink myself to death tonight and it's your fault"  Aren't people great.  High five for the single life. 
"How dare you say that to my face."  "I'd say it behind your back, but my car's only got half a tank of gas!"  -Al Bundy 
When I was 19, a guy once tried to fight my friend after my friend supposedly cut him off in traffic.  I was in the passenger seat, and this guy pulled up next to us at a red light, rolled down his window and started screaming.  My friend, who just has a gift for pushing buttons, kept needling the guy until the guy looked like he was about to have an aneurysm.  The guy gets out of his horribly-painted camo low-rider pickup truck, takes a few steps towards our car, and my friend laughs, waves, and takes off as the light changes to green.  In the rearview mirror, we watched as two lanes of traffic start angrily honking at this guy because he's blocking one lane and his car is blocking the other. 
Say something.  Couples can tend to get absorbed in themselves and fail to have an outside perspective that could help them.  "I'd like to come over but your husband's outbursts make me a bit uncomfortable at times, would you like to go out to eat alone instead?"  Make the problem clear but also make it clear you aren't avoiding them, you're just avoiding the situation.  Which is fair - he isn't your husband, you shouldn't have to put up with that the same way. 
In slow-mo, with something suitably epic playing in the background. Flight of the Valkyries, perhaps.  Optionally, teenagers in Einstein Bros shirts diving to intercept the flying bagel, with the typical slowmo "Nooooooooo!" and/or "Geeeeeeet doooooown!" 
St. Michael's Hospital Yelp review: Worst. Restaurant. Ever. 
I just worked in logistics refilling supply rooms and witnessed some shit.  One woman would just scream "help!" and it was always for such mundane things.  I heard the same nurse politely ask her to use her call light and be patient since she had a lot of patients.  It was like every 5 minutes she'd still yell.  Then another patient yelled to shut up from another room.  I couldn't put up with that shit on a daily basis. 
"What's your profession?"  "Oh, I'm a certified asshole. I make people mad and get paid to watch." 
Some of us make it out without becoming raging douchebags. Not all of us, but it does happen.  
DU-NUH. DDD DU-NUH D DUNUH DUNUH  (I didn't know how to put that part into words)  
Yeah, here's how the situation would have gone the other 99% of the time.  "Hello.  I bought a car wash and then realized the car wash is out of order.  I'm not going to be back here any time soon.  Would you please issue me a refund for the carwash?"  "Here you go, $7.99 back on your card."  "Thanks, bud."  (man drives away in dirty car) 
Its not for $0 though. Its for the hours ands hours of time spend finding/buying, cutting/printing, and organizing coupons or browsing/"clipping" coupons on apps. Then you have to go to the stores, sometimes many stores and sometimes hours away to find exactly what you need. Shopping can take even more hours as you comb through the store with your coupons, comparing everything to make sure you get the right things. Then you have to check out, which of course can take a while if you have a ton of things.  After that you're stuck with massive amounts of items that you honestly probably don't even need, never would have bought, and don't even really want that you have to store in your home. It can spiral out of control.  Nothing is ever free. You're trading the grocery bill for a _lot_ of time and energy, which honestly isn't worth it a lot of the time. 
She sure showed them. Bet they regret losing that sale. 
i thought the same thing. This is what ill start telling people so as to be more polite.  
Yep, I absolutely have those patches. I'm sure they deter some attention but sometimes crazy is just crazy. 
I had a few managers like that at McD's.  One would be happy to hang out at front line and help out while things were slow (while constantly berating her staff about how they need to do better). But as soon as a line started to form or an actual issue arose, it was suddenly time for her to disappear into the office to do paperwork. 
I don't understand the question and I won't respond to it.  
Thank you! So far yes, I could go into labor any day now, at this point it's just a waiting game, but the doctor says he looks good and plump! 
Honestly, being polite, reasonable and kind works with damn near everyone in customer service. Even when I'm pissed, just saying "I'm sorry, I'm not mad at you I am upset at your company policy and I won't direct this at you" does amazing things because there is that rational separation that makes CSR feel like you aren't attacking them. They understand frustration. 
She was ostracized for the rest of our time there by both students and staff, got in trouble for inappropriately flirting with one of our taller students, but not much else. When the program was over no one ever heard from her again, haha. 
Country roads are often more narrow than regular roads, you usually have to move over to make room for someone going to other way. 
The worst tantrums I ever see in adults and children are in high end stores.  idk if having money turns people into asshats or what, but I hate it when I have to go to a store on the high end side of town. 
I once had a manager who, when the entitled unreasonable lady said,  "I am never doing business here again!" Replied with, "You promise?"  She flipped her shit and the manager earned mad respect from every employee. 
Back on her home planet the stores are far more efficient. 
Grazers have been known to devour half a bag of grapes before they get to the register. 
I wanted to hang around and find out, but sadly it had taken me so long to get through security that my flight was boarding by the time I got through! 
Right?  But she's a single mom and everyone needs to pity her and give her things and respect her time because it's more valuable than ours.     Her mom bought her house, car and everything else she wants too...makes me sick  
I work at a ride in WDW that goes down for bad weather. My favorite line is "We came all the way from Israel just to ride this!"  I'm sorry, but believe it or not, I can't make the rain stop.  
Some people got their share back, others like me just didn't want any more to do with that ass hat.  
I now have this image of millions of cats chasing a single laser pointer and some bored angel sitting on a recliner moving it around.  
That nickel snowballed into the failure of the company  
Seriously though, couldn't have gone better for me.  
She calls her a prostitute and she just mutters to her boyfriend "well I'm not getting paid" and they both snicker 
"You're a prostitute!"  *scoffs* "I'm not getting paid!... :(" 
physically, they could be identical and it would still be true.  Acting ugly makes one ugly. 
Yeah I'm kind of toggling between outrage at the fucking *exquisite* mental gymnastics required for someone to compute a bit of PDA as "having sex/sexual harassment" and deep amusement at her vapid face and cranky unhinged screeching.  How are these people able to function in society? Like if you're that out of touch with reality, if you lack that much self awareness, how have you not been hit by a bus yet? 
He even said, all he did was kiss her once in the forehead. Apparently that also constitutes making out.  
I felt really bad for the cashier here. He didn't feel empowered to kick her out or make her stop and at several points he was on the receiving end of her abuse. 
It's true. This is my father's mentality.    I'll never forget when I went with him to the apple store when he had this "we're gonna march right down there!" mentality about how I lost my adobe programs (I'm a student in school for graphic design so it was kind of a big deal) when my hard drive crashed. He was yelling so loud and causing such a scene I started to walk away after which he started screaming my name across the mall and telling me to "get the fuck back here!"    He's also made many waitresses cry when out to eat and purposely makes a huge scene so they'll give him a gift card to calm down.   Literally can't go anywhere in public with the guy without him causing a scene like this.  
We Brits do tend to make a scene when it comes to bus windows.  I was on the bus with a group of friends, in the height of summer, and we got into a war of sorts with one man who insisted that the bus window remained closed. I like to think we won because he got off one stop before us. 
Used to wait tables myself- when I saw the owners confiscating the server's tips my blood boiled.  
After having watched people come out of a stall and not wash their hands, just leave....  I always use paper towels to open bathroom doors on any place that isn't a private residence.  People are just nasty man 
obese woman: "I'm trying to get an all over tan"  Al: "You're asking an awful lot of the sun lady!" 
People really thought they were going to pay for their kids college with beanie babies.  
Honestly, my coworkers come up with theories, and you hit the nail right on the head. They are control freaks, and are kinda in their own little world.  I worked doing carts at the same place, and jesus, it's always the 40k+ nice suvs that are accelerating to 35 mph in a parking lot, slamming on the breaks, and fucking with their phones; all the same people.  And honestly, alot of these people seem to be on heavy prescription drugs. You don't lose your cart and start having a panic attack in the middle of produce, just to realize it's right where you left it, in Produce. My supervisor and I spent 10 minutes looking for her cart.... 
I was thinking more like poorly-filmed, bagel waving unrealistically, bobbing up and down, passing dine-in customers as they gaze up, dropping food from their mouths, and a vehement banjo riff in the background, until the moment of impact, and then static. 
"Ten years ago I won the lottery and bought a parking garage. My life has been perfect ever since." 
It sounds like this son character was pretty logical about it...  I feel there's hope for him. 
I've known people who do this who just donate it. Since it's mostly non-perishables that have coupons it works out. 
Please understand, I'm not emotionally involved enough with you to fuck you. 
My grandpa has a seeing eye dog, I think that helps.  
That's a policy I follow in regular life. It's a little heartwarming to hear customer service people perk up just because I answered their greeting with "I'm doing fine; how about yourself?"  Politeness doesn't cost anything. 
What the fuck? How do you not get fired instantly after bitching at your supervisor and punching a hole in a wall?  
When a shop policy pisses me off I don't bother to tell the cashier I'm never buying from them again because I know the cashier won't care and can't do anything about the policy.  Instead I calmly leave and just never shop there again, if a friend asks me about the shop I recommend they don't go and explain why. I don't know why so many people seem to think doing anything different will help them in any way. 
I had a family come through my register recently eating some wings from the hotbar as they checked out. Yeah, those need to be weighed you stupid assholes.  Grapes get everyone though. Unless they are on a huge sale they are fucking expensive if you get a big bag. 
I love people like you! My local grocery store does that all the time. They always ask "do you want to really pay $X for Grapes etc"?  Always makes me go back to that store.  Thank you, I'm sure you don't get that enough! 
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers. - Randal, Clerks 
Would kill to have this as a print for one of our exam rooms. It could be a whole series. "Cat Heaven".  Laser Pointer, Yarn Balls, Gigantic fish tanks and birds for them to watch, a whole room of black couches for them to get hair all over, the possibilities are endless. 
That's an expensive fucking ice cream cone, regardless of discount. 
I'm gonna start slapping a dollar bill on the counter when people don't have change just to try to get in on this action. Probably won't pay off but it's worth a shot. 
you can _not_ be doing prostitution in public!    I want my money back!   
You'd think there was a full on Caligula-style orgy happening. 
Ugh.  The first time I took my out-of-state niece 7 and nephew 8 to eat without my sister around... they freaked out because I didn't send my meal back. Literally open-mouths staring at me.  The waitres had brought a different dish than I ordered but it looked great so I kept it, and refused her to take it off my bill.  Apparently my sister sends her meal back to the kitchen almost.every.time they dine out.  
Can I throw a tantrum online and get a free MacBook delivered? 
I've never been a server but this makes MY blood boil.  I've worked in customer service, and so many people make it hell.  Even if you've never worked customer service, serving is clearly a hard job.  You're on your feet, you're balancing 18 drinks on a tray, you're working busy times flying around the place dealing with people.  So I always tip well and want my tip to go to the person I'm tipping.  I have no idea what the boss is like and I'm giving my money to the person who served me because they did a good job, and because they're the one on their feet refilling my drink and being kind and efficient.  I hate that tipping is even a thing (in the US), that servers have to consider tips as part of their income.  Tips should just be extra appreciation.   
the compressed air nozzles at the cameras to blow dust off. he should have started a new life as a construction manager. that's some impressive forethought and problem solving skills.  
Reminds me of that ridiculous picture where a couple is sitting on the floor of a courtroom during a divorce hearing so they can split up their beanie baby collection 
Thats the thing though: As a parent if you say something, you follow through, it is this simple rule that will shape your child like little else can. If you can't follow through on banalities, why would you expect your kid to grow up to follow through on any of his promises. Kudos to your mom.  
His response seems like the only reasonable option he had, he might be alright 
My favorite professor in college was tenured but still cared about teaching. He didn't care much about tardiness; this was his policy:  - I won't start the lesson over. Come to my office hours or ask a friend for notes - If you come in late, just walk around back and sit down. Don't apologize to me or draw attention to yourself. - If you're late because of Starbucks (there was a Starbucks in the same building) my order is a grande hot coffee black. Just put it on the podium.  He also had a rule about not watching pornography on your iPad if there were people sitting behind you, but that is another story. 
I really thought that said " My grandpa **is** a seeing eye dog" and was thoroughly caught off guard for a moment. 
I think these people have a super power that makes other people forget what the number for 911 is. 
Not only can the cashier not do anything, but they are probably saying "good fucking riddance" to people who throw tantrums and say that. 
Weird, every time I've seen wings sold in a store like that they weigh it at the deli and slap a sticker on it for the cost, or they'll have you pay right then and there. 
At the vary least it'll make for a decent story and help some poor cashier have a slightly less shitty day. 
I'll send you a 10 year old broken laptop and a check for 12 dollars if you throw an adult tantrum on video and it makes the front page of Reddit. 
his modified stats were:  +15 engineering ingenuity  -30 emotional stability  
Trying to get this through to my partner. She likes to threaten her kindergartener, and wonders why the little one doesn't obey or even pay attention to anything she says.  "Honey, make it stick the first time, and she'll figure it out." I'll admit, being on point all the time is tiring and there are a lot of times you just want to shrug and let whatever it is slide, but it sets back your child every single time. 
Holy shit this is one of the best I've seen. I'll remember this for later.  
It still makes sense to wave at people in cars, it confirms that they see you so you (probably) won't get run over 
That's what my local store does now, but they did used to have a self serve area where you'd have to take it up to the register yourself to get it paid.  
And on the flip side, if you find yourself in that situation, the tax is the price you paid to get rid of them. 
I'll just throw it down and wink at the cashier as I walk out with my red bull without paying. 
Half the shit we say to our kids to get them to behave is a bluff.  Eventually they figure that out and we have to change tactics. 
Yeah I got you, but driving down a city street and waving at another car, the drivers just look at me weird lol 
OOh, that sounds dangerous. Anything requiring using the honour system in a store is just built to fail. "What, I only bought one wing", as he licks bbq sauce off of his fingers. 
I think your dad is literally the nicest person on the planet atm.  Treasure that mofo. 
He's probably getting paid with an original run Valentino with an intact misprinted tag.  
oh my god, how hideous for your great grandmother. to have to go through the grief of losing him not once but twice... life is so fucking cruel. 
I'm sorry for your losses, they both passed away too early. 
I have an aunt who is twice widowed (my late uncle was her second husband) and lost a son in a car accident. What you said about Facebook pretty much sums up her timeline. My uncle has been dead for 8 years, her son a few years longer, and first husband even longer than that. I can't imagine carrying so much grief for so long. 
This is honestly the possibility that terrifies me. She's got a chronic disease that will likely kill her relatively early, but at least we know about that and can sort of see things coming, even if it's going to be sudden if it happens. This, though... you plan for all the known variables, you think you're ready, then something totally unexpected happens and throws it all out the window. Life happens, and that's the scariest fate of all. 
Hug her tight. My dad died on the way to work. This thread has made me sad :( 
This is sad and sweet at the same time. I'm glad they found each other.  
Fucking dreams, my dad passed away in 2010 and I still dream he is alive and I know he is dying but I haven't spent enough time with him before he dies. Stupid brain, my dad was paliative for over 6 months and I had plenty of time with him before he passed away, but NO, my brian has to try to screw with me 
My mother said something similar about her first husband who died young. I was always conscious that her great love wasn't my dad but she told me that it wasn't fair to compare as they only had a few years and who knows how they would have ended up.  
I'm a widower too and have tried to start dating again recently. Acceptance is one of the biggest parts of grieving, and to try and think what I'd do if she were still here...well I can't even process that question. Like you said, it hurts to just read it.  
Sorry for your loss. It's an interesting discussion though. At 35, I am totally different to who I was at 20 when I met my partner, but we've grown together.   If I met the 19 year old her we'd probably not get on and if I met the 34 year old her without having been together in the interim, we might be totally different people too.  We are so shaped by the people close to us, it's impossible to say how different we'd be without them (or rather with different ones) 
Sending a hug your way! I am sorry for your loss.  
I like this. Before my nana died last summer, we were talking about how she hadn't remarried even years after my grandpa died. She said "why settle for hamburger when you've had steak all your life?" 
Stay strong. If you ever need to chat, please hit me up. You mean the world to someone and you matter to this world. All the best. Strength and love to you. 
My grandfather unexpectedly died in his 30's from a medical issue. My grandmother eventually met and married a man who also lost his spouse. In the end, they were married about four times longer than either of their first marriages, yet they both decided to be buried next to their first spouse.  It surprised a lot of people, but it was a decision based on logic more than choosing one person over another. Both had children from their first marriage and they never had any children together. They decided they wanted their children to be able to visit both their parents at the same place. My grandmother said she didn't really care where her body was since she wasnt going she be using it, so she thought about the people who would care. Even in death, she's doing her best to avoid inconveniencing others. 
Yikes. Was he suffering from any known mental illnesses or stuff like that? 
I think the talking about your grandfather is mostly because for some reason earlier memories get preserved better. Towards the end my grandmother would often ask my grandfather to go home to her parents :/ 
Was everything ok in your relationship when he announced his desire to transition? You mentioned the thing about being at the height of the relationship when a partner dies, do you feel like you were there at that time?   Was he happy in the relationship (though obviously not in himself)?   Did he want to stay with you after transitioning?    Ignore me if these are too personal, I'm just really interested.  
That whole show is full of "what would you do?" scenarios. I can't wait for the second season! 
Is a mistress a mistress if she doesn't know she's helping someone cheat? 
There's a French series called Les Revenants which has a similar dynamic between a now married woman, her ex that committed divide and her new husband. It's Kinda about zombies but they're not rotting and stuff, they just look normal but keep coming back from the dead. Think there's an American adaptation. 
I find it a very interesting question. Better than most questions asked here. 
Man. My "shelf broke" when I was 17 but the whole zombie sister wife/unmarriable widow double standard was always hard to choke down. Especially since it was highlighted in my favorite books, Tennis shoes among the Nephites. Men can have eternal marriages after their wives die. If a widow tries to remarry it's  not a "binding" marriage--it's a marriage for the next few years until her original spouse claims her in the afterlife. It devalues widows (who were specifically noted (by Jesus Christ)  as a group that should receive community support ) and makes them into concubines.  Blargh. R/exmormon is love. R/exmormon is not life cause religion or lack there of should never define your life.  
Sir, are there you aware that our planet is spherical? 
My exhusband is convinced that whomever you marry first is who you are forced to spend eternity with, and keeps accusing me on Twitter of screwing him out of a good afterlife. Uh... no.  
Yes - she always maintained that it was the First World War that killed him really.  She knew that the cause of his death was appendicitis, but she was convinced it was brought on by the stress of the air raids in the second world war.   
When my grandfather died, everyone kept saying, "Oh, he's gone on to be reunited with grandma." And of course his girlfriend/common law wife was right there. She had been there for him for almost 20 years. She helped take care of him in his old age. She is the one who was there with him in his decline in spite of her own descent into dementia. My grandmother was the mother of his 8 kids and got the best years before passing away at 68, but his girlfriend got the 20 years of end of life care, a dying old man crying out in pain that he was ready to see his wife again, and his children telling each other that those 20 years didn't matter to him and that he was finally where he belonged (with my grandmother). I would hate to have been in his girlfriend's shoes, discarded by the children of the partner you were with for two decades.  
I was thinking this as well. When you lose someone so close to you, you end up forgetting all the flaws of their character. Month by month, year by year, whittling them down to perfection. 
Jesus. Considering how I've been coping (or rather, not coping) after my dad's death, I cannot imagine how she gets up in the morning. What a strong woman.  
Yeah that's how I see it. During the few times I've let my mum talk about my dads death to me (I'm still struggling hardcore with the emotions even now) she told me that he's really good for her and that sometimes hell just hold her as they both cry. My sister was not supportive of the relationship. I was from before it happened. I called it a few months after my dad died (though it was two years before she told me that they'd decided to see where it goes) and that day I said to my ex 'i think something will happen there, and for her sake I hope it does. My sister has her own newborn to look after, and I'm an emotional cripple. He will be good for her.' And I've never been more happy to be right.  
My MIL died of cancer a week before her and my FIL's 51st anniversary and in a similarly small town. They adored each other and are 2 of my most favorite people ever. A little before the first year anniversary he started going out to eat with a woman who had been a bridesmaid in their wedding and they've been a couple for about 5 years now. She never married or had kids. He will never remarry or even move in with her. He still chokes up talking about my MIL, but I'm glad he's found someone to be with and someone who will keep tabs on him (that elderly wife job stuff like nagging them to take meds, see a doctor about that funny thing in that weird spot stuff). I hope your dad finds a friend or friends to share the rest of his life with.   
That's not fair to either of you. I'm really fucking sorry that you're both going through this. 
My FIL died from brain fungus.   Fucking brain fungus.   You just never know.   Always look on the bright side of life. 
Yea it's pretty nice, even the kids are really happy that their father found someone.  
Are you me? The 10-year anniversary of my mom's death from brain cancer is in a few weeks and I think about this often.   My dad has had three serious partners in the decade since, and the last girlfriend died nine months ago from another kind of cancer.   I have a hard time imagining how life would be if my mom had never gotten sick or died, but her coming back now after everything that has happened is even harder to imagine.  
Thank you.  I couldn't imagine him being here and not being with him.  I'm sure that is a whole separate heartache.  I hope things work out for you too.   
My biological dad died when I was a baby and I was raised by a pretty awesome step-dad as long as I can remember. My mom almost never mentions my biological dad. When I asked her before why she said, "Well.... I honestly don't think about him all that much at this point. We were only together a couple years, I was so young, and we only got married because I got pregnant." It really put into perspective how even though it's sad, in the grand scheme of things my biological dad really was just a very small part of my mom's life, and that's okay. 
I'm really sorry for your loss. I hope this doesn't come across as insensitive but I'm very intrigued. Does this not discount the personal growth that he would have gone through between the ages of 24 and 35? 
Thats also my biggest fear, and I've found her already at this point, we have been dating a little under 2 years, and I think within the next year I will propose to her. The thought of losing her absolutely destroys me. 
I'm a young dope with no life experience and no wisdom to offer, but I'm thinking of you. :) 
It definitely is not easy. A lot of my fellow widows and widowers have had different experiences in our aftermath and coping because they have had to be a parent and a widow or widower. This creates it's own challenges that they have had to reconcile. (We have a great group of people at all stages of our grief over at r/widowers) For me, losing both girls destroyed my entire future. I had an identity crisis because everything I had planned for my future was gone. But I had great support and my counselor asked me, "who would you be if you never met your late wife?" From there I started reconstructing my life as an individual. I applied to law school, got in, met my SO (not in law school), and have been killing it in school. My current SO knows there isn't a day that day that goes by that I don't think of the girls and she supports me in that.  
Well there are several aspects to consider. First, my late wife was a young widow when we met. I was the product of love after loss so I knew of sorts what challenges I would face. Secondly though, I have always been a mover so to speak. I don't like to dwell or tread water. As such, seven months of counseling was sufficient to help me address every issue possible. Most widows and widowers don't go to counseling as long as I did. Once they "feel better" they stop. Me, I kept going even after I felt better to deal with the secondary issues like dating again. I stopped going in August when I moved  to the east coast for law school and met my current SO shortly thereafter.  
My mum died of cancer. My dad met my stepmum through the Macmillan nurse who cared for my mum, and also cared for my stepmum's first husband when he was ill with cancer. She set them up and they grew close and that was that. 
I just lost my mother four weeks ago and my father lost his lover and best friend. Cherish that woman (I'm sure you do) because losing someone that holds your heart so close as she does is a painful thing to lose and a painful thing to watch someone lose. They were married 40 odd years.  
She was up in Isaan with her family. I can't remember what was wrong with her but I do know her family didn't want her treated in a hospital. They took her to temples and traditional doctors instead. She worsened and eventually got proper medical care, and then went looking for B. 
I'm pretty sure she blamed him. I was shocked when I heard that his wife was back from a mutual friend, I hadn't seen B in a few months, so I gave him a call and took him out for a few beers. He was already getting on in years but it really shocked me how fast he had aged in those few short months. 
I love talking to the old expats in Thailand. Some of them REALLY went through some shit in their lives. 
Liars often add a lot of detail to make the story seem more believable.  Not saying *this* story isn't true, but believing something just because it seems too specific to be made up is misguided. 
Now I just want someone to refer to me as their steak lol 
Just murder your SO, marry someone else and use a necromantic spell to return your previous SO back from the dead, now you can participate in this thread! 
I was positive that he would kill himself the first time I saw that movie.  I may have been in a dark place back then... 
One of my great uncles died very young like this, and his wife remarried and was buried next to her second husband in a different town. She's been dead for years now as well. But my uncle is buried under one of those double headstones with her name on it but no dates, like he's waiting for her forever.  
I know someone who intends to do something similar. His first wife would be in the plot first, in deepest. Not sure how he's going to plan this but he'd go in the middle and his second wife above him.  
He was secretly self medicating depression with alcohol. He constantly lied to me and I can't count how many times he put our baby in danger. But according to him, he was ALWAYS sober. You don't get two dui's, fired from a career job and forced into rehab when you are sober. The problem for me was he hid his alcoholism from me from the beginning and it wasn't until we were married and I was pregnant that I found out. Then everything started to make sense. All the phone conversations where was "just tired." The totaled truck a month after he got it. Falling down stairs in the middle of the night.   I know I sound cold but the level of deception he brought into my life left me feeling utterly betrayed. He brought nothing but lies and heartache to our marriage.  
Those people were wrong. This question is perfectly valid for a serious tag.  
Husband of widow here.  I don't like to think about it, but it honestly doesn't matter anyway - I'm not going to try to compete with a ghost.  You can never win that comparison. 
We had an ok relationship. I was more unhappy than he was. He wanted to stay together, and we probably would have stayed together for longer if this hadn't happened.   I was happy he was trying to figure out what made him happy, but our relationship just couldn't survive that. We have a decent friendship now. We text almost every day, he stays at my house when he visits our kid.  
Yes, but she's not in the wrong if she doesn't know 
Meredith would totally leave anyone for Derek in a heartbeat.  
Thats a strange belief. What if it's your second marriage, but your current spouse's first marriage? How would that work?  
This is the shit that puts things in perspective.  
A lady I work with lost her husband at a really early age and even after several months of leave from work when she came back she just looked dead inside. I felt so badly for her, I'd almost start crying just by looking in her direction.   It's been over a year now and she moved houses and is doing really well though. She's back to her old self. I think you can have a life after something this tragic, you just have to be willing to fight through it. 
Life is harsh and a good partner is the only thing truly allied with you. People are so goddamned, inherently selfish that it hurts.  
That must have been awful for his then current wife. But I do understand the kids taking comfort in thinking their parents could finally be reunited. It couldn't have been easy for anyone.  
Make sure it's in his will. Talk to him about it. Make sure he designates -- in his will -- one of his children who will adhere to his wishes rather than his new wife's wishes as the person in charge of his funeral and burial plans. It will be a burden on the person responsible, but it will mean that your father can rest where he really wants to. If your stepmother really is crazy, make sure he has burial insurance that goes to the child he designates so that the stepmom can't refuse to pay and leave that child holding the bag.  I cannot overstate the importance of having a legal will laid out (and updated) long before it's needed. My father didn't make his new will legal before killing himself, and that destroyed the family more than his death. I feel like we could have pulled together over his death, but my mother is a fucking psychopath and the lack of a clear will destroyed everything.  
Which is why I think objectively the best choice would be to stay with one's current spouse, because if you're in a happy marriage with someone you wouldn't otherwise leave, why risk finding that your old SO was not as perfect as the picture in your head, and finding that you no longer share what you once did that made you work as a couple before? 
Out of all of these here, you have me tearing up at work. Your sentiment, passion, I can feel it. Good luck to you, she sounds so lucky to have been loved like this... Ciao 
Holy hell I needed a healthy chuckle after reading all the other comments in here  
It pains me when kids try to interfere with their parents lives too much. My dad is in the process of selling our childhood home after living there alone for five years since mum passed. He's buying a small house up in the mountains and has vowed to live out his years riding motorbikes and skiing. I'm so happy my sister's are supportive too, we're so happy for him.  Here's to new chapters. 
Once you really are ok with that for yourself. I discovered a few years ago that my mother was more comfortable telling me stories about her first husband than telling my siblings who are his actual children. I had to spell it out for her that they need to hear those stories.  
If he came back today, he would be the same person he was when he died, so you can't include hypothetical personal growth here. 
Thanks for the reply. You seem like a really strong guy, I hope that if something terrible happened to my wife and kids I would be able to keep it together as well as you have. I wish you and your SO the best of lives together and good luck in Law School.  
I commend you on seeking counselling. So many men this day and age are afraid to admit they need help, it's honestly inspiring that you sought it out and how it helped you move on with your life. I imagine a lot of people will consider the time frame in which you moved on as short, but I think it's testament to how actively seeking help moving on can work.  
Having a child is like having your heart taken out of your chest and letting it walk free in the world.  It's the most lovely and horrifying aspect of my life  
If the situation ever arises, it sounds like my wife should pick my hospice care worker.   No banging until our contract is terminated though.  
Wait, am I getting this right, is it a good thing that he's being harsh when you're feeling sad? Doesn't seem like something I would appreciate personally. 
I knew I was going to cry in this thread.  I didn't know it would happen *this* quickly. 
The PI didn't think to look for her with her family?  
I thought so too. It would have been very ironic that he spent years trying to survive to go back to something that wasn't there waiting for him.  
Doesn't sound cold, it sounds like self-respect.  You were deceived about something important, I don't think it's anything wildly different than a secret debt, or even a secret relationship.  There's this societal norm of wanting to consider dead people as saints, and it just doesn't mesh since people are complicated and sometimes they act shitty and hurt people. 
My husband has a voicemail from his mom just the day before she went into the hospital. In it she says, with a laugh, that my husband was right, she was getting old and she was going to make an appointment with a mobility specialist soon to get a walker and other assistive devices.   She fell the next day and hit her head. She had a severe brain bleed and never woke up. She died 5 days later.   The message haunts him and he will never delete it.  
I lost my spouse 9 months ago and clicked on this thread with much trepidation.   Thanks Reddit for not letting me down. 
Thank you for your kind words. All these replies have made my month. I'd love if my post compelled someone to do something awesome for their SO. And if you get a baby goat (had to Google to find out they're called kids), i got dibs on a family pic of you, your lady, and your kid  
Most Parents spend most of their life looking after us. We owe atleast a fun Retirement  
Absolutely. It would be as if you hit the pause button on him, then hit play 11 years later.  We aren't talking about them dying, then coming back that same day and living an alternate and secret life until you just walk across him 11 years later. 
I have sought counseling off and on for different matters since I was 16. I like counseling, it's a conversation with a trained and educated professional. Talking to friends or family only gets you so far. But a professional is great because they will give you their honest opinion, ubafraid to hurt your feelings or ruin your relationship. Obviously they do it with some tact. I actually considered being a counselor when I was going to college, but I love the law more so I chose that route.  
Making the decision to have a child - it is momentous. It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.  -Elizabeth Stone 
It probably depends on the person. Some people need to be sad for a bit, then get a proverbial kick in the ass to "snap out of it" while other people express the emotion differently.  
Isaan isn't really the kind of place you can just look and expect to find, even with a private investigator. It's huge (about the size of Florida), very poor and largely agricultural, with some areas being mountainous or covered with rainforest. It is home to around 20 million people, so finding one person among them is a big task, even without considering that many of the people are extremely insular, and probably not keen on strangers poking around and asking questions (it's the kind of place where seeing strangers is pretty out of the ordinary). 
Ive been on reddit for years, I get it, but fuck. Bout ready to head to the Winchester, have a pint, and wait for this all to blow over. 
Same . My husband would swear off society and disappear in the woods ala Bear Claw from the Boonies (he loves that guy) . My husband has done medieval,  civil war and frontier reenacting/living history, so he has the skills and supplies to do it.   Makes me take really good care of myself (or try too).  During our premarital counseling I told the minister if something happened to me, I would want him to marry a tall buxom redhead. (My complete opposite). Because if she's loving him and maybe raising my children, the last thing I want weighing on her mind is " he only married me because I look like her" I dated a man in college whose dead HS GF could have been my sister....it sucked. He wanted me to act like her... 
If the timing works out you may get a picture of her, myself, our kid and our kid. She's currently about 16 weeks pregnant. 
This comment hurts if you had a shitty childhood... 
I don't have any great advice for you but I wanted to let you know that I read your post and I think you're walking a hard road and I feel for you. I think people should be happy that your husband is able to find some light in an otherwise dark world; would they rather he be alone?  
"Can you confirm where you were at 9:00pm, 1986?"  "I wasnt born yet..."  "So you're saying you *can't*?" *writes on notepad furiously* 
Even if you did, it's not like you would have grown together in that time, so who knows how much different you would be to each other.  I say that as a 36 year old who married my high school sweetheart.  If we hadn't stayed together, and met up now, who knows if we'd be compatible, after different life experiences. 
The night she was born, I remember crying for about 30 minutes or an hour straight once she and my wife had fallen asleep -- I literally felt a pulling sensation in my heart. 
Yep, exactly.  The only suicidal ideation I've ever had is at the thought of something happening to her. 
I was married to my first wife for 16 years. It ended in divorce, not death. In spite of all the reasons we weren't good for each other, we were at least very similar when it came to expressing and dealing with our emotions. That single trait alone is probably what kept us together for as long as we were. I am now married to an amazing woman that is more than I could have ever asked for. But.... We handle our emotions very differently from one another. It's very difficult for me to deal with sometimes, because I'm expecting her to process things the way I do, but she doesn't. I need to let it all out immediately, she needs to think it over first. I need to be held, she needs to be alone for a little while. The hardest part has truly been accepting that she isn't shutting me out, which is how I usually feel. She comes to me when she's ready to talk, or be held, or whatever else the case may be. I've just had to learn to be supportive in an entirely different way. 
Wow, that is both sad and horrible at the same time.  
I can't imagine it's easy for her. But my mom's mentality right now is that of a ten year old so... 
Thank you. And honestly, I think they would rather he be alone. That way they don't have to think about him processing his grief and moving on, when they haven't.  I appreciate your words. More than you can possibly know. Thank you.  
You wouldn't have grown up together, you are correct. However, if you hit pause and then hit play, they would be exactly the same person they were while you are different. It would be MORE likely they wouldn't be able to deal with YOU than you deal with THEM. You will know what to expect of them, they won't know what to expect with you.   Relationships (and partnerships in general be it romantic, platonic, business, etc) work best when you can anticipate how the other will react. 
Well mate, let's hope we never have to have those thoughts again. Our kids will live to be 110  
There weren't even any records of his birth certificate until many years later. 
So you're the reason everyone has to watch those safety videos. 
Went to a timeshare presentation in Mexico. The guy hit us up leaving the airport. As this was not our first time, we entered the room with the lady who was pitching, and told her "in all honesty, we will listen to your pitch, but we are not buying anything. We are only here for the free stuff."  She was PISSED. Told us we were wasting people's time, and gave us the vouchers and told us to leave. But not before I chewed her ass about blindsiding people who had just got off a plane and were looking forward to a vacation.  Totally worth it, and didn't have to even listen to the hour long pitch. 
Still use hydrogen peroxide based cleaner for my soft contacts. Every now and then it gets me. Terrible feeling. Need to get contacts out because they are burning your eyes so bad. Eyes are burning so bad you can't open them to get the contacts out. Super sucks. 
What was the experience like while eating them? You say "peaches" so you infer you are more than just one? Why did your grandmother keep these peaches for 45 years?  There's so many details you're keeping from us. 
God this reminds me of a cringy story from my elementary school years.   Bigger kid in class got cast as Santa Claus in a school play.  I walk to Biggest girl in class room and asks if she tried out for Mrs. Santa Claus.  She asks, "Why?"  Immediately say, "Cuz you're fat..."  As the words left my mouth, so did my lunch, cuz she punched my square in the balls, which I rightfully deserved.  I'm sorry, Sandy. I was young, stupid, and didn't have a filter.  
Just reading the name *Southern Comfort* made my stomach roll. Apparently Southern Comfort and I have a history.  
 I had a similar situation, but mine was with rum. My mother would put red packets of koolaid flavoring or whatever those things are called into a gallons of water. It would turn the water into koolaid or rather that's what it's for. She would keep the gallon of koolaid next to an empty gallon of water which she filled with rum.   Anyways i poured it in a cup and took a gulp of "koolaid" followed by "EWW MOM THIS TASTES LIKE MEDICINE! Wasn't pleasant... 
Lent $1k to a co-worker once. Took almost 6 months to get it back, meanwhile she is posting pics of her out on the town and doing expensive activities while claiming she "doesn't have it yet". Haven't spoken to her since.  
honestly, it's a wild ride but not a bad one. felt like my bits were being gently warmed in the hands of a lover and at the same time like i was teabagging a stream full of glacial meltwater.   kinda exhilirating.  
I'll take two laxatives and two xanax and play chicken in my sleep - Doug Stanhope  
You need to be careful with that, with some medicines that are designed to be time released, that is a good way to overdose.    
I rented a beach cabin with 7 other people. 3 of them were content with just sitting on the beach, the rest of us got antsy and wanted to do things like play mini golf and visit a few breweries. The 3 beach bums were highly incensed that we wanted to split off. They didn't get that we're all adults and not everybody has to always be doing the same thing all the time. 
Maybe it would have been a good idea to explore the rest of Wendy's menu instead of going on an all-Baconator diet.  
Crawling trough a tight hole where you don't have any opportunity to turn around and crawl back? Imagine your flash light breaking down as well.   Big nope for me.  
"Never again!" after the next time after this one.   Promise.  
I did the crumb hunt when I tried it too.. once I realized what I was doing I just sat there and cried. Never again. 
When you say icing, I'm pretty sure you ment holding ice to your eyes, but I pictured the sugar paste kind. 
Christ we ate so much venison growing up, I once caught my dad rubbing his head on the bannister.  
My father said this after we were in China and he ate a Korean sasuage from a street vendor, about 10 hours later he broke lose the biggest fart I've heard on the streets. I could see in his face that something was wrong, very wrong and he just said to my mom; we have to get to the hotel now."  Now we jokingly say "never trust a fart"  
Welcome to Oklahoma in the springtime. It's not really raining unless you can't see. 
"i could literally feel my thought" i never laughed So hard at a sentence 
I can't speak for all of pregnancy, but first trimester is absolutely horrible.   Can't tell if you're hungry or full, throw up multiple times in a day, hate literally all food....  Luckily, we picked the 2 for 1 deal, so after this pregnancy we'll have two kids and be done. 
I was only 4 years old when I tripped on an escalator and it really tore open my knee. Lots of blood running down my leg and everything.   I'll be 28 next week and while I have moved past the avoiding escalators altogether, I still get a little nervous and often need a moment to make sure I'm timing my step properly, and I have to have a hand free to hold the rail or it's not happening. 
Coming from a pack a day smoker I genuinely wish I could say "never again".  
The Blazin sauce used to be different. Now it is made with ghost peppers (allegedly) and not what they used to use. 
Lmao this is some GTA V random encounter type of shit 
One or both parties always end up catching feelings. I thought it was bad being the one that had no interest, and now I'm on the other side and I want to die. 
My dad had a retired friend who would go to these for the freebies. When the presentation started, he would pull out his hearing aids and set them on the table in front of him. Some salesmen would still go through the whole presentation, but others would just give up after a few minutes. 
It burns because the hydrogen peroxide is braking down protein, that's how it cleans... and your eye is made of protein.  
We found a jar of Great Value jam in my grandmother's fridge that expired in 1991 the last time we visited. Some old folks never clean out their pantries. 
Yeah that was dumb. Especially if her name really was Sandy - you could've gone with the 'your name is Mrs Sandy Claus' reasoning.  
When I puked,  Southern Comfort came out my nose. 40 years later I still can't even smell the bottle cap without heaving.  Could never drink any whiskey again.  
That's pretty much me.  It was my friends and I's go to drink in high school and early adulthood,  then around 25 or so I just couldn't stand the taste or smell of it anymore. Stuff is too damn sweet and syrupy.   
My mom used to make huge pitchers of iced tea and she'd mix liquor in em. I'm still not entirely certain what kind of booze she used. But I didn't realize the pitcher was spiked and I helped myself to a few large glasses on a hot summer day. A few hours later, after I finished off the pitcher, my mom found me napping on the couch. She shook me awake and asked me how many glasses I had drank. She wasn't even mad, she actually thought it was pretty funny. I must've been 6 or 7. Every time I drink iced tea now I remember the time my mom accidentally got her small child hammered, haha. 
Had a coworker who was Charity Central-always had a story "The power got turned off! I ran out of gas! The kids don't have diapers!" So some sweet-hearted people started a collection and we all contributed. She showed up the next week with new rims on her fucking piece of shit car, bragging about the "great deal" she got. From that moment on, I don't care--if you're working but crying poor, I'll nod sympathetically and walk right past you.  
About when you think its time to give them the sex talk, also give them the drug talk. "Not every pill or every aerosol can will get you high, some of it can and will fuck you up for good. And if you need good weed, you come to me." 
Not if it's tiger balm for you pitching shoulder and you get it on your dick in the bathroom because you didn't wash your hands, all in the middle of a baseball game. It was like 100 degrees out. I was considering putting my dick in the cooler so I could finish the 8th inning 
When I was like 15 my friend threw me one of his antidepressants and dared me to eat it. I've chewed advil and shit and it was bad but I chewed this antidepressant and literally tasted that awful bitterness for hours 
Ugh! Yes, my instinct in the situation was to keep going at our own pace and do what we wanted to do. If they wanted to come, great, if not, they could do their own thing. They weren't pleased at that, either. We are in our late twenties, and to me, way beyond knowing this is okay and we aren't being "jerks". Some people... 
I'm in Montreal alone as we speak! I'm here for two weeks, one week alone and one with a friend. The perfect vacation! 
That is actually how I live my life. I've "loaned" my friends plenty of money over the years with no expectation to have it paid back. Some have, some haven't.. usually by the time I get it back from the ones that do I've completely forgotten I even loaned it to them in the first place.. so it's really just like surprise bonus cash at a random time determined by a friend.  
That is a lesson I learned from A Bronx Tale.  The main character gets upset about a guy who owes him 20 dollars.  His mentor says "do you like him?" And he tells him no.  His mentor says " you paid 20 dollars to get him out of your life." 
I was in a group of five where one light broke, and that was a serious issue for just that person.   If somehow you lost all light deep in a cave that is intricate at all, you'd be entombed.   It's a complete absence of light in there.   Your eyes don't adjust like in a dark bedroom.    Total blackness, and you'd never find your way out.    
Wow!    That's another part of it.   It's not like it's all just narrow passageways.    There are huge, open rooms with cliffs and drop-offs.     
Yeah we don't do that shit unless something is fucked 
A) If you're out in the middle of nowhere, it's not a little bit cheaper, it's a fuckton cheaper. $600 flights vs $75 train tickets.  B) When I take the train, I show up 15 minutes before its supposed to leave, check in, and get on the train. I do not show up 2-3 hours early. I do not have to take a tram from the parking lot. I do not take off my shoes, I do not go through a metal detector, I do not get patted down or treated like a criminal.  C) When I get on the train, I enjoy fully reclining in my seat, putting up the foot rests, and still having plenty of room to spare, even if the person in front of me is doing the same. I also enjoy, on 95% of the trips I've taken, having two full seats to myself.  D) When I get to my destination, I enjoy generally disembarking in the heart of whatever city I'm trying to reach, not an hour long, $100 cab ride out.  Don't get me wrong, the train's got plenty of downsides, but there are a ton of reasons that Amtrak can be a better choice.  
It tastes delicious. The blueberry it's in there to have a little sweet with the spice like how many habanero sauces have some mango as well. 
Is that the show with hot questions, and even hotter wings? 
I was going to say, for a brief moment I thought I knew who this was but the college changes that.   I was once denied entrance to the Gaff because I was too drunk.  Same for the Darkhorse.  This was back when the Crowbar was still around and had nickle night 
What the fuck how does a fucking ambulance ride cost $600 what the fuck America like I could get a plane ticket for that 
Hey, same for me, except pear juice. Was taken to hospital, I thought I was going to die. They tried to take a spinal fluid sample multiple times and failed. That wasn't the highlight of my life, I must admit. 
I mean I can down a gallon of water within an hour at work. But I also work outside in the Arizona heat all day, so I imagine I'm just replacing what I sweat. I sweat a lot. A lot... 
Had the same thing happen. I had experience with softer drugs, lsd, ecstasy, lots of weed, so I thought I am well prepared to try anything. I wasn't. After that one experience with meth I stopped using any drugs, permanently. Shit made me scared shitless of becoming an addict. I barely even drink anymore, and I was used to going to parties and getting wasted at least 3 times a week.  
Yeah I'd like to go back to two minutes ago when I didn't have the mental image of Gollum polishing his precious, thanks. 
Yeah man me too. I was in a bad spot emotionally and i ran with bad company,to be one of em you had to be tough,do drugs and all. I personally don't find the appeal in meth and im glad i put the glass dick down for good but GOD DAMN i understand how people can get addicted to it. after 5-6 separate uses and stopping,i woke up one night a week after the final hit,drenched in cold sweat,straight fiending for that plasticky taste in my mouth and i just noped the fuck out. 
So true. Dope, speed, benzos... bad fuckin' news all around, but some part of me needed to try em. Pot and the occasion psychedelic will do it for me now.   Honestly though, if I could still find DMT I would prob grab some haha.  
Ugg....reminds me of the time I had only Ever clear left. I decided to mix it with the only non water drink in the house. Milk.  Made a....paste. but I wasn't about to waste good alcohol.  Oh god I should have poured it down the drain.....it tasted like a dead hobos foot. 
Sounds like the time I got winter vomiting bug. It's super contagious, everyone else in the house had it, but I didn't. Thinking I was immune, ate a load of pizza and drank some beer. Few hours later I felt ill.  Spent the next two days in and out of the bathroom, could barely eat or drink. Apparently I told my mum I wanted to die.  
I bleached my hair in high school (it's usually pretty dark) and got food poisoning the same day. I'll never forget my dads panic when he came home to find me puking my guts out, pale as a ghost, with unnatural yellow hair.   
Their relationship is the stuff of legend.  They went from awkward shy goofs to old souls over night.  Nothing bonds two people like sharing your pullover so she can tie it around her waist to hid poop stains down the back of her legs, while at the same time you've thrown your underwear away and bunched up a ton of cheap stadium toilet paper into a makeshift diaper so that the "dribbing" is minimized.  Looking back, I can't imagine which of our nights was worse. 
"And now, as my eyes burn in agony, I will carefully apply the buttermilk blue icing; to counteract the burning red chemical burn. Today I'm using a delicate flower to really give it some character. If anyone in the audience is a doctor, please help." 
I was woken up at 4 AM on the sidewalk by a sweet Icelandic couple.  I was bleeding and alone and have no idea how either happened.  It is definitely something to experience firsthand. 
i'm from the 70-80% of the population that can eat those without issues.   they're fine. funny aftertaste.  
One time in elementary school I shat my pants about 2 seconds away from sitting down on the toilet. I sighed, finished pooping, took off my underwear and threw it in the trash can, which was mounted to the wall. That was the best solution I could come up with 
Imagine standing 2 stories up somewhere and you need to send a basket full of stuff down to your friend. You wouldn't just throw the basket down, you'd lower it slowly. Except in this case your fart is the rope. Idk where this analogy is going I just thought it was kinda funny tbh 
Well, I live in the opposite end of Atlanta. So, if I'm driving to Louisiana or Mississippi, I hit Newnan about an hour into my journey. Once, I figured I'd stop there, imagining it'd be pretty rural and I could hop off the interstate and visit a gas station. I was dead wrong, though. Newnan traffic is as bad as anywhere else in Atlanta. The fact that it's far outside of the city center doesn't mean no one lives there, it just means poor people live there, e.g. the dudes I saw wearing matching gang shirts with an AK pistol on them. And there are also still country people there too.  The whole thing was, like, a 30-minute ordeal. Strange little town.  
I was TERRIFIED of the possibility of multiples   I know me. I'm not smart enough to tell one from another until they are like 5.  They'd switch identities at least 2 or 3 times a day. 
Hmmmm that is awesome, i gotta buy some fake hearing aids 
Who gives out their real info?  I always give my neighbors address and my mother-in-law's phone number...  Fuckin' A 
I remember it as a Dave Barry quote: "You should never say anything to a woman that even remotely suggests you think she's pregnant unless you can see an actual baby emerging from her at that moment." 
30 year old me never made that association, let alone grade 5 me. 
The first night I ever drank SoCo was also the last. Ended up grinding on a man I barely knew then projectile vomiting up the walls of a toilet stall. Never ever again. 
I know like three people who blacked out on SoCo at one time or another and can't drink it anymore. Even the smell will repulse them.  I think you are on to something with your last sentence. Hangovers are bad enough but all that sugar really makes you feel like shit. 
This type of person makes me so angry. You're literally taking people's money and flaunting your poor decisions with it. Awful.  
Yeah, no kid of mine is going to be smoking ditch weed.  
Or you put it on your back and some of it decides to join some sweat on a little journey down your back. The inevitable terminus of this journey being the asscrack.  
Exactly this. Tell them this is the plan for today and what time you intend to begin. They can either join or do their own thing. Or try and meet up midday if they want to join only some of the activities.  You can't ruin your vacation because others don't have the same interests or fitness. 
Same. I always tell my friends I don't make loans. It creates too much tension and you learn quickly who is willing or tries to pay you back, and people who just take advantage.  
With flashlights as small and powerful as they are nowadays there's no excuse to not have three or four on hand if you're going to put yourself in that kind of situation.  Hell, I use one to look in my kitchen cabinets. 
The worst are the sloped tunnels that lead to underground rivers.   It's not a quick spike-pit type death so much as helplessly slipping into a pitch black underground river and drowning 
I recently read a post somewhere on r/harrypotter where someone made another good point about that.   Hermione was a first-year muggle born witch when she says that line, so what would have happened to her if she'd been expelled? Either they'd have taken her memories so that she would go back to not knowing about the wizarding world, or (arguably) worse they'd just expel her and send her home, where she'd spend the rest of her life knowing she has this ability that she can't use because she got her wand broken when she was expelled.   I'd absolutely view being expelled as much worse than being killed in that context. 
I'd have told them to break my legs if it meant getting me out. 
Yeah, just read about it. Everything was done right, but the rock holding the rescue lines gave. Just shitty luck. 
I'll be fucked if chilli and mango isn't one of the best flavour combos around.  
"I'm pretty sure if we go to O'Halligan's tonight, we'll die" 
The lesson here is to try meth exactly once and it will improve your life! 
"Anyways, she died and I don't really care so I'm gonna go bang my friend now" 
Haha that's quite the combo. Similar story:  I (male) had longer hair for a while after high school. My gf dyed it super dark for me one day. The next day I was asleep at home, probably 19 at the time. My dad came in to wake me up and only saw the back of my head. He thought I was a girl because he didn't recognize my hair. He was super pissed because it broke his rule against girls spending the night 'under his roof.'  Needless to say it was pretty funny when I rolled over and said "what's up dad?" 
Yours! They got love, and all you got was a stupid toilet to hug. 
It's only really in large amounts that they give you issues. The sugar substitute they use can't be absorbed by your body so you just pass it. However, their low caloric content makes them a popular (one-time) binge snack among those trying to lose weight, and eating a whole package will turn your hindquarters into something resembling your username.  
I'm losing it at the image of a man trying to make a cocoon  
What piece of furniture did you identify as? Loveseat? Sectional? Were you leather, or a linen blend? 
Every time Reddit talks collectively about their digestive issues I just think, "would it kill you to eat some fruits and veggies every once in a while?"  
Haha I-85 gets off on Bullsboro Dr, AKA the biggest highway in all of Newnan. Plus that part of Bullsboro is right in the middle of all the stores and restaurants.  What gas station did you go to? The Chevron by the interstate?  Glad you had fun in our wonderful city. 
Probably for the best - kids can be cruel, you don't want to be the one who started the Sandy Claus taunting 
I puked Southern Comfort so hard that it firehosed out of my nose. I must have a fossilised veneer of Southern Comfort puke toffee coating my sinus, because twenty years later the smell of it still turns my stomach and it's joined the very short list of Things I Won't Eat, along with balut and that Scandinavian tinned rotten fish. 
Oh my god, yes. Meanwhile, the coworkers who really had issues, illness, accidents, what have you, we'd take collections and we wouldn't think twice about it because they were using the money as we intended. This one piece of work? After her, I'd hesitate every time something like this came up wondering if I was about to get scammed again.  
You need to give your parents a PowerPoint on how to evict someone. 
Thank you, that's exactly what we did. Semi-annoying knowing that they thought we were rude for doing this. But I guess what can you do? 
Yeah. There's no excuse to not have at least several backups. One guy in my scout troop growing up was big into caving and even 15 years ago, he had probably 5 or 6 different backup lightsources ranging from a large collapsable spotlight to glowsticks to a torch that'd burn for like 30 minutes. There's no excuse for being blind in a cave if your headlamp goes out. 
This sounds like the most terrifying way to die I've heard of, second of course only to being in an underwater vessel that explosively decompresses. 
If you haven't read/seen it, *The Magicians* explores this. It's a book/TV series where college students get picked and sent to a magical university where they learn about the existence of magic and have to pass an entrance exam. If they fail they're supposed to be brainwashed but one of the character manage to make herself remember, and it haunts her ever after.   It's a cool universe. Essentially a mix of Harry Potter, Narnia, and quarter life crisis. 
Probably should have gotten him out and away from the hole before they started celebrating, but I suppose that's easy to say in hindsight. 
The Seattle family  Only.in this version the real mom dies on the train of tragic fatal bitchitus and OP and train wife get married and adopt the two rapscallions   Redditor will be played by Jason Bateman or whatever his name is, guy from arrested development  Mom will be played by either cameron diaz or nicki minaj  Kids are to be played by some childstar that society will only know for their future DUI arrest   
There was nothing romantic between us, we just formed up into a family unit as needed and worked well together. I want to say her name was Amy. 
KSP changelog v1.4: -new propulsion method: Lactose Drive  
1 mouth-sized (no cheek expansion) sip every fifteen minutes.  Absolutely not satisfying, but absolutely life-saving. 
Water doesn't need to be metabolized.  Most of the water you drink is soaked up through the stomach lining by the blood vessels surrounding your stomach (there are a lot of them).  The need for electrolytes is because you loose a lot from diarrhea, and if you can't keep food down, then you aren't absorbing more.  Similar to water, electrolytes are absorbed into the blood from the stomach lining, but if your food doesn't stay there for long, the salts don't have enough time to dissolve into the fluids and into the blood.  If you drink gatorade or something, the electrolytes are already solvent and absorb faster.  Also, gatorade has lots of sugar, which is normally bad for you, but when your blood sugar is dropping due to lack of food, some straight sugar is very helpful. 
We also have a 9month old shit, and another little shit on the way.  
I wish my issues were as calm as a buttery shame cave. 
He basically managed to duct tape himself to the wall of his stateroom.  
Remember back in the Sixties, when they had television sets built into large cabinetry?  One of those.  With the tube blown out. 
No, no. Helplessly slipping into a pitch black underground river and drowning wouldn't be that bad. What would be *really* bad is helplessly slipping into a pitch black underground river and waking up, washed up in some part of the cavern. You wouldn't have any idea how long you'd been carried by the river, how far it had taken you. You wouldn't know what kind of a chamber you were in; how big it is, if there are tunnels leading out... or farther in. Your flashlight would have run out of battery or been ripped from you in the river. No way to call for help. No way to eat. No way to escape. Only crushing blackness and the roar of the river to keep you company until you die, utterly alone and at the mercy of the unknowable.  
Bear in mind that at this point, the rescue team would have been working for a long time. In their minds he was safe so they stop to take a break and eat, because a rescue worker with no energy is useless. It was just very bad luck that the anchor point then failed.  
The fact that you don't remember her name makes the story a bit more dream like. Like the effects of your experience are still with you and there are details you remember through the haze...but it all seems a bit surreal that you experienced it at all. Great story! And may you never be stuck in a train that long ever again. 
Yes, I shall miss him greatly. He was a great man, though he did take jokes too far, and this one he took to his grave. He will forever be remembered.  So, cross visiting my own funeral off the list. 
It's the option of definitely dying and probably dying. I'd take probably.   
This needs more upvotes. You've hit the nail on the money - trains connect every city along the way, not just point-to-point like a plane. 
Thank you. Yes, it was *very* surreal. I remember that maybe Train Wife had reddish hair, Isabelle had big brown eyes and that Mike had salt and pepper hair. These were people I spent roughly 24-36 hours with almost ten years ago. Names and faces are fleeting; I struggled to remember Isabelle's name before I started writing the comment for about ten minutes. I hope the kid grew up with a fighting chance, she's probably around 12 years old now.  
I've yet to get so drunk that I time travel, but I hope one day soon I may accomplish this. 
Definitely die a slow, prolonged death or possibly die quicker of shock from broken legs? It seems like an easy choice. I would tell them to shoot me in the head before I spend a whole day in a dark hole upside down. 
"Hit the nail on the money"  I think you blended two idioms  
...do you mind if I steal this for a story idea? I might never write it but I want permission just in case because I feel like it might inspire me. 
Drunk enough red bull and vodka and you will.  WARNING: you can only go forward in time and when you get there everyone is mad at you. 
Yeah, well don't cross the road if you can't get out of the kitchen.  
Dude, inspiration is something that happens, not something that gets stolen. Go for it, but just make sure you make it your own as much as possible. 
You really took that bull by the horns and ran it up the flagpole 
I know it's so hard right now, but in time, it will get easier. 
Who cares about the box. It's what's on the inside that matters.  
This sounda like something ray leota would say while narrating good fellas 
"They're gonna have to see this stuff eventually. It's part of growing up" 
I'd punch someone if they ever said any of that to me in a funeral. 
This is awesome and all, but I'm not sure it would be appropriate *during* sex. 
Were she was untrusting of anyone that showed up to her house and made them sign a guestbook?  Or were they really just ornate about their home that it had to have a guestbook?   
and it's his only comment... calling r/karmaconspiracy ! 
Tragically, he was unable to finish optimizing his family tree due to a prolonged case of being in prison. 
"I just hope the young ones can handle it. It's often the hardest for them." 
I think I'd do so in either context. Especially the second to last (although it might warrant something more violent than just a punch, in the case of sex). 
Angelica, thank god someone who understands what I'm struggling here to do.  (It was close enough I figured) 
What, you've never done 3rd person narration out loud during sex?  
I don't think this is appropriate at a funeral or during sex  
He's got a funeral and some sex happening on the same day 
I'm a simple man, I see old Fall Out Boy references, I click the upvote button. 
She just loved her home. It really is a beautiful place! 
"10/10 Would ride again. Excellent water pressure. Coffee was delicious." 
Uhh... What? Little more context for those of us not in the know? 
What was Wenger thinking g bringing Walcott on that early? 
Oh my god you are right! Also look at the name! This must be op using the double trouble post tactic to get his karma exports for free! 
Exactly. I highly recommend involving 3rd person in the bedroom as often as possible.   
Some people are proud of their home and nothing wrong with that.  We all get a bit silly for things we're proud of :) 
Remember when websites would have hit counters so you could see how popular they were? 
That's a damn good review! Please, come again soon!  
Funny story. Had a patient who was dying. He was a young guy, no kids, no wife or girl friend. He was clearly the family's favorite child. They requested a urologist to see if he could extract some of his sperm so they could have a surrogate carry his child. That's was one of the most wtf moments I've ever had as a nurse  
Fing about Arsenal is, they always try an' walk it in. 
But what took OP 6 hours to reply to their own post? 
Account is 12 months old.  Seven hours is nothing to someone waiting a year. 
It hope it was one of those gag guest books you put in your bathroom 
Most of them still do, they just don't share that information with visitors anymore. I had a hit counter on my first website, and I'm 100% sure that I was the only person looking at it. I still remember the moment a dumb review I wrote had jumped from 3-5 views to 150 one day, and feeling like I was suddenly a legitimate content creator. 
"Let's conspire to kill ourselves in the most horrible way, a way that's so mind-bogglingly awful, its memory reverberates across entire millennia; then they'll be sorry..."  Sounds more like Goths to me. 
That's what they want you to think. It's a conspiracy I tell you! 
Well technically if you were to believe this conspiracy it would be more like:  "Let's conspire to have the Germans kill most of our kind while our traitorous sect flees to America and take over their banking industry" 
Whomst'd've'lu'yaint'nt'ed'ies's'y'es'nt't're'ing'able'tic'ive'al'nt'ne'm'll'ble'al'ny'less'w'ck'k'ly'py'nd'idy'ety'st'ged'ful'ish'ng'mt'ous'path'let'phile'like'ious'ant'script'ance'iatric'ite'emia'ory'age'ian'phone'ism'arium'ac'fy'ology'ure'pnea'ency'opia'loger'plegia'sophic'ent'hood'otomy'ward'ectomy'algia'orium'tude'cule'scribe'ization'crat'ade'gonic'onym'dom'ship'ic'ical'ial'ize'dox'itis'uous'scope'cycle'osis'ible'ular'acity'etic'cide'ative'plegic'ware'ese'ocity'sion'phyte'trophy'oma'ary'tome'scopy'ily'sect'ern'ist'esque'some'logist'phobia'iasis'pathy'ostomy'ling'ment'opsy'ee'oid'gam'gamy'cracy'ate'ine'oholic'aholic'escence'wise'arian'est'ness'eer'sophy'ette 
That would totally conflict with a whole lot of better conspiracy theories :) 
It's just apologistic stuff for being Nazis at heart. There's a lot more credible stuff out there about people like Henry Ford having direct involvement in using Jewish slave labor at the German Ford plants. 
I know it's a pasta but I appreciate the commitment of the author to find as many suffixes as they could and stick it at the end. Such a fine specimen. 
Do they hate each other cause they fucked in the beginning and dad married her sister or what? 
My wife's identical twin sister is the best sister ever and she has no one else in the town of a tangerine.   Swear to god real iPhone suggestions 
She uh... brought her twin to your date? She kind of started the awkward train if you ask me.  
I like the different colors thing. Who wears the original? 
Do you ever think your brother started dating her twin because he thought your girl was a hottie 
That's crazy. That is literally the last thing I would ever think to ask the sister of the girl I was dating.  
Well said...I'm not gonna lie, my girlfriend's sister is *fucking* attractive. I HATE feeling this way, but her personality does not mesh with mine like it does with my girlfriend. 
My SO's dad has an identical twin who lives in another state with his family. Every once in a while his mom gets calls from concerned friends who don't know that he's a twin.  "I just want you to know I saw your husband with another family"  "Oh no that's his twin brother" 
I dated a girl who had an identical twin. My girlfriend was studying in the US, but her family lived in South America. We went to visit her family, and I met her twin, and her twins fiancee for the first time at a family party.   I few beers later, I came up behind 'my girlfriend' and started rubbing her shoulders...it was not my girlfriend, it was her twin. Her fiancee was watching me the entire time and was just giggling. Luckily he thought it was funny.  
This chick has clearly never seen a bowl of ice cream. There's literally nothing stopping me dishing up two and spooning both of them.  Could you tell them apart from which one was bad at analogies?  
I can explain this. I can't always tell which person I am in the photo when I am younger.  Usually, I have to look at which one is my twin and then realize: she's that one, so this one is me.   I think it is because I saw her 10000 a day when we were kids, but I only saw myself in the mirror when I was brushing my teeth.  So in my mind, I am looking for my mirror image.  Also, we shared clothes so that doesn't help unless I can see our watches or necklaces that we used to help our parents and teachers know who we were.  And sometimes shoes, I guess. 
Makes me wish that at some point in the future I could go to some fancy cloning clinic with a hair follicle, and be like "hey can you duplicate this but make it gayer this time around?  I guess that raises weird age issues though, even if they came out looking 30 
A close neighborhood friend of mine had twin sisters growing up. He was a year older than me, them a year younger. The whole crew paid very little attention to them until high school rolls around. They blossomed like a lotus flower.   I always knew they were off limits, but one time hanging in his basement another (drinking problem) friend started blabbering about how he was going to get with them and my other friend (who I think was also drunk, but not as much so) freaked out, punched a hole in the wall and dared him to say that again. He did, and promptly received a couple hooks to the face.  
The situation with the brother's girlfriend sounds interesting. Can you come up with any examples? 
Definitely misread that as "my girlfriend had long dark hair and dressed like a nipple" 
Holy shit I haven't thought about that anime in a while... 
I've never thought about why, but you're right, I have two brothers and have always been a bit standoffish with their wives, and I think you hit the nail on the head with your 'why'. 
Lots of carefully thought out answers in this thread.  But here's the truth. 
Nothing awakens me more than calling my girlfriend's mom "babe"  
If I'm honest,  I figured Jimmy Carr would have a cleverer user name.  
Honestly not entirely sure. I just remember him telling her to get the fuck out of the house when I was 5 and nothing was every "right" since. I do know She thinks he "abuses" my mom because he lost his job in the recession and never fully recovered so my mom can't spend money like she used to and is apparently "suffering." The twins are also both Bipolar...so that likely doesn't help.  
It'd be funny if it was her plan to get her twin sister hooked up because she herself is not that interested.  
The one I dated did. Their natural hair color was auburn. One of her sisters had jet black hair and the other one changed hair colors often, usually drastic colors like blue/pink/silver etc.  
Well, it'd actually be 3. My satisfaction levels would be through the roof.  
I agree! I'm glad you have that thought, it should be everyone's but it is what it is sometimes.  
Oh god haha I am 100% aware of what you're talking about. Or they ask if we know what each other are thinking at this very moment, usually in unison we just say they're an idiot. (All in jest)  
I completely understand. We look similar, but our personalities are polar opposites, i love that about us though, that we're together and have our own identities. She's amazing and I love her no matter what, we've talked about this like a million times so we have a really strong trust, we used to not be as close so it's really nice to rebuild the foundation with her. I'm glad you found someone who makes you feel apart from your relationship with your sister, it's liberating.  
There's got to be a cheating twin out there that totally takes advantage of that excuse 
Maybe they both tried to swap and they just end up back with their own partner unknowingly?  
Yes. Their genetics would be close enough that standard genetic testing wouldn't be able to identify which couple the child was from. 
I can recognize my wife's ass anywhere, but couldn't tell you what color pants she has on 12 seconds after seeing her.  
"... that's my story and I'm sticking to it."  --sister's husband 
Yeah I think it's oversimplifying a bit.  Since they're different people.  I mean if they're both hot then they're both hot.  But it's not like that makes it any different from any other good looking girl you see.  
"Maybe I should just not smack my wife's ass in public."  Don't be a quitter.  Source: Am wife, ass smacks are better in public! 
I have 3 daughters and have come so close on so many occasions. All 4 of them are the same size and the damn hair colour is always changing, but the butt stays the same. Ever since the first girl hit about 18 I have been careful but have still had some close calls. 
Idk one of my best friends was a twin and I would get her and her sister confused at first and the sister always acted like she didn't care I was around while my best friend was always excited to see me.   If I couldn't immediately tell, the smile of my friend would make it obvious.  
How similar did you and he look? I guess I'm just wondering if the twins had the same type.  
Nah dude could've said "I know" and pulled out his whang. When the sister walks in and sees twin with boyfriends cock in mouth she'd join in.  that's what happens in the many documentaries I watch on pornhub.com. 
Sometimes you are dumb founded  Senpai finally noticed you 
"Hey, would you mind not fucking my sister?" doesn't have quite the same ring to it. 
My brother died in 2013 and I still see him a couple times a year in crowds.  Very unnerving.  I backpacked for four days with our group just a few miles behind another with a guy that looked just like him.  Saw this guy on and off for days and finally had to go chat their group up at a rest stop so I could get a close enough look to stop freaking myself out every time I saw him.  
After seeing a dude punch a hole in a wall it probably isn't smart to keep fucking with him 
An ex of mine used to regularly jolt awake from a deep sleep in the middle of the night, and instantly just start frantically kissing and groping me. Within a few seconds we woule be having insane sex.   That alone is bizzare enough, but what makes it weirder is that he had a lot of sexual issues that made him shy away from sex for long periods of time (anxiety caused by ED and premature ejaculation), but whenever he woke up like this he would be rock hard in seconds and just generally more confident and aggressive.   I'm pretty much always up for a triple x throwdown though so I always went with it even if I was dead asleep. I'd be so delirious and confused but never once complained.   Every successful sexual encounter gave him confidence, and would carry our sex life for a while until he'd start to have problems again. Maybe waking up like that and diving into it didn't allow his mind enough time to psych himself out.  
Well my boyfriend has been single for a few years before I came along, and she has been with the twin for about 4 years so there is an established dynamic of the three of them. She guilt trips him when he chooses to spend time with me instead of them, gets possessive over him and basically has chosen to dislike me from the get-go. My boyfriend sees it too. At least she has a little self-awareness as I guess she was crying about this to his sister a month ago saying "I'm not sure if I feel this way specifically about this girlfriend (me), or if I would feel this way with any girlfriend."   I was pretty hurt about this for a while but have just decided to let her deal with her own shit and limit my time around her.  
And the use of "ladies" to make it sound more classy, when it's really not. 
The short time i tried social dating sites the amount of times i got asked for nudes right out the gate was alarming. The last one i said just go look at porn like i get that its easy and hey a woman with boobs lets see if she'll show me, but why be an asshole if i wont? I said no and the guy went off on me. Seriously..go look at porn! Its everywhere and its free!  
That winky face makes me think "forgiven" means "I fucked her next boyfriend". 
The more I think about it this is the only logical answer.  
"I change my hair every week and a half dude, get used to it." 
Their father was disappointed when she started dating you.  
I want to assure you that doing that is fucking absurd. 
That was my other thought...doesn't even make sense  
Or: leave me alone, Nazi Doctor!  What makes people think we would agree to that stuff?   "Can I pinch you to see your sister feels it?"  NO! Because I know I WILL feel it. 
That's exactly the case. Genetically the cousins would be indistinguishable from siblings.  
 Hell, I have a friend who uses that excuses and he is a single child. 
Sounds like a bad comedy plot.  Both men are played by Seth Rogen and both women by Jessica Alba. 
It would also depend if any of the distinctive variations between the twins (probably very few) carried through to the kids. And there would be enough variation between the kids that two cousins could be more similar genetically than two siblings, depending on how it all combined.  
I mean if you have a get out of jail free card, might as well commit a crime.  
Read that as "received a hand down me shorts" at first.  
If they did that to fuck with him. the story would have had a much happier ending.  
My sister was, I think, 16 at the time, is the same height as my mom and, at the time, had basically the exact same hair as my mom. So it is understandable how the mistake was made, but my god was it funny. I had never seen my dad's face so red before, he was absolutely mortified. 
We still laugh about it in my family. My sister always looked super mature, people would ask my dad if she was his wife way too frequently and my dad always thought it was so weird. Then he made the same mistake, jokes on him. 
Nothing alike. He was a smaller Brazilian man with brown skin, and I am a tall, bearded, muscular white man.  
I've woken up and suddenly realized me and gf had started to have sex in our sleep. When we realized we laughed and continued.  I've also woken myself and a friend up by putting my arm around him when I was sleeping. He is such a fast and witty guy that he grabbed my arm and said: "No you're not getting it back." even as I had just woken him up.  Overall, I'm just glad it wasn't the other way around with those two events. 
It's to the point though. I like a girl that makes sense.  
I'm not putting my dick in anything that's had spoon in it. 
Oh my god, this happened with my ex and I. He had crazy anxiety (we'd be sitting on the couch and he would randomly go to puke) and depression so his sex drive was at an all time low. Meaning we never fucked. I was only 20 so it had a huge affect on my self esteem.   But he did this shit too! We'd be dead asleep and he would wake up and grab me and kiss me and just start fucking me like a savage. It was awesome because he never wanted to have sex in waking life, but I never really knew if he was unconscious or dreaming because he never spoke a word.   In the morning I would ask "do you remember us having sex?" And he would be like "oh. Yeah." And that was the end of it.  
You sound like a very reasonable person. I've found its common for groups of three (one couple and a friend) to have trouble when the "single one" starts dating. I almost wonder if it has more to do with that then the twin thing. I doubt it has anything to do with you. Four years is a long time to form a trio relationship, she's obviously jealous of you taking his time. 
Yeah as someone who endured his adolescent years *without* the insanely easy ways to get such things I do wonder why these guys bother with that crap.  I'm also too old to have ever done the online dating thing but if I ever did I really wouldn't see the point of opening with "nudes??". If I want that, plenty of it out there.... think I might use this app thingy to get to know people and date them like some kind of crazy person. 
You've said "tunnel vision" too many times and now it sounds weird to me. 
No way, sharing a dick with your sister is disgusting, which is why I immediately stopped talking to him when I found out.   That's why the popularity of twin threesomes baffle me.. outside of the porn industry, I'm not confident they happen often.  
Ehh, twins are weird. I dated one in high school and I was only ever alone with her twice. She *always* brought her sister (we did hang out with a group, to be fair) and they were inseparable.  
That's wild, if you and your wife have kids yours and theirs will be closer to siblings than cousins I'd imagine. 
I want you to know I agree with you, and I'm happy that these responses are fortifying my belief there are honest good people out there, I appreciate it more than you know. 
Everyone is played by Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider. 
Not quite.  Identical twins have 100% the same DNA at birth. Their DNA can mutate throughout their lives and epigenetic differences arise, but it won't make an appreciable difference.   If a set of identical twin males were to both have sex with the same woman and she had a child, it would be impossible to tell who the father was. Not impossible as in technology doesn't allow it (we've mapped the entire human genome), the differences just don't exist. A famous case of this happened in Missouri.  So in the scenario OP outlined where two sets of identical twins marry the respective other, their children would legally be cousins, but genetically they would be siblings.  
Shit, wish I was french, then I could get away with smacking older ladies asses. Sorry mon ami, i am le pu pu, and zat azz waz azking foh eet, no? 
Imagine how that must have felt to realize that for a moment he was sexually attracted to his underage daughter, and physically acted on it. 
I'm on it! Now I just need a good story to go along with it. 
Well, we don't know if Chelsea or her sister had sturdy legs or not... 
ever thought about dressing up as jesus for halloween? 
"You like with the eyes, you love with the heart." Quite possibly THE best explanation of the romantic variants of male connections this female has ever heard!  
My wife's identical twin sister and her family in a while  
I've had one on one sex with my twin sister but we've never done a threesome. 
I don't think you're really dating someone if you're never alone with them. 
I am a child on one of these relationships, and yeah, we're pretty much siblings. Very close family, it's kind of nice 
Just want to add to the conversation, that is insanely fucked up of your former bfs. Cheating is wrong, but beyond that family is sacred. Trying to mess with that is depraved. 
You just had to go and spell it all out didn't you...  
How about the story of some guy dying in order to save humanity, then resurrecting some time later?    Oh wait, that's Justice League. 
One year you dress up as Jesus and have the paralyzed twin holding a "Before" sign and the able-legged twin holding an "After" sign.  Next year, switch the signs and dress up as a mobster. 
My wife's identical twin sister is hot but I'm actually pretty vanilla  
Biologically speaking you literally are siblings.  
Thank you for that, and to be honest it never got to them cheating, I'd break up with them or she would rip them a new one, so while it is depraved and wrong, having a strong sister makes a difference. 
Zapp Brannigan: I have a very sexy sleeping disorder. What's it called, Kif? 
My wife's identical twin sister was bob the sims for a foster husband who had a foster husband. 
Wouldn't the guys have to be twins as well (not just brothers) for this to be the case 
My wife's identical twin beds and the rest of your life.  
Double first cousins in general, doesn't have to be twins + twins 
I would almost argue 3/4 sibs. The guys are still brothers.  
Read that in Kevin's voice (We Need to Talk About Kevin) 
My wife's identical twin cities and towns in the morning of the day off today and tomorrow night 
Read that in Kevin's voice (That one famous reddit post about a teacher with a student by that name) 
A long time ago the company I worked for had a similar situation. We had contracted a guy to do some programming for us and he wasn't delivering what he promised. Looking for prior experiences others may have had with him we Googled his freelancing email, which promptly returned the many forum posts he had made on creepshot/voyeur forums. 
On the bright side, if you decide to find a third, you know where to look 
Well when you're sleeping next to someone who feels like they care about you more than your wife, it's kind of understandable. Never been married, never had an escort, but feeling alone when your with the person who is supposed to love you sucks.    Have thought about hiring an escort just to hang out with lol. I'm sad.  
asking for a friend, what's the average amount of tips do dancers usually get from one client? 
She didn't know him at all apparently. That's so sad. 
For a while I was expecting the ending to be that the wife ended up paying your friend for services too.    
These people's SOs do realize that it's usually the client who initiates contact, right? So telling the escort not to contact the client again is just stupid. 
That's a genius cover actually. Offering the free trip made you out to be a telemarketer which would make sense to have on your phone.  
so, sir, we have your underage daughter on drug charges here...oh and um prostitution. 
Any time you ask Reddit a question you'll usually just a thousand "I'm not what you asked for but..." replies. If OP was smart he'd have tried reverse psychology. 
Thats so epic, imagine seeing some girl trying to put her clothes on scrambling out of a house with a gun and throwing it in a random dumpster before running off lmao  me irl 
so interesting.  a girlfriend from my past was super jealous of a close female friend i had and she said she'd rather i fuck some random babe than have an emotional affair with this friend.  
Well yeah you're not gonna hear from him if you block his number 
"So what does that make me?"      "Absolutely nothing." 
The lesson here is to never escort without your robe and wizard hat. 
That's fucked. So that shit is still happening? If your friend couldn't get the cops or cps to do anything maybe you can. It's really fucked up to hear that someone is hurting a child but no one is doing anything about it. Go be a hero, please.  
Anger has a way of tossing rationality out the window. 
More like "how much denial was this lady willing to live in" 
like you usually do, staring blankly at the wall in front of you while silently contemplating where your life is at and where it's going  
Many escorts offer 'social time' at a severely reduced rate! You might look into that if you just want a person to chill with. Most of us loooove social time; it gives us a chance to relax and get to know you. 
That depends on what services your friend is offering. But t could vary from club to club and based off her attractiveness. It should be between $250 to $350 off the bat  
You don't know people watching until you're at a strip club 
Had two friends who made that pact before he went into the army. She was openly a lesbian by the time he got back and a few years later he came out as gay. Good friendship though. 
im sure getting buttfucked by hookers is only a small part of who he was as a person. 
Looking back it was, but at the time I was horrified. 
Going out on a limb and saying that if escort agencies there were illegal there they'd have kept driving and written the bag off as a cost of doing business. 
Maybe right under your nose but it's definitely not getting all over your face 
A lot of expensive escorts live in fancy places. There's a couple of pricey hookers who live in my building.  
Srsly, buy your own shit if that's what you're into 
Heh, it's nothing magical.   It's a form of control and humiliation. Some people like to have their money taken away, some people like to be forced to wear panties. This guy was a great mixture of both. Not only did I get my hourly rate from him, I also got gifts delivered to my house, weekends away with my girlfriends paid for by him. We'd send him pictures of us spending his money, hanging out with cute guys etc. He loved it.   Guys that are into financial domination are in general a lot of work. They need constant attention and they don't just cough up when you say to. Usually you have to "bribe" or threaten them. Emails and texts back and forth etc. You work for that money! 
Seriously she should be canonized for doing more good than most popes.  
I wholeheartedly agree. Thanks, things are pretty good these days.  
She did forgive me. Thanks for the advice. For clarity, i dont live day after day with guilt, but i crops up every now and then. Also, we have children and i missed a good chunk of their younger years because  i was so wrapped up in my addiction, i was there physically, but thats about it.  
i think "sent her down a dark path" is enough to tell that it weren't good reasons 
not sure about cjd specifically  but I know that prion diseases can cause blindness not because theres is anything wrong with the actual eyes themselves but due to degeneration of the  part of the brain that processes visual images.  
If I was cheating, my wife would probably hit me a great deal. If I was cheating and had a heart attack, she would be most grateful if the lady in attendance kept me alive.  That way she can kill me later, on her own terms. 
This is the script to the movie Chloe.  It's really worth a watch. 
It's really nice to see people make it. Too often it just stays stagnant in the roommate situation after 15+ years married. 
This! We talked about this many times, i guess she just forgot.   Normally we also call up to the room first, to ask if we can give out the room number.  In high end hotels most FD staff wouldn't have the balls to kick an escort out tho. What if you f-up and refuse access to the wife of your huge VIP thinking she is an escort. Chances are small but not worth the risk  
She must have considered it as revenge, but decided to take the high road.  
I wonder how that conversation went. Coming from "you're a homewrecker!" To "do you want me to lick your gash?" 
People don't think super clearly when discovering emotional events like a partner cheating. Their instinct is to pin the blame on the person they haven't trusted for years and years. 
Not OP, but if I were to guess, she saw this ad and responded herself to admonish the person actively seeking out married men. The husband may or may not have had a history of cheating, just browsing the ads, or just liked porn. Rather than take, or maybe in addition to taking, it out on the husband she decided to take it out on someone she saw as actively attempting to be a homewrecker. 
Seems to be the way most of these are going.   I was surprised when the married woman didn't want some oral from the gay guy. 
As a father of a daughter this ranks up there as a top 3 fear. 
i have my ex girlfriends number blocked but i still hear from her pretty regularly. she calls me from an unknown number. 
It's embarrassing to look at it, almost. "Straight guy looking for another hung straight guy to pound this tight quivering asshole"  Like I'm sorry to say it buddy but I don't think either of you are straight  
Ha! We are about fifteen years apart in age and he lived with my family when we were growing up. We are more like siblings. 
Oh I totally agree, married guys are keeping up the demand so they totally shoulder most, if not all, of the blame. I probably should have mentioned that I'm more bothered by my uncle's take on down-low husbands -he feels that the wives are, "...stupid and should know better."    
This fucking pisses me off because I get weird hangup calls from numbers all over the valley and I can't find any way to connect the details to figure out who could be doing that shit. 
Wow, that sucks. Good for him, though.  Who knows how long it would have gone on before he found out.   
It's a little more than that.  The psychological loss from accepting that your spouse/SO is the root of the problem and the damage to your life that removing them would cause tends most people to shift their attention to the perceived "easy fix".  Is it easier to get rid of the girlfriend/mistress, or is it easier to split from the guy you have children and a mortgage with, while explaining to all of your friends and family what was going on?  They may eventually get to the point where they kick their partner to the curb, but it's not going to be their first instinct. 
I mean I've only been with one hooker so I don't know if this is the norm, but she let another hooker friend of hers know every time she stayed at my place.  Even someone who would hurt someone who is vulnerable would be stupid to do so since they'd be automatically caught.  Unless she starts fucking you for free, it's about the money.  Any guy who believes otherwise is stupid, although I do feel a bit sorry for them for being so absurdly naive.  It was a convenience/business thing for her.  She got off at 2AM so by the time we got done it was the middle of the night and she'd usually been drinking.  We got along well enough so we'd hang til we slept.  If neither of us were too hungover in the morning I'd pay for round 2.  Never once did I think this insanely hot 21 year old party girl was actually interesting in a relationship with a 28 year old introverted financial analyst. 
Well it's sort of strange. I have friends, very good friends. I think it's sort of fucked up the reason I want to do it. I like meeting new people and connecting, but I'm really afraid of speaking to people. So it would kind of be like, "hey, I paid you. Now you're obligated to speak with me."   I'd probably just end up getting upset in the end when I do become their friend and realize that I still paid them so maybe we aren't friends. It's really no different to me than the good ol high school trick of "hey, I don't know you. You wanna hang out and do some drugs?" And then saving for later the part where you figure out if they are your friend or if they just like drugs. Never did that because the thought of it worried me and felt super fake and atrocious.   I've still thought about just hanging out with an escort tho. Just knowing me, I'd probably just be a little bitch at the end of it lol. 
sorry, i don't know much about the etiquette, that sounds like a lot, are you referring to the VIP area? what about the common area they dance on and privates?  
So did they still get married??? I hear it's legal for gay people to get married now. 
I've dated someone that I wasn't attracted to because I was lonely 
I (girl) have had guy friends admit to me that they like some ass play but have been scared to death to ever say anything because of the outright vile comments they've had from women before.   a LOT of women (straight and even bisexual) are absolutely revolted by anything guy/guy and ostracize guys that even hint that they're interested in it. It's kind of sad. I also think that it contributes to the higher suicide and STD rate among bisexual men. They have to hide their secret because women aren't accepting of it. Female bisexuality is almost expected and celebrated, but guys are still called all kinds of name. :/   and no, since i don't date guys, i didn't partake, but i was accepting of it and listened and gave some ass play advice.  
I get really annoyed when people define someone's being based on their sexuality. For example they tell closeted people things like "you are hiding who you are!". How the fuck what I like in bed defines my whole personality?! It's a really small part of me and I don't think it concerns anyone except me and my SO. 
Well, that doesn't really bother me all that much, since I'm pretty sure I'll never be able to understand myself 100%.  I mean, it really is an illusion that we can ever be able to understand ourselves completely. So how in the hell could we understand someone else 100% too, when they themselves wouldn't be able to?    
Agencies aren't strictly legal as it's legal to sell sex but it's not legal to run a brothel or be a pimp which running an agency is. 
it really is. My ex cheated on me in a similar fashion and I wish I had thought of this. 
It's the best possible tracker because it's entirely deniable.  "Honey!  I found your phone!"  .versus.  "What the hell is this thing stuck to the bottom of my car?"  
Haha, this happened to me unexpectedly. I was living next to this really young looking girl. Couldn't have been older than 19 or 20.  She was out a lot, but would always come home with another dude. I smoked at the time, so I always saw her coming home. At first I just thought she was living the life, sleeping around and having fun at parties.  Until I saw 2-3 guys pay at the door before even entering. Also, some of them were over 50. 
r/MotherDaugherHookerDadindaughterspantiesonaleashvideos 
and gross. lf I ever do this I'm using my wife's panties.  
I can tell you've been giving this matter a lot of thought.  
"My leash!?!"  Poor fella probably had to sit there and watch the entire time terribly confused and saddened. 
I suspect the fact that they were her's wasn't a matter of convenience. 
Right?  Having been cheated on for literally more than half their relationship.  Buy her a godamn house with some nice doggos. 
Releasing guilt is extremely difficult, when you have a conscience. What coping skills did you learn in therapy to deal with guilt? I have days where I just get leveled by a freight train of guilt over something in my past. I've made amends where possible, and I know there isn't anything else I can do.   I've also been on the other side. My wife nearly destroyed our marriage due to her illness. There are years I thought of divorce every single day, but I vowed to support her no matter what so I stuck around. "Vow" sounds cold. I'm in love with her, too. There was a breaking point where she had enough self awareness to seek treatment. It was a difficult couple of years of treatment. The work I saw her put into treatment amazed me, and made me love and respect her even more.   She loved the kid and me enough to put more effort into getting better than I'd ever seen before. It's amazing how people really can change when they accept a diagnosis and genuinely work for it. 
I wish I knew the whole story as to what happened etc. All I got to know was that he was alive...not the total breakdown of the story as to what he said. 
Ex paramedic, part time sex worker- I'm not getting into all my own issues here but I have my reasons for doing what I do. I have a day job in a career field that I love and find stimulating.  I said older, not old. This is a good outcome from many stories where there is no happy ending and I don't know the outcome. I would never let someone die to save my reputation. Interestingly enough, this was one of the few cases where I found out if someone made it. Mostly when you drop them off at the hospital, that's it. There are risks that come with my job and I accept that and I accept that I could get caught. I negate those risks as much as possible, but there is not telling. I have met quite a few of the higher end escorts in career fields that you wouldn't believe.  
Can confirm, someone thought my then girlfriend was a hooker once and I was not amused. We were traveling in California and she had a ton of girlfriends from college in the city that we were in.   She wanted to go clubbing with the girls but I was feeling a bit tired so I said make it a girl's night. I get a call from her at 1:30 AM furious because the front desk wouldn't give her a key to the room (she knew the room number and my name but forgot her keycard) and actually threatened to call the cops on her AND ME if she didn't leave.  I had to come down to the front desk and explain to the night manager or whoever the receptionist was that the girl is actually my girlfriend and she is dressed appropriately for a night out on the town and is most certainly is not a hooker.   
I think you'd just have to go straight for it. Stand there and take the berating then just respond with that. Speaking as a woman I think I'd have to grudgingly respect that level of absolutely fucking off-the-scale chutzpah. 
He almost crossed the boundaries between reality and the plot of a porno 
Been there. I always have a Louie C.K. memory or a favorite animaniacs bit that "we were talking about at work, and I'm still laughing about it" on quick draw. 
The ad specifically mentions married men. Yes, she should be mad with her husband, but she probably doesn't like that people are looking to get husbands to cheat on their wifes. 
"But, uh...no homo right?"  *through a mouthful of cock* "Yeah bro" 
Used to be me. Tried getting stuff in my ass from a girl. Loved it. BUT DUDE IM NOT GAYYYYY.  In all honesty tho, the conclusion I've come to is liking stuff in your butt isn't gay. Liking men as a male yourself is gay. Neither of those things having anything wrong with them. Just the conclusion I've come to.  
I'm pretty certain there's a spam phone service out there that spoofs their number to be one in the same area code and exchange as you, hoping you'll pick up because it's a local number.   
Usually people who cheat have no qualms with taking things that don't belong to them. 
That you for reminding me how good the first one was...unfortunately it reminds me how bad the second one was... 
my wife's first husband cheated on her constantly. a couple of the girls he was seeing contacted her and she put it out of mind using this same mindset. they had a son and had just bought a house. she was stuck in a horrible situation where she depended on him financially and the denial just took over. looking back now she sees it clear as day and kicks herself for not being more assertive but hindsight is 20/20  
Well, of course it's about the money, but men could be convinced that it meant more than that  
It's probably not the best boundary-setting in the world, but I have several clients I consider friends. Not close friends, but there is a connection, and it is genuine regardless of money changing hands. One of my favorite clients is an introverted, socially awkward young man who just wants to talk to a woman in a safe, quiet, no-pressure environment. I'm trying to hook him up with one of my single friends who works in a similar field and has the same hobbies he enjoys. If that's not an indicator of trust and friendship, what is? 
At the ny favorite club it was 25 minimum for a 4 minute dance the house got ten but you could charge more if you wanted. Then for a fifteen minute VIP it was 150 for 15 minutes. The house kept 65 and then 250 for a half hour and so one with their different levels of rooms from booths to actual private rooms with a door and furniture.  
Haha, take my upvote. Nah but she married her girlfriend and his lover later died very young. His current partner is not good to him. They will unfortunately probably get married. 
I hope you're happier now, it's unfortunate so many people underestimate how much lonlieness can affect someone. 
additional sidenote, because you made it somewhat sound that way: also a man enjoying ass play does *not* mean he is bisexual!  
You're getting caught up in yourself. To other people, their sexuality might be a big part of who they are. Maybe because they're closeted, they can't share their interests and friends with their family. 
OP isn't technically a pimp as he works for the girls they don't work for him. That how it's usualy organised to keep it lrgal AFIK. 
"Honey, don't worry when you see me in the news. I called the cops when I found a bomb in my car!" 
The ones in my building are super polite, they share a place, I've heard them discussing camming before too.  It's amazing what you see/hear as a smoker. 
I've been subscribed since I signed up - I figured everyone knew about it by now 
"Oh boy, are we going for walks? ... wait, what- what are you...? but, that's mine." 
We'll leave the light on for you, we'd prefer you turn it off if you're going to do shit like that though. 
"Honey, I must be the luckiest guy alive! I was out with the guys for drinks, and was leaving the bar when I started feeling real bad.  I started getting confused and I wasn't sure where I was parked, wandered around a bit and came across this hotel.   By then, I was falling over and I figured I could just go in the lobby and have a rest, but I get in there and everything goes black.  When I come to, I found out I had a heart attack and this lady I never met and have no idea who she is, she saved me!" 
You sound interesting as hell. Consider doing an AMA!  
"Fuck, I don't need a big dicked dude, I need to get my Dan leaky pipes fixed..."  "K, but can I eat your pussy while you find a better plumber?"  "Ummmmmm......"  "Okay okay... We'll, can I hang around until the real plumber comes?  Maybe he'd like a nice manly beej" 
I've gotten an increased amount of calls lately from numbers that are almost identical to mine so I think there's some truth to this. 
If I could upvote this 1,000 times I would.   They'll take your dishes, furniture, house, half of your 401k, a potion of your future wages, and even their own child's innocence.  
Yeah I can understand. Im not sure what's wrong with me but I use to be super socially awkward in hs. Now whenever a girl ends up acknowledging me, by that I man be super nice when most aren't or just like hang out with me for no reason, I start thinking wait she's super nice does she like me. Then I tell myself not to think that and I might have missed a couple of girls who did have a thing for me but it's whatever.  So if a hooker were to sleep with me for the night I would think man she must feel safe with me. Is nice being with someone.  But fuck if you have a family why would you ruin it. 
Like a business colleague. They can be your friend And your customer. If you're a bodyguard, it's *critical* that they're your friend because they'll take a bullet for you. Paying them money to be around doesn't seem so bad if you look at it as supporting your friend's lifestyle. 
Do people really pay that much just for dances, or do other activities take place?  I know I'm a cheap bastard (don't like strip clubs in general, either) but that seems like a lot of money for what basically amounts to a cock tease. 
Imo it's better that way. She didn't cheat on you, and didn't try to make it work when she realize it wouldn't work. It's tough yes, but in the long run it's much better for both of you. 
I think he suffocated long ago. You tried, but it was too little too late. 
^ Agreed. I live with my girlfriend, most of the best memories I've made in the past two years are with her... My family would have no idea who I was if I couldn't share any of that. 
Oh, for sure. She and I shared a cigarette every now and again. We just talked about life though. Nothing about work or anything. There's no real way to bring up, "Are you an escort or no?" in a regular conversation. 
Liam Neeson, julianne moore, and amanda seyfreid.   You really can't lose 
Dude or Lady, yes! I didn't realize the crazy until she messaged me. Then it turned into an all out war with me in the middle. (Which don't get me wrong, I know I kinda deserved it) But, their level of crazy was far above mine, and I'm glad I got out. Apparently, she was big on having interracial gang bangs and he sent me a lot of pictures of it because he thought I'd fight for his honor, but I was just out there trying to not get jizz in my shampoo. 
At first, I read that as the client becoming such a good friend to the bodyguard that they would then be willing to take a bullet for the bodyguard. That would be pretty ingenious actually...  
Yes they do. I used to charge $100 for me to even take off my clothes and be fully nude in the VIP even though we were an all nude club. I was never naked on stage. 
Yeah especially after only 4 months, Instead of giving it 10 years 
As I am a social sledgehammer, I would totally bring it up and ask how much bank she's making. 
He apparently also liked pretending to be an undergrad to pick up students while he was teaching. 
Reminds me of this dancer I knew, who claimed she wasn't a stripper because 'strippers start with their clothes *on*'   Fun times. 
When you go weeks without having sex, that's a pretty good indication. Then when you do have sex, it feels forced, like one or both of you perceive it more as a chore than something you're doing for enjoyment. One or both of you are not sexually excited enough - man has a hard time keeping an erection, woman is dry as a fucking bone and you have to spend ages trying to get their motor going. Typically one or both partners are getting their "needs" met elsewhere during these times - porn, masturbation, or even cheating.  Source: After 11 years of marriage my wife and I hit an all time record last month! We had sex 3 whole times. 
Ask her how you can enter the business, beg her to introduce you to her contacts. 
That's sound logic right there, that nude dancer is going places 
Escorts/private party strippers are significantly cheaper than going to a strip club 
You can definitely touch if given consent. Sometimes maybe even more. But the chance of a 'finish' are fairly slim. If that's your bag, find a massage parlor that caters to that sort of thing, or find a hooker. 
No need to call a club. If you're on the strip, throw a rock. It will hit someone who will give you a free limo to a strip club.  Never heard of a free bottle of booze though. That part's definitely fishy. Maybe if you have 10-12 guys who are all going, they'll give you a bottle of rot-gut vodka. Even then ... 
It's worth noting that life events can be a factor. My husband has gone off sex just lately and I'm pretty sure it's because I'm heavily pregnant. He won't admit it and says he's "too tired" but this happened last time I was pregnant and things recovered a few months after the birth.    Work stress, money problems or a bereavement are other factors that can cause issues. Sometimes one person has a health issue that needs addressing. A very common issue is for one partner to not feel appreciated outside the bedroom. It's a common story for women to struggle to get into it because they spent all day being a domestic drudge while their husband refuses to help or does the bare minimum. The man might not think it's fair but that won't solve anything.   If life is all fine and dandy and there's literally no other obvious cause then a lack of sex is definitely a big fat warning sign.  
"Ay gurl, ya clients like penis too? Cuz I have one..." 
Which makes it all the stranger that someone would pay for it. 
Have been to dozens of strip clubs, was explicitly offered sex only once: $600/hr.  Promptly told her I was flattered but would have to decline.  
Nah, I have tons of business cards advertising limo + free bottle from just two trips to Vegas, and we were six people. They just usually have a two drink minimum; 2x$10 drinks x 6 people = $120 for the cost of a $12 bottle of rubbing alcohol and a ride in a semen-stained limo. Also, you're in Vegas, so once you start drinking you're likely to buy more than just the two minimum. 
Last weekend I went with my mother to a memorial and on the way back we passed a car with their lights off. I gave him a quick flash of my lights and the other car immediately turned their own lights on. My mom, however, was horrified. "Don't DO that! Don't you know what that means?!"   Uh... it means they didn't notice their lights were off?  
Okay so I watched a documentary on killer bees years ago when I was about 7 and it fucked me up big time...had night terrors about being chased by killer bees that resulted in my sleep walking...well sleep running through the house and running into furniture. Had these night terrors off and on for a few years until the Internet became widespread and I could do my own independent research and figure out that Discovery Channel documentary I watched when I was 7 was less than credible... 
I heard about this too and have never once actually encountered this. Also if your blowjob skills are so weak you can see the other girls lipsticks then what are you even doing. And also gross. This feels like one of those dateline tonight episodes our  moms all watched before demanding to know if we were involved when we got home from school.  
Definitely thought it was supposed to be an analogy. "Spread like a syringe in a ball pit." 
I guess you remember the particularly bad ones. That's probably normal. 
I have the opposite. I've never heard anyone complain about it, but I've definitely seen people post it and thought "fuck off" to myself. 
Every few months there's an ask reddit post going "what items would you combine to freak out a cashier?" and the comments are always the most try-hard nonsense. No one who works in a place that sells everything under the blue sky is gonna go "ohshit he's a rapist!" because you bought a knife, rope, and lube, or that you're gonna fuck a gerkin because you bought condoms to go with it. Because generally speaking people don't use the shit they buy *at the same time*. Why on earth would you think the cashier would think anything beyond "gerkins to eat, lube and condoms for the bedroom, oh god he's looking at me like a creep, and he smells, fuck, just avoid his eyes...." Like do you look at a guy buying a cartful of groceries, sweets, and toilet paper and assume he's gonna turn all that into some weird fiber-filled stew?    And yes, I *am* fun at parties, fuck you very much. 
Some Jewish people I know like to get Christmas trees and jokingly call them 'Hanukkah bushes'. Everyone's pretty chill with Christmas. 
I remember my good friend's dad believed this whole-heartedly about Obama. He once said, "That sumbitch came out and said on live tv that he wouldn't give up his power after his second term!" When I asked him to show me where Obama said it he just acted like it was erased from the internet to prevent an assassination attempt. 
I think SJWs are something that people like to be mad at, so the people complaining about them are usually the ones who look for them. 
Taco Bell was my absolute favorite fast food place as a kid and I never had a problem. As an adult I hardly ever go there, maybe like once every couple years, but I still have never gotten sick from it.  It's probably from overeating. That'll give you the loose poops from *any* restaurant food. 
It totally is a felony. But there's also people who actively seek it, it's called "bug chasing" and it's pretty scary.  
I had one incident, where several people including me(f) entered a hall. Some guy held the door open and a man who was walking in front of me thanked him kindly. "Hodor" said "I'm not holding it for you, I'm holding it for HER!" while pointing at me. I deliberately ignored him for that.  There are people who even make holding a door open seem a dick move. 
I was told to have a "Blessed day" at Michaels the other day. Obviously, public Christianity isn't a problem. 
Can confirm. Briefly saw a gay couple once, married a horse that same day. 
The largest spoon collection is reportedly the Bertha Schaefer Koempel Spoon Collection in Paterson New Jersey, USA. It contains over 5,400 individual spoons, and I think it is safe to assume under 10,000.   This probably isn't counting cutlery manufacturers and people who have really large numbers of disposable plastic spoons for various reasons. 
My cousin lives waaay out in the sticks. I mean, they have a use for the phrase "the main dirt road" because they live on a dirt road that is off of another dirt road. It makes the front page of their weekly newspaper when the grocery store has a new manager. Every second or third post on facebook (by some miracle they have decent internet service) is some macho bullshit about being ready for ISIS. A lot of stuff about Muslims too, even though I'd be a little surprised if any Muslims lived within 20 miles of him, or if he'd ever met one. 
The closest I've ever gotten to it is seeing someone I knew who LOOKED like a welfare queen...she was on WIC, so food stamps for people with infants, and had a cell phone, (knockoff) designer purse, nails done, and obviously dyed hair. But her parents still paid for her cell phone (she was married at this point), the bag was less than $20, and she did her own hair and nails (she worked at a salon). But anyone who just glanced at her likely would have thought that she was gaming the system.  
Yes. The only place I've ever seen lots of trigger warnings is shen it's a site/board forbpeople with mental illnesses or a history or severe trauma. And yeah...people with PTSD or anorexia or who cut need trigger warnings 
A muslim family lives down the street from me. I've only talked to the husband briefly, but the only reason I know they're muslim is because my neighbors told me to watch out.  The other day, I saw the father outside, mowing his lawn in cutoffs. It was terrifying.  
At least the person you were talking to accepted that. I usually get a response of "there's some sick people in this world! They'd do it for fun".... Ok sure, whatever. 
I'm in south Texas and my dad recently got attacked by "killer" bees. It was pretty bad, but I didn't think they could be "killer bees". Those aren't a thing here, right?   They got a professional out to remove them, and he was right, they actually were killer bees. I definitely plan on reading up about them, now.   My dad got stung many, many times, but didn't go to the hospital and is much better now.  
I knew some rich guy who would give out nugs to some of the older kids on Halloween. But that's a little different. 
To be fair I'm a 30 year old male and I wouldn't eat a strangers home made lollipops either.  
Lol. I guess no one really thought of the profits being lost just to poison random 6 year olds. 
You have to wonder if the writers occasionally make bets with each other as to the most outrageous thing they can get people to take seriously. Just to annoy all the teenagers out there. "Fidget spinners: The new marijuana injectors?" or "Pokemon Go! Is it Craigslist for teen prostitutes?" 
To be honest, if I were interviewed for a book, I'd also make my party life sound a lot more interesting than it actually is (drinking a bit and making sure all of my friends who drank a lot/too much get home all right).  If anyone is up to show me how to get a rainbow coloured dick, I'd be down. 
Maybe the real story was about how teenage girls suck at blowing people? 
It was. However, it was a minor part of it. The episode was mainly about how one of the kids had measles because his mom thought vaccines caused autism so the mom got prosecuted. 
You smoke all of my weed or I will kill you child! 
Most of the time when someone says "I don't drink" the rest of us are just like "good on you man, that's probably the right choice, please drive me home later while I regret everything I've ever done." 
Because, honestly, everyone offers their drugs out of courtesy, a social imperative to share, but is relieved that they can keep more for themselves in the end. Except for hard drugs. I don't imagine many people offer to share their heroin very often.  
Provided... Shit like this does happen.   The 1% can get pretty bad.  
Maybe you shouldn't have opened every call with 'alright fuckface what is it this time' 
not as slippery as the ones that created the stereotype, that race is extinct  
They do and I was TERRIFIED of quicksand as a kid. We went to some amusement park and there was a story walk through that had a quicksand scene and I just lost it and had to be taken home early. Adult me is very grateful that it isn't an actual thing that happens everywhere. 
It's gunna look just like *regular* sand... but then y'gunna sink into it.  
Yes grad students as well. My labmates are always talking about how they work these long weeks, but in reality we just work odd hours that seem long. I often work 9-2, go to the gym, and then work another 2-3 hours in the evening because that exact reason that we often schedule our own time. That's a typical work day of 8 hours, just at different times than the typical worker. 
I've been in more fights because of Monopoly than GTA.   Although, in fairness, Mario Party has caused quite a few as well... 
is the lunk alarm actually a thing? It just seems too stupid to be true. 
This is why when I know my husband is taking our daughters somewhere I make sure it's a place with a family restroom. No one has to feel akward. 
I agree. Men peeing is not, and should not be, a traumatizing thing to see. 
You say that but i very clearly remember 2 ladies who came in and bought 1 cucumber, strawberries, whipped cream and lube. My mind instantly thought "well they're going to have a fun afternoon".  
Also had this happen but in a Wawa. It was like 10:30pm and I stopped to buy a tin of tobacco and an apple. She says "Oh trying to cancel out some of the bad with the good, huh?" And I was so exhausted from work I instantly replied with full sincerity "what?! oh no! I'm going to be smoking with the apple...." Her face was a mixture of horror and confusion, accompanied by an awkwardly long pause.  
Retail robot mode is real. Once you get into the swing of things you just shut your brain off and go with it.  I was so in the zone one time I didn't realize my own mother was the customer until I was halfway through the transaction. I was so focused on scanning and bagging I failed to notice she was standing right in front of me. 
Pretty much every Jewish person I know loves Christmas more than the Christians I know. Dunno why, but Jews love them some Christmas.  
you get three days off work for Christmas?  I get christmas day...any other time is PTO 
In retail most of the customers are immemorable, excepting the few that are really nice, or the ones that are looking to find any and all reason to become enraged over things no matter how petty.   
Have you talked to him since then? A bunch of people who were predicting that have pivoted over to the Deep State idea, the one where Obama didn't *really* step down, and is controlling everything from the shadows. 
I get worse shits from eating too much pizza than late night taco bell. 
That may be because of fiber. Beans have a lot of fiber and these people who complain about this likely have terrible diets that include no fiber whatsoever.  A well balanced, healthy diet should include plenty of fiber. Its good for you. Fiber helps keep things moving. 
There was a really tall like maybe 6'5 super generic neckbeard type in my school and on the first day of class, he held the door open for the 3 girls infront of me, while us 4 where talking (3 girls+me) but he held it awkwardly diagonally so you had to walk under his arm then he just shoved infront of me and didn't let me through while literally saying, "And they say chivalry is dead".   I thought the neckbeard stereotype was just some stupid internet cringe shit, but man that was actually hilariously sad. 
I recently got to work where the lobby area in front of the elevators was jam packed and all dudes. We're waiting, the elevator finally shows, there's definitely not enough room for all of us.  Captain do-good at the front of the line parts the crowd like the red seas and *insists* that me and another woman that had come up behind me go first. Men who had been waiting longer all have to give up their spot in line and mash up against each other to make room because he will not take no for the answer and none of them want to come off as an asshole for refusing.   I definitely considered telling that guy off. No win situation. If I kept refusing, I would have been a bitch. Cutting all those men off was also a bitch move.  
I have to say it isn't true. As a German, I do hold doors open, but here at workplaces it's pretty much fair game. Anyone in the more convenient place to hold the door open holds it open. But we often hang our heads mumbling "thanks" into our beards while quickly sliding through he door 
Yeah I got yelled at in NYC for sitting down on a train and the older lady sitting next to me, who reminded me shes been at Columbia for 19 years, for not offering my seat to a healthy looking, young woman. I was pretty drunk and just needed to sit down so I was so confused. But yeah, just that once. Every girl I talked to about it said it's wrong to treat anyone differently because of gender which I totally agree with 
I was at the mall and made eye contact with a gay couple, so we had a 3 way in the water fountain 
It's people like this who get manipulated the most  
Quick! Abdul! We must strike against America's Third String! 
Amazing. My neighbors are black and my grandmother is always like "But aren't you, *you know*... nervous?" And I always say, "About what? They're nice people." She never really has an answer. Chill Grandma, you don't even know a black person. 
seriously, like they're just people. it becomes a lot less "us vs them" when you're both standing in walmart in your pajamas at 2 am  
This is probably the case more often than not. I qualify for a few low-income programs and have been on food stamps. Where do my name brand clothes come from? Goodwill. I take the bus to wealthy neighborhoods and buy their castoffs for under $5 a piece. Lasts me longer than whatever you could find at the dollar store. 
'What a bunch of snowflakes!'  Says some guy who gets enraged when no one told him two guys kiss in a movie he's watching.  
I was actually impressed with 13 reasons for this exact scenario. At the beginning of two of the episodes it says (paraphrased) "Hey, there's rape in this episode. Just thought you should know" I was impressed because so often in media stuff like that is portrayed just seemingly out of nowhere. You're watching a movie or tv show then suddenly BAM! There it is.  I've known someone who has been sexually assaulted and I decided to watch law abiding citizen (for the first time) with this individual. I had to stop the movie because of what it was doing to this person.  Trigger warnings are no joke and shouldn't be used as one. People do fucked up shit to people and it's not easy to get over stuff like that. 
I listen to a radio show where one of the guys doesn't understand lawn care.  It's truly terrifying.  He thinks mowing his front lawn once every 3 weeks in Texas is ok, and he wants to do the back less often.  He's a Muslim.  Although, I think the real problem here is that he's a recent transplant from NYC.  But, who can really say? 
Well, you see, they just want you to think you're still living under regular law, but *secretly*, the Shakira law has taken over!  
Of course now Ilhan Omar, a Somalian refugee, is in the Minnesota state house - so it's only a matter of time before she brings in Sharia law! Except her biggest policy planks are a $15/hour minimum wage, and free college for low income families. So, you know, Sharia law. 
Before they can open their mouths to complain, they're already dead. 
But then they flash their brights and you realize that HID lights are super fucking bright for normal headlights. 
If it's a country road where the speed limit is arbitrarily low, I always signal drivers approaching a speed trap. 
Some of the Silicon Valley tech billionaires will give out king-size candy bars for Halloween. Not fun-sized, king-sized.  Thats better than drugs. 
As if you wouldn't see the cut in the apple skin. Seriously, how could you cover that up? And how do you get the razor far enough in that it doesn't make a huge dent in the apple?  
perhaps if the media stopped misrepresenting the drug trade people would have a clearer picture.  I'm not even sure if society at large realizes it's just about money. 
It was Oprah. It's a common example for media panic spirals: nonexistent or statistically rare to the point of improbable events are reported, which creates awareness and the sense of greater presence, followed by attempted copycatting and confirmation bias. 
You see, a pimp's love is very different from that of a square. 
When I was 15 me and my best friend raided the medicine cabinet before we went out and had a choice between Rohypnol and Adderall. Being stupid and not knowing the difference between the two (this is back in the day before everyone and their dog was prescribed to adderall) we picked the Rohypnol and thus roofied ourselves. I think I slept for two days afterwards and my friend had to go to a N'SYNC concert the next day wih her family feeling like death. 
I'm suddenly imagining that 90% of the teens she interviewed had never been to that kind of "party" and were exaggerating or making shit up so no one knew how uneventful their lives really were.   "Oh, yeah, I go to parties. Lots of them, like all the time. ...Uh, well, usually I drink like, 6 beers and then 10 vodka shots or so... And then I have loads of sex, like, with tons of hot girls. ...Rainbow parties? Oh, uh, yeah, of course, all the cool kids do..." 
Doesn't have to be teenaged girls. Middle aged guys can wear lipstick too, you know.  
"Does your daughter absolutely *blow* at blowing? Find out tonight at 11." 
I quit smoking about a year and a half ago. Everyone tells me they are proud of me and to keep it up while they smoke in front of me lol. 
sounds like every interaction ever with stoners and people who don't smoke 
That's actually a really cool, thoughtful way to do it. I was a band nerd, but I feel like if someone had phrased it that way, I might have partaken in some product. 
You'd be surprised. At a train station one night I was offered a hit by a junkie I'd never met before. I politely declined.     But I have had friends who were addicted to heroin. They were always very generous with other heroin users. None of them would ever have offered any to someone who didn't already partake.    I even found crack dealers in not-so-great parts of the city to be very courteous when I declined their offers. Although I didn't always decline in my younger days.  
Sounds like those over protective parents that are against school shootings. Like stop being a helicopter parent and let kids be kids for once.  
Not extinct! You can still find gros michel, they're just not common. There's still an active effort to breed disease resistant gros michel, because they have superior benefits as a cultivar for transportation.  If you want more banana facts, just ask! 
Coronation Street (super watched UK soap) had a quicksand storyline the other week.  The character didn't die though, his arch rival nemesis saved him, coz you know, it's a soap.  Though, the place it was filmed in does have quicksand irl and people have died on British beaches due to it. 
I think there was study saying that it was frustrating games that caused violence rather than violent games... Can confirm i get more angry and violent when playing frustrating games. 
At the gym I go to we had a guy use a strap (instead of a metal grip or his hands) to do some standing bar rows. He was kinda cheating them up and lost his grip.  He stumbled backwards and bumped into the emergency exit door, which set off the alarm.  It's now called the lunk alarm.    
I do a lot of meal prep so I usually wait for a sale and then I'll go buy like 20lbs of ground beef or 10lbs of cheese or two or three pork shoulders, etc. and I swear someone in line comments on it every time. 
I'll give you that, but strawberries and whipped cream on their own would mean a nice time.  
I was just like "if anybody judges me for being responsible, they can go to hell."  
*Cards someone over 21 for alcohol*  *Wonders why they're buying it*  She's a lost cause already.  I'm sure your purchase wasn't the only one she had commentary for that day... 
Worked at a pet store for a couple of years awhile ago.  Some very old people buy up the cat food (especially the cheapest, like Friskies at $0.50/can) and eat it.  Holdover from leaner times. 
Because we can get seated immediately at that Chinese restaurant with the awesome egg rolls down the street that's always packed except on Christmas when all the Christians are at home with their families. 
Have they seen the pictures of Obama before and after he left office? Dude looks like he's got the weight of the world off his shoulders. If running the executive was hard from the front you'd think it would be even more stressful from the shadows. 
I don't think he collected the money. I think he just got beer. 
I reside on a campus with a big nerd culture and have witnessed some of the cringiest neckbeard acts. I've never seen it happen but I've heard of guys in a trench coat, fingerless gloves, and a fedora hold the door open and 100% seriously say m'lady.  
For what it's worth I imagine that none of the men thought you were a bitch. They just recognized that guy as being an asshole. 
Oh I know, it's awful. Then when you try to smoke said cigarette someone else walks up and starts smoking with you, talking about how bad the world's getting and how you can't keep your doors unlocked anymore. 
The best strategy for a nuclear war is to try to be close enough to the blast that you're vaporized because the living will envy the dead. 
This is the story of my life. I work for a fashion company but make so little money that I qualify for state aid. 90% of my wardrobe comes from buying samples from my company for $5 each, while the other 10% comes from the nice Goodwill where I can easily find new name brand shoes and nice appliances.  
Did you see the dudebros *melt down* here on Reddit when the main character of the TV show Black Sails turned out to be gay? The show had several lesbian characters, and that was a-okay, but a GAY MAN who's the main character?? that they're implicitly supposed to identify with and empathize with?? Some of the reactions were the internet equivalent of watching a toddler throw a tantrum in Walmart. There was someone on the Black Sails sub who tried to argue it was "cruel" to foist a gay character on predominantly hetero-male audiences. Get the fuck outta here with that shit! 
Okay, we're gonna need someone to pull up the Sharia Law chapter on gardening, cause there's clearly a religious disconnect here somewhere. 
Tell your dad to wear a thaub next time he mows. He's distracting the neighbors with those glorious legs. 
Under Shakira law it is punishable by death for the hips to lie.  
Oh my gosh me too! I scared myself so badly I convinced my doctor I had a heart problem. I wore a holter monitor for two days and was diagnosed with... anxiety.  
How to make a name for your story's protagonists:  Think of normal name/word, fill your mouth with cereal and attempt to say it. The sounds you make become your protagonists new name.  
Pretty sure it's supposed to be a candy apple. You wouldn't see it because it's dipped in caramel or something. 
Ugh, something about imagining Oprah talking about bjs is so wrong, it's like seeing my grandma naked 
What were your parents doing with roofies in the bathroom anyway? 
"And then we smoke a couple of joints and eat a couple pans of pot brownies and run the streets naked with reefer fever!" 
Realistic goals. I like it. Good Goals should be "SMART"   Specific, Measurable, Acheivable, Realistic and Time Limited  I think you're doing a good job of this. Keep up the good work and positivity 
"I don't need to see this, I already know the answer" 
I fully appreciate that not smoking, drinking, or doing any drugs would absolutely be better for my body. I'm glad for people who don't deal with shit like that tbh. 
It's not sweet, it's responsible. That's the type of person you want around when you take drugs. You always need a minder if you've never taken a substance before as you never know how you'll react. 
Cause if you cant find any you can get help from the friends you share with. Paying it forward so to say. I mean that for almost anything drugs, money, places to stay whatever. 
the only thing that protects a good kid with a gun from a bad kid with a gun is a teacher with a gun.   or something like that 
I think she bought a bunch of syringes, dismantled them, threw away all the pieces in separate trash cans, and then threw the packaging into a ball pit.  
For what it's worth, they do sometimes overlap (see: Dark Souls) 
I really want to know what you meal prep with 10lbs of cheese 
You say that, but their plan was to eat cucumber and whipped cream. Then they put the strawberries in each other's butts. The lube was for a friend that was having a hard time getting in and out of their cosplay costume. 
I grew up in a very conservative household where having sex was regarded as one of the worst things a woman could do, it took a while to break the stigma in my mind 
Meh, she was a really nice middle aged Indian lady. India is a really conservative country when it comes to that stuff. She was just being friendly really, my girlfriend and I both thought it was really funny that she got so uncomfortable about it all. 
Yeah I never understood the need for the fake interaction, 99% of people you can tell right away if they're up to chat or not, I've been told to smile more, and I've been told not to look so happy, so it's hard to please anyone, the task is absolutely mind numbing, and the fact that they don't let you sit down is just icing on the cake  
Everything bagels are some of the most despicable false advertising I've ever seen. Oh wow you've got poppy seeds and sesame seeds and some garlic yeah you're right that's just about everything. Call me when you've put cinnamon and sugar and raisins in that thing and maybe I'll accept that as "everything" as far as the bagel realm is concerned. 
He's literally going on yachts with Oprah and Tom Cruise. Pretty sure dude's got better shit to do then 'be in the deep state'.  
My brother has low functioning autism and will require a caretaker for the rest of his life.  
I massaged the cheetos out of his beard and took his virginity. 
Oh, come on, no one's going to be dropping nukes on the middle of Missouri.  What's the point, it's Missouri? 
Holy shit it might be us after all. My dad DOES have glorious legs. 
And if you get a candy apple on Halloween it'd be worth the risk. That's a nice score.  
Because I am lazy I'm going to just settle for an ART goal and draw on my dick with different colored lipstick while eating Easy Mac in my darkened single room apartment. 
Yeah, this. Usually if a junkie shares its with his network because   A) he knows what it's like to withdraw and may not want others to go through that hell but mostly...  B) when it's HIS turn to be out he can go back around to these same people for the returned favor. It's kinda like putting some heroin in the bank. 
No one expects the over protective mommy brigade!  
It seems to me that she bought syringes, dismantled them, scattered them, disposed of the packaging, then got raucously drunk and had a torrid lesbian affair that she regretted and yet couldn't quite get out of her mind. 
When I was a manager at a fast food place and I'd receive a complaint from a customer about and angry or unfriendly employee, I'd just talk to the employee. You know, figure out what was wrong or had them down. With as much stress as people can feel in their life it doesn't do much good to get angry with them.  
I've got several friends with aspbergers and you just forget about it because they're just like everyone else. Maybe a tad bit stranger at times or in some ways (one of them hardly ever leaves the house, and we fear he'll wind up like his parents: lazy and unwilling to do much of anything except smoke pot and sit in front of the tv). 
I'll happily take the downvotes to say there's nothing wrong with that. Everyone wants their children to be healthy and have every opportunity for a happy, successful life. It doesn't mean you hate autistic people, it's just that you want the best for your kids. Not something to be ashamed of. 
My dog drank a glass of Jack and Coke once. He stumbled down the hall, threw up, cried to my wife and passed out. Woke up with a hangover and now he's terrified of the smell of alcohol.  
My 5th graders are taught in their drug awareness classes that "marijuana" is (and I quote) "Mexican street slang". I've never actually looked it up, since I don't teach those classes.  
can you start a /r/dailybananafacts or something where you post banana facts daily? I'd totally subscribe and I bet other people here would too 
Organized in a giant circle, all of them being jerked simultaneously. 
Actually, it is a term coined by Americans who wanted cannabis to sound mexian, and therefore bad.    (also mexican tobacco plant) 
I would absolutely subscribe to banana facts.  P.S. are you a bananaologist or something? 
I thought they were herbs? Any idea where that came from?  Also, subscribe. 
They have 1/36th of the things regular buses have to do with things.  
Almost every example of a Cavendish cultivar is a perfect clone of one plant! This is what makes them so vulnerable to diseases, like the gros michel. 
The plants that bananas grow on don't have woody tissue, which means they're herbaceous plants. The fruit of the plant, though, has the qualities that make it technically a berry! 
Baby-dump is also a shop. They even sponsored a cycling team and it was called Team Baby-Dump. At least if the sales go down, they can start an abortion clinic and keep the signs they already have. 
Went there for my one 13th/14th birthday or something. Despite the shit name that place was *way* better than Chuck E Cheese. Go Karts, peddle boats with water cannons on them, batting cages and a really dope arcade. I remember going on the boats with a pocket full of tickets from the arcade that, instead of using a counting machine, the prize lady weighed. I got hella extra tickets. I do remember that place getting shut down or sold due to a sex offender scandal of some sort. Not sure as I don't live in the area any more. 
"Hello, Allen, Allen, Allen and Allen"  "May I speak to Allen please?"  "Sorry, he's with a very important client and wont be available until tomorrow."  "Then I'll talk to Allen."  "Nope, he's in court for the day, and will be for the next week"  "Is Allen available then?"  "He's on vacation for another two weeks?"  "Okay, then can I please speak to Allen?"  "Speaking..." 
I once had two friends who both went by "other Josh". 
That actually doesn't seem weird to me.  Video rental has become a rural business because many of those areas still have limited streaming ability.  Chainsaw repair is also a rural business.  And because rural areas have fewer customers, it makes sense that they would not be able to support themselves with just one customer base.  There's a video rental place I pass by sometimes that is in the middle of the woods (still on a main road, though), and they do other things as well.  Hunting gear, fishing bait, etc... 
That laughing accident would have brought him more business. He's a genius 
I mentioned it lower down but there is a Pho King in Phoenix.  
Out in the prairies of Canada there are Rape fields as far as the eye can see.   Rape is the proper name of the plant Canola oil comes from. 
Yeah having associations with a pedophile kind of seems like a good reason to rebrand... 
Unicum is a really good name, it just sucks that it has 'cum' in it now.  The word means 'a unique example or specimen.'  That would be dope to have a design company named that. 
Dont forget about Pump 'n Munch, another Iowa gas station chain. 
I know someone whose name is Bich N'ga. So glad she pronounced it for me when I met her. 
"My name is Feedler... I'm gonna be *on the roof...* FEEDLER ROOFING COMPANY!!!" 
Boring, he should have gone with "Vegetas", "Beer Gun Festival", "Furtive Gals", "Vibrant Eel Fudge", "A Vengeful Birds Teat", or "Federal Vintage Tubs" 
There's a place in town called Kuts Klips & Kurls. Like, I get what they were going for with the same letter repeated, but ALL OF THOSE WORDS ALREADY START WITH "C".  
The A is so the company is at the top of an alphabetical list 
There's one around here that has a bright yellow honey wagon called the "stool bus". 
I guess I'm the only one who thought "Jew will restore"... 
I'm not far from there and my wife wants sushi on our date tonight.  I know where I am going now.  And she thinks Reddit is a waste of time! 
We actually have a site called publin.ie that documents pubs in Dublin. 
We have one nearby called "Shear Today, Gone Tomorrow" 
In Dublin currently, just saw knobs and hookers which is a bit of a white elephant shop, gets attention so I guess it's a good name 
There is a "Rustic Razor" barbershop near mine. Makes me wonder if the clientele needs regular Tetanus shots. 
I ate at a chain called Dicks Last Resort once. It is basically a Joes Crab Shack but the waiters are super rude as a gimmick. Pretty fun place, definitely gotta go in with a good attitude.  
I saw a liquor store called Discount Liquor but the sign was broken so it said Disco Liquor. That was a better name 
Actually, They get new amazing deals on the shelves every Tuesday morning. Not sure if they do that now, but that's why they named it that.  
Tbh there is nothing to do in that part of Ohio outside of Dayton.  Edit. I'm walking that back to say that there isn't much to do at all in that part of Ohio. Edit. Spelling 
I love this. I love it even more when it dawned on me that the guy answering the phone knows full well he can't be the one who any caller wanted to talk to.  
I have a friend who rarely ever drinks called drunk Jake because other Jake is in recovery and became sober Jake. 
In the town I grew up in, there was a little shop called 'Down Swan Street' because it was, as the name implied, located down a small side road called Swan Street. However, the business blossomed, and the owners were able to upgrade to a larger storefront on the high street. The new name? 'Was Down Swan Street'. 
it's not quite the same, but i like that in parts of england (im using the cotswolds as example here) we use the same name for a whole bunch of separate villages that are only broadly in the same sort of area and therefore have to clarify which one we mean by making the name longer and adding a little description. eg two totally separate villages called Bourton, so one becomes Bourton-on-the-Water and the other one becomes Bourton-on-the-Hill, or the four separate villages of Little Rissington, Upper Rissington, Great Rissington, and Wyck Rissington despite there not being a place just called Rissington.  where canada just does what's necessary, we feel the need to make a simple thing complicated. 
I never expect to see Delaware mentioned anywhere. This is all very exciting. 
Oh god. I went there all the time as a kid and I JUST noticed this. I feel dirty. 
And then everything suddenly makes sense when the only genre they have for rent is chainsaw horror movie  
To be fair, Battlemountain is a pretty rad name. Sounds like a village you'd find in Tamriel or something. 
There's a popular burger place in Melbourne called Huxtaburger.  They opened before the Cosby rape allegations started and they deny it's named after the Huxtable family from the Cosby show, yet their burgers are called the Bill, the Theo, the Denice etc.  They have multiple store now, I can't believe they haven't rebranded. 
There's a Pump and Munch up the street from me. I giggle a little every time I walk by it.  
Damn it, another item of clothing I need to own.    The worst part is they're always made from the shittiest cotton blend they can find.   
I actually always go to the Git-N-Go, they have the cheapest premium gas in Ankeny 
My parents live in a town with a similar phenomenon. The Chinese restaurant is called something like Billy Joe's Country Denim Cafe. 
There was one in my city growing up, but they called it Chinese Restarant. 
Went to school here, can confirm yes they do. We called the school by its unofficial official name urinary tract infection at every opportunity 
Through Pido-File we will create life long memory for your child. Edit. A Word. 
If I ever open a business, I'm going to have to call it A Vengeful Bird's Teat. 
Cuts Clips & Curls Parlour. CCCP. Get a nice soviet theme going. 
"You ever needed to melt the ice off your driveway, had a craving for jumbo shrimp, *and* need your hair did? Well look no further!" 
In Chicago there's the I'll Cut You hair salon. Been there for a decade plus. 
They should leave it, get a disco ball and wear leisure suits.  
That's actually not why. The guy that started it sold things out of his garage on Tuesday mornings. He put out a green flyer, so they call the sale papers "green cards."  Source: worked there 2 years in college. Was told this by my manager who had been there 15 years. Not sure if the still do it this way, but the green card sales were only about once a month. They were on Tuesday mornings though.  
Great curry, went there for the Gaylord, stayed for the dansak   
"I went to Dayton, Ohio, recently. Know what's a fun thing to do there? Pack up and get the fuck out, that's what." - Dave Attell 
I manage a family business with my brother, and dad. We all sou,d so alike on the phone that customers always assume we are the one they are looking for, we typically don't have thr heart to correct them and just pretend to be one another.  
Have a bud named Donny. And another bud named white Donny. Cuz it would be fucking racist AF to call Donny black Donny. 
I know an "aunty Sara" who is called "the anti-Sara" 
A burger place in Ottawa, ON was called "Burgers on Main" because it was, of course, on Main St. But then they moved to Charlotte St. and kept the name. They closed down pretty soon afterward, which I feel they deserved. 
Order the Steph Curried Chicken, he flings a whole chicken at you from 27 feet away. 
"My chain broke! The horror! Where can I fix it? " 
No idea what my family was thinking when they bought it  
Used to be. Not anymore. It is now "Opportunity Grows Here".  
They should at least change their slogan "burgers so good, you'll need to take a nap afterwards!".  
Les Bocages. French, for farmlands surrounded by hedges. Common in Normandy. 
Pretty sure it's a fake site. Like, there was never a company called pen island. 
Lived next to one in Minneapolis. Laughed every time. 
"Sorry, but I'm going to look a *little* bit further. I mean, there might be other salt, shrimp, braid places nearby of equal or greater value." 
Its fake. powered by Adsense (google adverts) clicks. 
also "ni en pedo" (never in fart) means "no frickin' way", and "cagar a pedos" (shit on farts) means to fuck off or read the riot act to someone, or "Va a los santos pedos" (go at the saint's farts) means to go fast. I miss hanging out with Ms. Rossi (my Spanish professor in college... Even though we're in America and most people stick to Mexican-derived Spanish, she taught us Argentine Spanish enough for me to throw off some people (like how I asked for more porotos instead of frijoles, or beans) 
it's not like they're gonna change their name now, though. 
This guy's the only one with the stones to say what we're all thinking. 
I like the smell of rape and of manure on the fields. It reminds me of childhood, running around in countryside.  
Initial ng is very hard for monolingual English speakers, at least in the US. A friend of mine learned Vietnamese in the Defense Language Institute and her best stories from there were the comedy of learning how to say ng- words. It came in useful later when I was learning Irish. 
Hilarious. What makes it even funnier is how the names are Jewish sounding. 
I love my nachos with just the chips and cheese microwaved then add the salsa on top so it's still cold 
You should start a new weight loss trend "The Broke Diet". 
Why don't you just get a bag of corn chips instead of crackers? Slightly less crappy nachos. 
Wait is the coffee cup used to keep most of the explosion contained?  
Without a glass of milk that meal is like a slow death sentence.  
The problem is the people with the laziest food suggestions are too lazy to comment. The world may never know true Lazy Cuisine. 
Dude,  you forgot some coffee and a Hot Pocket in your microwave at home. 
You and my 4 year-old daughter share this belief. She wouldn't even consider regular chicken nuggets until I told her they were dinosaur eggs. 
Yeah, and when you're not home, always keep a pocket dog handy. 
In Norway, this is generally the way to go, except we use potato tortillas. 
I also eat peanut butter straight from the jar. My husband thinks it's weird but it's delicious and filling. No need for bread, just two or three spoonfuls of PB will get you through the day. 
Idk man, i don't consider dodging 5 flights of stairs lazier than cereal 
Get the multicolored pasta from Target. Makes you feel 10x fancier 
You can save a lot of time by softening the potatoes in the microwave while the oven warms up  
That sounds amazing, and "Stuff" is the perfect name for it. 
Our definitions of lazy differ by approximately  0.6 Garfields.  
So easy and so delicious. A little bit of HP, Chili Powder and Cayenne Pepper if you want to get creative. 
Add a couple cans of tuna and extra shredded cheese. It is amazing. 
Try some lentils and shit like that bro. Ramen is sometimes food. 
That used to be my meal for when I wanted to impress myself. 
Fuck yes Spaghetti Aglio e Olio! Easy to learn, but difficult to master and get the balance of flavours just right. Spent months trying to consistently cook a balanced dish.  
People definitely overestimate how hard steak is to cook. No need to dirty anything but one pan, takes less than 5 minutes to cook, add a pad of butter if you are feeling daring.  
For some reason I pictured you covering this with milk and nearly gagged. I guess it's time to go to bed.  
Why are you dirtying an extra bowl when you have a perfectly good measuring cup to eat out of 
As delicious as this sounds, that's a lot of work when most of us are thinking mac n' cheese or rice with butter. Chopped cilantro for fucks sake do I look like Gordan Ramsey??  Just putting in the effort to add the apostrophe after the n has me thinking about calling off work  
I once dipped uncooked tortellini in dressing and ate that for dinner. It takes 5 mins to cook the tortellini but that was just too difficult.  
It'll certainly be faster than waiting for the universe to heat up and die. 
Word. I like the cold salsa on warm cheese combo. Tastes better than warm salsa.  
For breakfast I eat a peanut  For lunch I get to lick an apple  For dinner I get to stand in the mirror yelling obscenities at myself. 
Because we binge eat those so they're not in the house, and too lazy to go get more. 
Or, if OP's already paying for avocados, why not just get the butler to tell the personal chef to make some food. Then have it delivered on a diamond pillow. 
You're just not eating **enough** cereal. Pour half a box into a mixing bowl with 4+ cups of whole milk and **then** try to tell me you're not sickly full. 
So you grease up a coffee cup, crack an egg in it, STIR very important or it will explode! I like to add a little milk and cheese too. Bam you got an omelette loaf in 60 seconds. 
Try Kraft American single on wonder bread for the ultimate experience  
On average, 250 people die per year from suffocating by putting too much peanut butter on their bread / toast.  Source: I made it up. 
I look in my fridge for something to eat, if i don't want anything, i come back 30 minutes later when my standards are lower, i repeat this until my standards are low enough to eat something from my fridge.  Cheers for gold anon. 
Karma's gonna get you for that. 40-50 years from now she's gonna stick you in an old folks home and right before she walks out the door she's going to lean in close and whisper into your ear "I know those weren't fucking dinosaur eggs, dad!" 
Just saw the actor who plays Raffi at a bar in Austin saturday. My gf went up to say hi, shit-faced, and he was very nice about it. 
Side note: my wife thinks hot dogs are raw and uncooked. She also thinks chef boyardees are literally raw meat in them.  
I'm curious as to what your idea of a corn dog is.  
Take a bit of milk chocolate and use it to scoop peanut butter out of the jar. Then dump you SO so you don't have to share and take all of it back to bed and enjoy your glorious sticky jar of shame.  
He jumps down them and can just reach the door lying down in pain. Then calls an ambulance to use as his taxi.  
Sounds like my roommate. He makes pasta with a bit of broccoli and Alfredo because "it takes more skill than spaghetti" literally the same thing with different sauces. 
Not sure about the banana, but butter + parmesan makes a great fake sauce. 
This is what Reddit is all about. I'm giggling (And no, I don't chew) 
these are not the same thing, toasties (toasted sandwiches) use bread, quesadilla use tortilla 
After I wash the potato I let it dry completely and then rub it in some extra virgin olive oil. I'll then coat the skin with sea salt and a bit of freshly cracked black pepper.   The oil will leave the skin nice and crispy and the salt and pepper give the skin a great taste.  
Also works for people trying to lose weight and who usually eat when they're bored.   Nothing to do for the next few hours and really want half a box of cheezits? Just take a nap. 
I feel like his lazy is only like 1.5 standard deviations from the mean. Not too bad honestly. 
This thread is teaching me that at least in regards to cooking I'm much less lazy than I realized  
In The Netherlands, we call the Asian ones noodles. Spaghetti are the long Italian ones. 
Maybe it's because I'm pregnant and like ridiculous things, but I totally dig the nasty stretchy rolls from the microwave! 
Forget poached, you tend to squish the egg all over the toast anyway.   I usually microwave a knob of butter, and some cracked pepper in a (warm) mug for 10-15 seconds, then add a block or two of frozen spinach, microwave 30-60 seconds till hot, then crack an egg or two into it and microwave 30-45 seconds, then plop it on toast.   Feel free to stop the cooking to check on your egg and/or stir it a bit. add more time for two eggs and a cold mug, and let sit for a minute to complete cooking as the heat transfers through. I like a light stir for scrambled eggs with runny yolk. Eggs will explode if cooked too long, and you can stir then a little to prevent a yolkano.  egg yolk and egg white cook at different temperatures so they like gentle heat to cook evenly leaving a runny yolk or else they have that overcooked taste. 
Kraft Mac and cheese is actually intended to be a fully nutritious meal for kids (given they eat about a serving and a half, prepared with milk), since it's simple and easy to make. It's not necessarily GOOD for you (high sodium content) but with milk it's got about a quarter of a kids daily values of protein, calcium, iron, and vitamin D, and for a kid that's being picky it's not the worst choice paired with some orange slices or juice to supplement vitamin C. 
Nah man. I save my tuna cans for my way-too-elaborate tuna sandwiches. Mac and cheese is my easy meal. 
I survived on lentils and potatoes in grad school. Way more filling, cheaper and healthier than ramen.  
Ramen is REALLY cheap in the US. We're talking a couple of dimes per meal. 
So many people get this wrong, Ramen is meant to be the base, cut up some veggies, toss an egg or two in, if you're felling fancy even a 2$ fast fry steak sliced up.   You can make a shitty .30 cent package of Ramen a pretty solid meal with a little effort and a few bucks worth of ingredients.  
I eat my meal out of a plate if I want to impress myself 
Seriously though. I love bacon, but it takes so long and is such a mess. 
This weekend I'm going to make a fried spam and poached egg sandwich in your honor.  
I mean, you don't *have* to have a cast iron skillet. a steak tastes fine cooked in a regular pan or better, on a grill. But the cast iron skillet takes it from "fine" to "gourmet".  
You mean the steak is your side while the bottle of wine is the main course? 
I think the "broke" was referring to your wallet, not your spirit and will to live... 
At the grocery store self check out everything is a banana. 
Ahh so you crack it, I thought you just put a whole egg into cup and heat it 
Non-cheese on non-bread.. I can't believe it isn't nutrition.  
This is what natural selection is all about hahaha. 
Eat it with a banana. The flavour profile is phenomenal. To really kick it up a notch use cinnamon raisin bread. 
As a general rule, if yoy don't know what war just say ww2. It's such a cluster fuck that anything could've happened. Neamard's protip for adult conversation. "Talk about everything you don't know about".  
My son was 5 years old. He stared intently at the tray of newly purchased "dino eggs" for a long time. Then he turned, looked directly into my soul and said "Can I see the package with the dinosaur mom and the nest on it?"   With a false laugh, I told him not to worry, they were really dinosaur egg nuggets!  He has never trusted me since.  This is a true story.  I also let him fall off his bike once too so that adds to it.    
Irritable bowl here , I ate half of one. Never again 
Some people have sensitivities to chicory root fiber (inulin), which is used to bump up the numbers in FiberOne bars. 
IT HAS SO MUCH SALT AND PEPPER IT IS SCREAMING 'PUSH IT'!!!! 
I had an ex freak out on me for eating raw hot dogs because she claimed they gave her sister leukemia. That's when I realized I had stuck my weiner in crazy.  
I work in a grocery store, and I see the Fujis everyday and think they *must* taste good because they're so damn ugly.  
It's a hotdog on a stick, dipped in cornmeal batter and deep-fried. Now I'm curious what *your* idea of a corndog is. 
It's not shame. It's sadness that after a point you can't reach your chocolate (or in my case, an Oreo) down to where the peanut butter is in the jar. A knife becomes necessary. 
Then the ambulance delivers him to the food, eventually.  Hospital food is extremely expensive however. 
Even that is too much for me. The phone call, the answering the door, the anxiety over tipping... no thanks.  
Thanks, Im looking for some meals to expand that arent just eggs :)  
Microwave for a couple of minute, then throw in the oven for half as long as usual. 
American here, I thought we all made this distinction in the US as well... 
That's disgusting. I would never put tomato sauce on my biscuits.  
Throughout the ages:  The greatest generation is killing lamp oil sales. Here's why....   Baby boomers responsible for declining tub and washboard numbers.   Gen Xers aren't buying 8 tracks!    
I'm king of the open face omelette , make scrambled eggs but dont' scramble at the end , dumb whatever you want on top  top with cheese , top with lid , turn off burner , let sit for 2 mins . serve 
Please elaborate on these elaborate tuna sandwiches  
That's how you know the ramen is keeping you technically alive inside, despite not keeping you metaphorically alive inside. 
Almost died while doing this in Iraq.  Put the can of pop-top chef boyardee on a potbelly stove, forgot about it, and when I realized it had been heating for something like an hour I took it off and placed it on the table holding my machine gun.  Unfortunately this was directly in an ice cold wind tunnel position, and the temp change made the lid explode, ninja starring the lid into a wall and covering my face with scalding hot tomato sauce.  I seriously thought I had just been shot in the face by a sniper.  Luckily I was wearing eye protection or it could have blinded me, or the lid could have slit my throat.  Chef boyardee and my idiocy almost killed me that day.  Pretty hilarious in hindsight! 
Flipping is for the weak!  It's not a real omelette until it's been ravaged by your attempt to turn it. 
What a sham, I refuse to buy them on principle at places that charge more than $2.  
Where I live, I frequently catch avocados for cheaper than bananas, but maybe that's because I live in a border state? 
You can do that too but you have to stab it with something like a safety pin first. Then pray it doesn't still explode. 
Try overdosing on Emergen-C and have some real fucking problems. 
Yeah, everyone's system is different, and there are a zillion kinds of "fiber".  I can't even eat one FiberOne - I don't mind a thorough cleansing, but the constant audio feedback is too much. 
I wish I had Gordon Ramsey's shit talking skills. I think you have to be super confident and talented to be able to talk down to others so well though. 
THE STEAK IS SO RAW, IT'S BEGINNING TO EAT THE SALAD! 
Really? Are you sure your store doesn't sell subpar produce? Because Fuji's are big, fat, red, juicy, sweet apples. The only apples I would consider ugly are the little yellow ones that look like prunes. 
who phones to order food these days.   Order & pay online. when it arrives snatch the pizza box out of his hands, slam the door in his face, enjoy pizza. No talking or tip worries needed.  That said, even that little effort is more effort than cereal, so his so i wouldn't order them like him 
Can't even begin to guess how many times I saw my dad eat an entire can of baked beans over the sink post-divorce 
You could put an over easy egg on a baked potato with some cheddar, salt, and pepper. Delicious, adds some protein, and will help ease the transition from cooking eggs to cooking other-than-eggs 
In other English speaking countries, American biscuits are unheard of, and 'biscuit' refers to something Americans would call a cookie.  Now imagine spaghetti sauce on a cookie. "Biscuits n gravy" 
Imagine notifying the parents  "Was he shot?"  "No, he died trying to cook SpaghettiOs." 
or, as I like to call it: "fuck it, it's scrambled eggs now" 
In Finland, avocados are like 5 times the price of bananas (~$0.70 a pound vs ~$3.50 a pound) 
Unless you're talking eggos, waffles take a hell of a lot more effort than eggs 
Also for a bit of a tang, a dash of Worcestershire sauce works well on cheese on toast. 
Bro wtf kinda prunes you eatin? They shouldnae be yellow 
Oh shit man, i'm not divorced but i just saw myself doing the same thing. How fucking sad my life is, jesus christ. 
Sausage gravy would taste better on a cookie than spaghetti sauce though.  
Also pregnant. I know the full-box-of-macaroni sweats *very* intimately. 
I know Worchestershire Sauce is incredibly versatile (seriously, use it everywhere you need a "tang") but I'm convinced it was invented for use with cheese on toast. 
If you view food as just fuel that's not even supposed to taste good, you gain a lot of freedom in life.  Depression too, but there's also freedom. 
Millenials are single-handedly solving the conflict-diamond problem by not buying diamonds.  Non-activism at its finest. 
"it just makes everything taste so English!" - a really old South Park episode.  
THIS EGG IS SO RAW I CAN HEAR JIM ROSS SCREAMING BAH GAWD THAT MAN HAS A FAMILY!!!  
Genuine 100% non-conflict slacktivism, so much slack it's just a pile of rope on the floor 
In 1991, I had what was referred to as a Prince Valiant. I was in sixth grade. It was my choice and my parents let me do it. I never want to do that again. 
There it is. Those damn Hawaiian shirts and frosted tips haha. I was a rural Midwest kid looking like fucking Guy Fieri for picture day.  
Dude. I was a poor kid in an affluent school. The cool kids did it right. They wore baseball jerseys and loose jeans backwards. I wore kind of tight jeans and a collared dress shirt backwards once. Never again. Stayed in my lane from then on.  
Me too, looked great with my JNCOs, chain wallet, and black doc Martins. 
Ah yes, so we're the same age. Gotta have the frosted tips and that flip-up in the front, too. 
The mother of one of my friends when I was a kid got one of those.  She only wore it once to my knowledge.  Mostly because when she put it on it ended up with two brightly colored circles over her boobs.  Awkward. 
Minus the mullet, I think this phase is coming back, but in a more modern version.  
90's? We did this with men's briefs. Jeans falling off our hips and Calvin Klein briefs sticking out, tight belly shirt and pierced belly button. The fashion was stupid but I had nice abs back then so no regrets. 
I wanted to be a cool scene/emo kid at school and I couldn't afford all the stuff other girls had, too! I had the sweeping hair and cheap, shitty eyeliner layered on thick... and the most embarrassing part is that I took a selfie at school like that. Black and white, I was looking down, etc. and I'll admit that it wasn't a bad picture as far as teen selfies go, but my mother insisted that it was just such a pretty picture of me that she put it on her computer, enlarged it, printed it and put it in a frame. It's hanging up in our kitchen ten years later. 
Differing shoes sounds cute!  I wore the same black Converse through my entire school life, but I put mismatching laces in them... at the height of my emo phase, I had a Green Day lace in one and a My Chemical Romance one later. By the time I got bored of changing them, one foot had a sparkly pink lace and the other was rainbow leopard print. I thought I was so cool. 
The problem with goggles and quirky shit like that is you have no justification for wearing it. I want to wear goggles like Naruto all the time but I don't weld that often or have sandstorms that justify it. It is cool for the people that actually make it functional.  
Fuck I forgot about rat tails. Those were always hilarious to me. I remember I had a fake clip on one though to look like anakin skywalker when I had stick fights with my friends 
Yes, my sister and I use to think it was so cute after we saw a character from a show wearing it. We also wore pants with skirts. All of the other kids thought we rocked in the fashion department.  
I don't know when you did it but that was definitely a late 80's-early 90's trend. 
My dad and his buddies were so mad about the feather trend because it inflated the prices of fly tying (for fishing) supplies. 
My mom would patch mine with iron on butterflies and flowers! I thought I had the nicest pants out of all the elementary school girls. 
My sister went through a major industrial goth phase that's still wearing off a decade later. She got very into adding chains to pants for a while - but on budget.  Many dollar store dog leashes and chains were butchered for her look. She even went so far as to go to a hardware store and buy about 36 inches of industrial, welded chain.   Each link was about about 2.5 inches long by 1.25 inch (62mm x 38mm). Not sure what gauge,  but it was some fat chain.  The thing must have weighed a couple pounds (1kg+), not sure how her pants stayed up.  Good thing she was always wearing like three belts, only two of them weren't doing any work. 
I bought a pair of cat ears designed like Marie from The Aristocats at Disneyland and wore them to school every day for a whole year. Funny thing was, I'd never even seen The Aristocats, I just really loved cats! 
Long hair will never die! It's usually just that people get day jobs that they can't look like a heavy metal dirtbag at. 
by keychain do you mean lanyard? if so then I still do it. 
Townies. We used to shout mosh mosh get a wash. Then a year later I became a full blown mini mosher. Ah tribal instincts. I used to spend ages making sure just the tip of my shoe lace poked out of the hole, and never dreamed of tying my shoes.   
And you had to wear a couple of pairs of contrasting socks to tuck the roll into with your LaGears with 3 different laces braided on the ends. 
Most of my summer wear consists of cargo shorts and band tees. I don't even care.  
Bodysuits are back and man do I appreciate them now. I hate when my undershirts get untucked from my pants. 
I mean...at least they didn't let you get a Prince Albert? 
Goddamnit. I was expecting to see me somewhere in this post, but not the top fucking thread.  Can confirm: frosted tips, Hawaiian shirt, wife beater tanktop, even rocked the shell shard necklace for a bit (things broke way too easily). 
I kind of wish big hair would make a comeback because my hair is naturally 80's, it would be nice to have a break from trying to beat it into submission.  
I am pretty sure our generation can take full responsibility for holes in the ozone layer. 
I am not sure the cool kids "did it right" either... 
Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog. You'll have a better understanding afterward, but it dies in the process. 
WTF do you mean you can only find one leg?  Im going to look like an idiot! Get back in there and find my other pant leg! 
I'm 28, only ever owned one pair and wow I miss those pants. Glad to hear they still make them. 
In one of the cargo pockets or in your 70-litre hiking backpack. Since zip off pants are generally hiking pants.  
Ah the good ol' Ski Jump. Back when the world was simple 
That satisfying feeling of slowly bending a spike until it bends in half, ripping out a few hairs.  
Oh man, that just reminded me of a time I went bowling with my parents. It was "cosmic bowling," I don't know if that's a thing elsewhere. Basically it was all lit with a black light and had strobes set up in a few places, they played music, etc.  Anyway, my mom has giant boobs and was wearing a white bra that was wildly visible under her shirt because of the black light. It was really uncomfortable for teenage me. 
Even better than the chipmunks were the gangster Tasmanian devil and bugs bunny.  Before you ask, of course I wore that t-shirt. 
It's OK, we thought purple and pink were equally gay in my elementary school 
Your grandma sounds badass! Pics? (Of the quilt, not your grandma. Well, unless you really want to...) 
There was absolutely nothing wrong with that trend.  The skater girls with the super tight belly shirts and giant saggy pants was awesome.  Awesome I tell you. 
Around '93 or '94 my Skipper and Courtney dolls had baggy pants, hi-top shoes (in pink, of course) and pacifier jewelry. I remember my grandmother asking me, "What is this on her necklace?"   "It's a pacifier."   ".........Why?"  "I dunno, but all the cool kids wear 'em."   I didn't find out until years later it stemmed from the rave culture and related to people taking MDMA. I always wondered if Mattel had someone at HQ that knew.  
Thank you for correcting him, 90's L.A. raver checking in.. that duct tape trick was a savior! 
WHY DO MOMS DO THIS. My mom still has a framed picture of my weeb ass getting ready to leave for prom in a kimono :( 
Oh my god scene kids are old enough to be wives that sounds so weird! Haven't got to grips with that trend being a decade or so in the past yet, crikey.   EDIT This means I'M old enough to be a wife can you all stop it please that's terrifying  
Wait, was that a local thing? Or is that actually a thing? Because I remember some classmates of mine having that bracelet; it wasn't just ironic? Interesting. 
I had the paisley handkerchief cut and rolled up and tied around my neck as a choker for one summer! 
SUPERTHICK white eyeliner!!! And so much limitedtoo - sweater vests and daisies in ALL THE THINGS.  
I think wearing what makes you happy is pretty cool. 
Dammit Dwight, you look like you're about to go to a fish fry 
Are you familiar with ... **DRAKKAR NOIR?**  (cue *Psycho* shower scene sound effect and *3D House of Wax* rocking back-and-forth) 
Formal training in theatrical design, and a career spent in motion picture /tv art departments has something to do with it. Thanks for the props. 
So you're saying it was a tactical choice. I approve!  
It's like all the fashion of the 80s passed out and died in the snow. 
Explosions of bright colors, culminating in neons, were VERY mid to late '80s. 
I have a friend who ties and sells flies on EBay. Makes his living selling crafts on ebay with his wife. He had some good sources for feathers during that trend and made a healthy profit selling good quality, cheap feathers to tweens in the midwest. They'd die them, make little variety packs and sell with a buy now price. 
I know a college freshman who still wears shirts with shit like "Dear Math, Solve your own problems!" or "Keep talking, I get paid by the hour" or just Eric Cartman quotes. And I'm not talking like his comfy day shirts, as far as I can tell it is 100% of his wardrobe. Really complements his gym shorts, Adidas flip flops+athletic socks, and Make America Great Again beanie.  
I never understood the point of popping lenses out of glasses and wearing the frames. Like what the fuck? At least wear clear lenses or something.  
Wait, I do this. I have 30 grey T-shirts and 3 pairs of black jeans. I only wear brown boots and leather jackets. I chose clothes that look good and kept buying copies of them because I didn't want to think about what to wear. A lot of people tell me that I'm almost like a cartoon character and it has become "my look."  I am also extremely hygienic.  
Yeah, they probably just thought I was too poor to afford more than one outfit. Keep in mind this is the same school that suspended my brother for "gang activity" after he and a friend planned to wear identical shirts to school. 
We used to put lemon juice on the the front flip up of our hair to make it go lighter in the summer. And then they came out with sun-in too.  
Black is just easy to work with. Hey, you know what goes good with black? More black. Also pretty much anything can work with black. Beige sweater, black jeans? Sure. Brown boots black jeans? Sure. Plaid button up, black jeans? Sure. It just makes life easy. If I had all kinds of colours and patterns I'd look like an idiot, but since most of my wardrobe is black, I manage to maintain a fairly stylish appearance. 
amazed you could get all the weight of the bottom of those pants high enough to hit your face.  Those things were heavy! 
My friends would call those shants, as in you shant wear those.  
That's not a fashion trend that's a way of life I reckon. 
A guy at my uni has those and he is genuinely a campus celebrity. People stare and point as he goes by; he's a regular topic of conversation. It even got to the point that his nudes were allegedly stolen. 
No way. You couldn't wear those things without a chain wallet. And of course being a 90's skater/grunge kid I had a chain wallet with about 5 different length chains on it just to make sure I didn't lose it. Also had the extra long belt that would hang down to my knees after it was tightened. I was the absolute epitome of mid to late 90's fashion. I made that shit my bitch! 
I've had a hard time explaining to people who didn't grow up when or where I did, that between the ages of about 12 and 16 I simply never tied my shoes, it wasn't the done thing. Shuffled everywhere.   Also, backpack worn on one shoulder, only one shoulder, for most of my childhood. My back was very happy when fashion finally allowed two-shoulder backpack wearing again.  And folding your socks down (for girls) - We had uniform socks at school which were ankle length, but ankle length socks were way out, so you'd roll the top of the sock under your heel.  I also never tucked my shirt in during this period. Constantly being nagged by teachers: Tuck your shirt in, tie your laces, roll up your socks and wear your backpack properly!! 
Ooofff course!  Also mini aquanet in bag in locker with rat tail comb for mid evening hear tease touch ups. 
"Did it right" meaning they did it like Kris Kross did.  
I get it, because the joke becomes less funny when you explain it 
Just hit my friend up. He buys literally dozens at a time. Same with shoes.   He changes his tops up but that's about it.  
Fuck that rock them bitches around your ankles like a real man! 
Holy shit, how did you survive the pussy avalanche? 
That Statue of Liberty hair like Simon from Inbetweeners.  
I had an ex who spiked his hair into 3 huge spikes on the front of his head. He had a weird fascination with trying to poke them into my vagina. Whenever he'd try it I would snap them. 
We call that "Laser Bowling" where I'm from. Let me tell ya, it was a hell of a let down finding out what laser bowling really was after only ever hearing people make reference to it.  
I am wearing one of my brother's old t-shirts as a pyjama right now. It has wile e coyote with sunglasses in front of a cheering crowd on it with "LET'S ROCK" written above it. I am totally the coolest person in my bed 
And as an adult I would love a shirt that changed between pink and purple. 
If Kim Possible's outfit is wrong, I don't wanna be right :) 
Pfft - the duct tape was for the bottom of your shoes so you could slide everywhere! Phatties were *supposed* to get all ratty around the bottom. Also: Phats in above pic have no reflective parts? What are they phats for daywear?? 
Because if we only took pictures of our kids doing normal, not weird things then we would have no pictures of our children.  
Can confirm former emo kid, married 3 years next week. Wife still makes fun of the pictures of me from then. 
Damn really? How much does itball go for these days?  
This was a big thing. Similar to the fidget spinner phase.  
Spittin straight bars at the beginning of your comment.  
I'm cringing at the thought of *one* of those things, but all combined? *shudders* 
Meh, I've never done it but is it really that different than someone wearing a bracelet or getting a piercing? Some people look really good in glasses (frames) but have good vision.  
I also do this as a professional woman. I find a pair of basic black pants that like and fit well and buy 5. One for each day of the week. 
Well they would have probably looked badass and we all know that if you look badass there is a 98% chance you're in some form of gang  
My mom wouldn't let me dye my brown hair blond. So I bleached it (with Manic Panic hair bleach, bc it was the 90s) and told her it was sun in. I thought this was believeable at the time.  
"If Industrial is dead, then I am fucking the corpse" - Caustic 
Same at mine! My friend wears cat ear headphones and heelies around campus and has become a bit of a celeb, with people talking about sightings they've had of him.      Also used to have this guy walk around with long nails and a wizard outfit. If you talked to him he'd give you a shiny magic rock 
Grunge kids didn't wear JNCO, they wore blue jeans and flannel like hipsters but with unkempt hair instead of the Hitler youth haircut. JNCO was the Limp Bizkit crowd IIRC.  
No he's saying that a frog will die if you cut it open pay attention  
Dude what if he swapped the tops and the legs of the pants to make them different colors? That'd be so steazy 
He survived because while he caused the pussy avalanche it was rushing away from him. 
I had two. Akatsuki style mist village and the hidden leaf village.  Jesus Christ, I hate myself. 
No word of a lie, one of my girlfriend's coworkers has that haircut. He's like 24...  
I don't know how I expected that story to end, but that wasn't it. Spiked hair in your vagina? What the hell 
That sounds so cool. Where I live it's just called 'glow bowling' which is not nearly as enticing. 
Are the sunglasses precariously on the end of his nose so he can look over the top of them in a sly way? I had a Taz shirt where he's wearing a backwards baseball cap. Oh the 90s. 
The hypercolor shirts mainly just changed colour around your armpits. Not the best look. 
former white dude with dreads, wife was a little scene-ish. I'm 30, she is 28. we have a 9 month old son. Thank god social media and camera phones wern't that huge when we were in high school. 
Weren't those bracelets supposed to help fund breast cancer research or something? Or is that just what everyone said 
He certainly was using it as an excuse to be lazy. But he may have also had multiples of the same outfit. 
I had one of those. Rumor was that on the day of the final he showed up in a red shirt instead of green.  
I tell people I do this, but really its the same pair of work jeans, M-F. 
Ah so this is what's keeping me from being a billionaire. All those wasted 10 seconds a day deciding what to wear. 
Dylan. Fucking. Farnum. Ironically this topic comes in a thread about wearing the same outfit daily.  Everyone knew Doug's style. Green vest. White shirt. Brown shorts. It wasn't fancy but it was his own. Then Dylan Farnum comes along and EVERYONE in Bluffington is jocking Dylan's (Doug's) style. Because Dylan Farnum is seen wearing Doug's outfit. Now I know Doug wasn't the most popular kid in school, so I can forgive others for not noticing Doug as the pioneer of this style. But Skeeter has been with Doug since day one. Not only that, but based on the picture in the above comment, we know Skeeter fantasizes about a wardrobe full of his same outfit. So Skeeter, more than anyone, should have recognized Doug's originality and given him props. What does he do instead? Fucking ghosts Doug and hops on the green vest bandwagon. Skeeter got his though the next day when everyone started to dress like him.  That's why I'm like fuck Skeeter. 
Some people have the innate power to make anything cool. 
What if the shorts had matching shirts so when you're sick of having pants and a short sleeve you can make long sleeves and shorts? 
Take that, eighth grader from several years ago!!! 
I had a hidden leaf village headband and a picture of Gaara taped to the inside of my locker. I didn't even watch Naruto. 
Yes. We do. That's why I have a 3rd grade picture of my son in a Morrissey shirt.  
Yeah, but I'm highly skeptical that it did anything. Breast cancer is the most funded cancer research with the least amount of progress.   Kinda like the live strong bracelets/necklaces. I wouldn't be surprised if majority of that money lined someone's pockets.  
It was a thing when I was in high school. Was a queer chick who wore one as did the majority of the other girls in our low-key, unofficial GSA.  It was a teen fad, but most of the girls that I knew wore them to catch the eyes of other queer girls. Or try at least. 
"at least zolodclown is supporting charity instead of doing drugs" 
Pants don't get that dirty...  ...   ...   ...   I'm not making excuses for myself, I swear!! 
I once read something (not certain about truthfulness but it's my excuse) that said that after a month of not washing pants, the bacteria level plateaus. So 3mo dirty pants = 1mo. Obviously if there's visible crud on it I'll wash them but... 
My understanding is the parts of your body that produces "dirty" sweat (feet, underarms, genitals) won't really be in contact with pants, unless you're not wearing underwear. Unless something spills on them, it's fairly clean. 
The supreme dick move is to leave the cart in the middle of the space *right next to* the cart return. 
Honestly, I don't like public proposals period. And they're awkward as fuck if both people aren't on the same page and someone gets denied in front of everyone (I'm of the opinion you shouldn't really propose unless you guys have had a full, clear conversation about marriage in private already). 
I know a guy who noticed a new town was starting to grow and purchased two pharmacy licenses for the area (I think it's a 30km exclusion  radius or something).   The rule is that as many licenses can be issued as needed, but the oldest license has preference for trading for the first 25000 residents.   So by buying two, he essentially monopolised the town until the population exceeded 50,000.   He never opened a pharmacy, and sold the first license for $5m and the second for $3m.  
the bag seat is fine as long as other seats are available  not having headphones and listening to your music means we should be able to cut your fucking head off, for all to witness, as a warning to any other motherfucker who thinks that shit is ok 
Sometimes, things splash a bit. Sometimes, fluid pressure gets a bit outta hand. Aint none of us too good to grab a square or two of toilet paper and wipe up after we're done. 
My neighbors do this EVERY DAY and leave the street in front of their house open. Shit pisses me off so much.  
My mom was nine months pregnant with me when it happened to her. She saw who it was, tracked him down in Costco and verbally lambasted him in front of a crowd of onlookers.   People were like what the fuck is going on here? And my mom is just laying into him meanwhile my dad has fucked off somewhere trying to get the shopping done.   But yeah, total dick move.  
Fucking over your literal bro is the most severe violation of the bro code there is, surpassed only by fucking over a twin or litter-mate, with whom you shared a womb not only spatially but temporally. 
Some theaters used to have baby rooms. It's a sound proof room at the back of the theater where you can still watch the movie and hear through speakers, but your screaming potato won't bother anyone.  
Hell, not just minimum wage positions, but any jobs where you have to interact with the public as part of work. My wife has a biology degree and works at a museum taking care of animals (which, yes, involves lots of cleaning their enclosures). People see her cleaning stuff and just sort of assume she's uneducated and treat her like shit. She said one time she was cleaning something and this kid asked their mom what she was doing. The mom said something to the effect of, she's doing what you'll have to do if you don't go to college.  How she didn't snap that woman's neck is a something I will never know. 
Gotta love Cataan. There was one time I asked if someone had sheep to trade, they said "what for?" then played the monopoly card. They were unhappy 
Wtf that's more than just a dick move, it's pure psychotic..  
In the same vein, spitting your gum out on the sidewalk/pavement so someone else steps in it 
Also not putting weights back in the right place. If I have to remove two 10s, a 35, and a random clip just to get that last 45, someone is a douche. 5s go with 5s, 10s go with 10s, 25s with 25s, and so on.  
Yeah.  Goddamn as a child of divorce (one that wasn't that bad all things considered) this should be illegal. 
Yes. I know someone who had a golden retriever with a tumor in its mouth. It got so bad the dog couldn't eat on it's own or even drink water. Maggots we're starting to collect around the tumor because the flesh was starting to rot. The poor pup was constantly bleeding as well. The owners knew for months the dog was suffering but wouldn't put her down because they couldn't emotionally handle it. Bitch, you're dog can't physically handle it.  
I had this happen not too long ago.  My mom and I were the only people at an afternoon movie.  This woman came in with two toddlers and plopped them down next to us.  Then they proceeded to talk through the ENTIRE movie. 
Someone at my school is currently compiling a 20+ page peer review of a group project partner because his partner did nothing, 10 of those pages are references for texts and emails that they had in which they talked about agreeing to do something then not following through. The project was for chemical engineering and over 50% of the final grade and the dude is creating this review during pre-finals weekend, I don't think I've met someone who has ever been this pissed at a partner  
I watched a dude drive onto the dividers in between the roads to pass people stuck at a red light  Fucking Cuntwaffle 
I once got rear ended by a guy who was tailgating me. The car in front of me stopped suddenly to make a turn, so of course I had to stop suddenly also. He didn't get a ticket or anything but his insurance put him at fault for "failure to maintain a safe distance".  
Please remember riding shotgun is a responsibility, not a privilege. You are the co pilot. 
Seriously, the bin is right by the door. It's not like you have to go out of your way to toss your overpriced half-eaten popcorn tub. 
Took me 42 years and some really crap partner's to find the right one, heads up, it will happen.  Little while from now you'll realise it was her loss. 
At the Whole Foods in my town, they have a bunch of parking spots reserved for "carpools." Sure, it's a great way to save carbon emissions, but who the fuck carpools to go grocery shopping? Those spots are always empty. 
Or when they try to start a conversation while you're both pissing. 
Oh it isn't silent. That kitchen staff is pissed especially if it was a busy night.  
In the immortal words of that one sign at Jimmy John's, "a person who is nice to you but rude to the waiter is not a nice person." 
Seriously. My epipen, even with coupons, is still 600 bucks.  
it allows people to claim that they own a "small business" for very little money and effort. it's very popular with soccer moms who have nothing to do but want to feel useful 
I honestly don't understand why it's so hard for parents to control their children. I just took my kids to a local secondhand bookstore. We went into their housewares room, with lots of breakables scattered around for sale. I tell my four year old, "hands to yourself, okay?" "Okay mom."  Two seconds later another mom walks in with her three kids, and the oldest two, maybe 7 & 5, start *ransacking* shit. They knocked over these decoration African masks, split one in half, the other knocked over a coffee cup, shattered that. And what does this mom do? She grabs them and turns around and walks out the door. My 4 year old turned to me and said, "Well, they don't know how to keep their hands to themselves, huh mommy?" "You're absolutely right son, sometimes people just don't care about anything but themselves."   
This last election, South Dakota voted to regulate these types of loans. When the owner of one of the largest pay day loan companies in the state heard about the bill he lobbied to put another bill on the ballot allowing these companies to continue charging the same rates as long as they signed an agreement like they already did.  We voted to regulate rates and voted against allowing contracts to continue using absurd rates. Very shortly after the results were in, the owner of the pay day companies announced he would be closing every business he had in the state, putting hundreds of people out of work. He even closed the doors to his music academy that provided free music lessons to less fortunate children. 
Turning the conversation into how shitty it is when people record someone without their knowledge would have been fun.  
Nope. That's against the law. You can be fined a minimum of like $125. 
Nah man, you use reddit. Obviously you're an unemployed, sheltered no life whos life IS the computer. You didnt go OUT for lunch. 
On airlines like Air New Zealand, they don't let you do this. I've had flight attendants wake me up to tell me I have to put my seat up because it's meal time. 
That is illegal and you can be ticketed for that.  
Nope, that is legitimate strategy. I will never accept that its a dick move. It is a valid game theory option that is very much part of the game rule set. 
Also touching a pregnant woman's belly without permission. You wouldn't reach out and touch someone's stomach uninvited normally, what's the difference now? If anything, it's more rude. 
I'll raise you. I recently witnessed a man put his groceries in the cab of his truck, then empty the trash from the cab and the bed of the truck into the cart, and shove the cart randomly out into the middle of the lot. Never looked around to see if anyone was watching, didn't check to see if the cart would strike another car, nothing. Now the cart collector, some person making almost no money, has to deal with that. 
From years ago, I knew a guy who proposed by talking about the income tax benefits. How romantic!  
"Gary they won't stop driving. Should we just throw in the towel and go home?" "Nah dude, we'll try some more. We have to give him back the pen drive he left at the cafe, it might be important" 
I did this once because they lost a hubcap. I stopped, grabbed it, and went after the dude. Mind you, small town, very low crime rate, broad daylight.  
I believe in the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri the seventh level of hell is reserved for traitors and patent trolls. 
I'd rather smash their shitty speakers and let them live with the consequences. 
This is the public restroom philosophy I live by.  I'm aware my stream does not always fly true, and when this happens I feel sort of duty-bound as a civilized human to grab some squares and wipe away the rogue drips.    But sometimes another problem arises when the toilet was recently visited by some sub-human who knows nothing of duty except that the sound of it makes him laugh.    In these situations, I politely wipe away my very own personal rogues, because I'm not a dick, but I'm also not a janitor so I avoid anything else.  It makes it a pretty meaningless gesture, but at least I don't feel like a dick (if you can't change the world, this is really the best you can hope for).  But then whoever goes in after me will just immediately be reminded: *goddammit, we're all dicks* and nothing will ever change. 
If they did this at Hong Kong Disneyland the park would be half empty. 
You definitely should have said something. I would have. 
Mine do this. But then when there is no other parking, they can somehow manage to fit two of their cars.  
If you want to see it enforced, drive to the nearest college/university, find a stop sign, and see all the tickets. Universities love to ticket 
Best part. Dad wanted no part. He knew what that lady was like when she was pissed 
The parent spots are also wider spaced so the baby seat can be put in/out of the car and the child can be safely strapped in. 
I was cruising the interstate with cruise control on about 10% over the limit and started to pass another vehicle. When I got a full car length ahead of them the other driver sped up to be a car length ahead of me, then slowed down again until I passed them. They repeated this, no joke, dozens of times over about half an hour. I never touched the accelerator or brake, and no other cars came along. I never looked over at the other driver - kept my eyes on the road and mirrors the whole time. I'm sure it was someone trying to get me riled up so I'd race them or something. 
There is a reason Cassius and Brutus are in the lowest circle of hell, betrayal is an ugly thing 
Hey your wife and I live the same life. I was once referred to a "volunteer". "What's a volunteer, mom?", "Something stupid people do for no pay sweetie."  Much to her surprise, I was the one who was teaching the hands on class she signed them up for about 20 minutes later.   "Good Morning everyone, and welcome to X museum, my name is Nurimoons and I'm a handler here at X, and while I am a new face, I've had over 6 years experience with wild animals, and I have a degree in biology, at least that's what they told me, so don't fret! Now who's ready to learn some really cool things about the animal kingdom?"  She looked irritated. 
My friends are scary with Catan, they always know what everyone has by paying attention to rolls and pickups. They can always be like "Well Josh has two wheat and two ore already so i'm not trading him another ore, plus he might be have a road building development card for longest road which would help him win" and I sit there like "which tile is brick again?" 
I always do it if I need the supplies to win in my next move, otherwise, yeah not worth it. Everyone starts embargoes and gets all mad. 
Most vets will refuse to euthanize a pet for no reason.   
Yeah but it's a lot harder to get a vet to euthanize them for no medical reason. 
When I put my husky down (bone cancer), I wasn't emotionally ready for it. But I knew he was suffering. He had lost his will to live, and making that decision was the last act of love I could have done for him.  I only wish I'd done it sooner and not tried to fight the cancer with chemo.  
I own a black lab,  I'm always paranoid about her weight because as a spayed Labrador they can put on weight quickly.    When I was at the dog park the other day, a person with a yellow Labrador said my dog wasn't a purebred because she was "too thin and wasn't stocky enough". His poor lab was shaped like a barrel, and it was clearly having trouble just walking around. Poor thing.   I see fat Labradors all the time - it breaks my heart.   
Someone did this to me and my partner. We literally got up and moved to the other side of the cinema. 
Man they changed to recliners for my theater. You'd need to be 12 feet tall to kick the person in front of you 
If I was a professor and somebody just dropped a 20 page report like that on my desk, I won't know what to think. Like if you'd write that instead of just communicating with the prof... My first thought would be "Both these people seem like they would be unbearable to work with." 
It is like a real work environment! The pareto principle runs true, a small percentage of people will do most of the work.  
If someone is on their phone in a theatre move behind them and show them what it's like to be annoyed while watching a movie...  
I've been to one of these! It's called a Sensory-Friendly Showing in most areas, and it's usually a place for developmentally disabled kids to come and enjoy a movie in a chill environment that wont overwhelm them. A pretty nice concept, too. 
Work in auto insurance, not in the US though. Like 80-90% of our damages are rear end collisions and reversing out of parking spaces.   It is fucking bizarre how people behave in cars.  
You must repel any boarders and ruffians en route.  
Oh no. Busy nights we don't give a fuck because we'll be cooking well after closing anyway. It's the slow nights that have dragged on with a few tables trickling in here and there then no tables for an hour and you have everything cleaned and ready to close and jet out of there and then a table of six strolls in at 9:50. Oh they want a full on coursed out dining experience! Fuck. That. Shit.  At least we get paid well.  
Yeah, it only serves as disappointment to be flirted with only to find out they're taken. I'd rather they not do it at all. 
There were some fucking cunts in one of the prestigious universities in the UK who had to light money on fire in front of a homeless person as an initiation into some posh-cunt club. Not illegal (unless destroying a portrayal of the Queen's face is still illegal) but definitely something people should be ripped mouth to anus for 
I abhor anybody who does not practice basic manners with strangers. No passes for severe social anxiety, because I still say please and thank you and smile even if I don't make eye contact. It's just part of being a member of a civilized society ffs. 
If you don't like it, don't buy it. OH WAIT LOL.  Seriously, you'd have to be actually evil do jack up the prices like that on life-saving medication. 
Fairly sure these laws are archaic and unconstitutional. I doubt they're enforced. 
i don't think thats what they meant by helicoptering... 
That's actually exactly what my SO did. He was there not really participating in the discussion but made some comment very loudly by about bitches that dont mind their own business. Obviously this confused me until my friend explained outside. I wanted to go back go back in and yell at them. 
Had that happen as well on a flight home from Perth. Lateish at night and they still woke me up. Slightly annoyed but it's for the benefit of everyone  
Anyone taller than me gets an immediate pass most of the time. I'm pretty short and air travel still sucks, so I can't even imagine what it must be like for them.   
Last night there was a guy quoting the monologue from the opening of Transpotting to a small crowd while snorting keys. City of culture indeed. 
Is this a redneck zombies reference? Or a cinema snob reference? Or some third thing? 
That's the same one, the guy didn't marry the girl during the ceremony, I think OP mixed up officiating with thinking that they got married 
My spouse and I were talking about buying a sofa, realized in the course of the conversation that we were considering buying a house together, and should probably get married because it makes the paperwork easier.  Not everyone needs (or even wants) a grand romantic gesture. Different things work for different couples. 
Sounds like something out of Gary Larson's *The Far Side* comics. 
Yeah a couple did this to me and I was so scared. Turns out it was a lost hubcap.  And they were very sweet 
Holy shit, this is maddening. HOW MUCH TIME DO YOU THINK YOU ARE SAVING BY BEING ONE CAR LENGTH AHEAD??? 
Yeah. A severly pregnant lady will fuck someone up. No remorse. Lol  I saw a woman in a parking lot who had a bitchy expression so i said what a bitch dismissively.   Well, she read my lips and started screaming back at me.   We couldnt hear each other bc we were passengers in 2 different cars pulling up and parking in a babies r us parking lot. We both heaved our fat pregnant asses out of our cars and started screaming names at each other wildly while the drivers we were with (also women) just locked up and headed in lol.    We stopped and looked at each other hatefully, noted each others tummies and silently promised to fuck each other up if we ever met again after this.. 
So I know this may be a dumb question, but how do people find the time to have a good degree, a job with that good degree, and still be able to do extensive volunteer work?  Don't get me wrong it's great and honorable, I just don't get how people find time to do anything else. 
In Clue I would often make guesses with one or two cards that I already had. My brother would work out which cards I probably had and tell the other players because he thought what I was doing was not in the spirit of the game.  
That's why they lie and say it acts aggressive. I know someone who passed away from cancer and his wife put the dog down without even giving his brothers a chance to adopt it.  The dog was older and not agressive in the slightest.  
Or just drop them off at a high-kill shelter.  I was doing one of my regular runs to the municipal pound when I saw some guy drive up in a new-ish, shiny SUV, bring in his... 13? 14-yo chocolate lab, and surrender it for some lame reason. The only reason I didn't tell him right off is the slim chance there was some legitimate reason he didn't have the decency to do the right thing and euth his dog at the vet's office rather than have the pound do the work for him.  This was right around the time of the housing implosion, 2009-ish. Saw more good dogs than usual at the pound during that time, including one particularly rare breed. 
It should, I don't know if it does. For sure it fucks over the other party's ability to even hire a lawyer, let alone live if it's a one income families. 
It definitely seems like a damned if you do, damned if you don't kind of situation for the shelter 
Putting a dog down is a very hard thing to do, and I think most people aren't ready for it. It takes a real kind of bravery that you might not expect to need until it comes time to actually do it. There's a good reason kids should read things like Old Yeller and Where The Red Fern Grows in school. 
And labs have problems with their backs and hips as they age. Owners are responsible entirely for their dog's weight.   Old fluffykins might "just loooove" all the human food given to him but it's not good in large quantities. My dad (known for feeding his dog chocolate bars on a daily basis) always tells me my dogs are too thin or scrawny. No, they're exercised properly and fed treats as treats, not as their daily diet.   The vet is happy with them so shut up you cantankerous old growler.  
They're a group of litigators operating under the guise of religion. If a city denies their permit to protest, they just sue under the First Amendment. WBC has pretty good lawyers who can win. They take the money in the lawsuit and run.  
Which is kinda funny, because, in the Luke account of the summation of the law in two commands, it is paired with the parable of the good Samaritan specifically because the expert in the law wanted to justify himself for not loving his neighbor as himself.  Kinda the entire point of that parable is that everyone is your neighbor, as Jesus commends the Samaritan, who would be hated by the Jews for religious differences, for caring for the Jew who was set on by robbers.  Jesus tells us to "go and do likewise" about the man who would be considered "evil" by the Jews he was speaking to.  
I've done that and had the next group come in and do the same thing all over. 
I don't know man, to me the professor shouldn't need to babysit people. As long as the work got done and the person documented that the other person did jack shit then that seems appropriate to me. It's not at all necessary to involve a prof when everyone is an adult and can comprehend the consequences of being a lazy pos.  
I remember being in 5th grade and getting very worried looks from teachers for saying my favorite Christmas movie was Die Hard.  Many years later..  my favorite Christmas movie is *still* Die Hard. 
Falling to second is a legitimate strategy if you're not too far ahead. It's common in high level play. 
Nope, Blue Shells take a while to commit to a target if they're thrown a long way from the front. Wouldn't be fair if you dropped down to second the moment a Blue shell was fired and you still got hit. 
I mean. I can understand some cases of reversing out of a parking lot. It's hard to see and I need to put my shopping in the back so I can't reverse park to begin with.   But with that said. I've had a colleague reverse straight into a car that had been stopped behind him for several seconds. He was the worst driver in history. Dude would fly through speed bumps. Also burned through his brake pads and wondered why his car was making a metal to metal sound when he braked. The kind of shithead who'd take a trashed unsafe car to the motorway and cause people to die.  
'At least we get paid well.' Gave me a chuckle haha 
With the huge caveat that sometimes people interpret someone just being friendly as flirting. There's nothing wrong with being nice/social with people. 
As i stated in another thread, Ron Swanson also spoke of the wisdom that is drinking whisky and eating breakfast food. Ron Swanson is a smart man.   
Criminally speaking I agree, they're probably not enforced unless a complaint is filed by an angry spouse. Civilly speaking, however, a cheater is breaking what is essentially a legally binding verbal contract (marriage). It's why in civil court most judges frown on cheaters and let the other rake them over the coals. 
I literally just had a bridge burn between a dude I've known since we were kids and was in my wedding, over an MLM last night. I told him I was flat out not interested and he said some nasty personal shit. Some of those MLMs are like cults.  
It's fucking hell.  I'm 6'2 (just a bit over, actually) with wide shoulders.  I'm also somewhat overweight.  I could lose weight to make my hips fit better in the seat, but that's actually the *least* uncomfortable part of flying for me.  I can't lose height, I can't lose length in my legs (and I'm mostly torso, so if my legs are hitting it's a problem) and I sure as fuck can't lose width in my shoulders.  Good god I hate flying. 
more like a joke little boys told eachother 30 years ago.. at least.. 
Oh man I feel like it would have been even more right if he put his dick in it 
Well, if you are going 60 mph, and give up 88 feet for someone to merge in front of you, you are adding one second to your travel time.  That's just too much of a price to pay. 
You call someone a bitch for no reason? Perfectly fair for them to be mad.  
I too enjoy my board games with extra stockholm syndrome. 
In the U.S. jurisdictions where I've practiced, if one side has money, that person often contributes some/all of the other side's attorney's fees within reason to ensure fairness in a contested divorce. 
If Daisy (my lab) had her way, she would probably eat all the food in the house. I swear that's all she thinks about. 
god, i hate thinking about those people. they're so scummy 
Misread this at first. I thought the first group followed you. At that point you'd have good odds to beat the murder rap.  
As it should be. If you have the content covered who cares if you go to class?  
out of curiosity why didnt they get stopped at the box office? I had a buddy who worked in a theatre and would inform people  (hell they had signs) warning about the animated feature. 
Those teachers are the ones who should be receiving worried looks. Who doesn't love that movie? YIPPEE KI YAY MOTHERFUCKERS 
Marriage is actually not just a verbal contract. It's very tangible.   Source: am married.  
Yeah, 6'2" normal weight guy here, the weight doesn't make a difference. My knees touch the seat in front of me even before it's reclined.  Some airlines have seats where the bottom slides forward to recline rather than the top sliding back...I don't understand why everyone doesn't do this. 
Very old joke.  It was old when Redd Foxx used it in an album.  Fifty years at least.  Still, I've heard "mmm, that water's cold" about half a dozen times while doing the ritual stare at the Socially Acceptable Tile.  Because it's the law. 
Ah man! You should've invited them to a bbq or something. Like,  "Sorry that I parked in front of your house, I thought you were stalking me. Have a hamburger!" 
Same. I feel sorry for the next poor bastard that waltzes into what he thinks is a perfectly fine "no, some heathen didn't just commit an atrocity in here" toilet. Then go shit in the next one, knowing damn well the person before me did the same thing. 
Have you ever stood at the end of a long line, and as you slowly make your way towards the front had no one come in behind you... and then you're at the front of the line, it's almost your turn, no one is behind you, and then right before it's your turn some fuck comes in and gets in line behind you, and you just KNOW he will only be in line for a few seconds before its his turn too, and this fuck has NO IDEA how much you've been through to get to the front of this line, meanwhile his wait will be at most thirty seconds, and you just hate his luck so fucking much? 
My wife did that with the company that was going to fix out septic system.  7 months preggo....and the lady on the phone told her to not flush as often to not fill up the septic tank before they could come out and fix the outlet pipe.  Needless to say, they came out the next day.....     
In california, the party that "escalates" by getting an attorney may sometimes be ordered to pay for an attorney for the other party. 
Then that would be the opposite of the thread prompt - illegal, but unanimously *not* a dick move. 
My niece works in a movie theater and when sausage party came out, she warned parents, in English and Spanish how offensive the movie is. The parents always agreed. They also always asked for refunds. They tried to avoid my niece after and see someone else for a refund but my niece ran a tight ship and didn't put up with that shit. So I think the people are warned for the most part, but see it as an easy free movie. 
One of the excuses put forward for this bullshittery (mentioned in the movie as well) is that movies technically do not have to go through the ratings process.  The catch of course is that no theater in America will carry your movie if you don't go through the process, making it essentially a mandatory requirement. This is also how unrated cuts get released after the theatrical version. 
I always try to make eye contact but give up seconds of engagement, it just feels so damn awkward :/ 
They don't necessarily raise their voice to cause a situation. You'll get tutted at quite a bit though. 
"I will cut you and I will replace you. You are nothing." I like it. 
The great thing about divorce is that fighting means everyone loses. If your goal is to hurt the other person it's always a Pyrrhic victory. Arbitration is the way to go if you both can act like grownups.   
Most places I have seen is you have 10 or so minutes after the screen time to change your mind, otherwise they consider the product used, for lack of a better term.  
I think someone cutting in a queue is the only annoying social situation I can think of where Brits will often make the step up from tutting to doing the horrible task of... actually talking to a stranger ^(shudder). 
That seems fair. Asking for a refund after sitting though the entire movie is like complaining about your restaurant meal after clearing the plate.  
Usually it's a just a passive aggressive comment to the air - 'there *is* a queue' to no one in particular. 
God I remember that from when I was a server at a Thai restaurant.  "Sir, there was a fly in my plate. I want the meal comped."  I didn't see one when I brought it out and the door was open so it probably came from outside but instead of telling me during the 4 times I refilled your waters you tell me now and oh, also, your plate is cleaned and no fly in sight.  Me: "Okay well since you finished the food I'll have to talk to the manager to get your plate comped."  "No, I want everyone's plate comped."  *internal rage* 
Can confirm.  Am British, once said "there is a queue" a little bit too loudly and the queue cutter heard me. Almost died of embarrassment. 
that is really bold and disgusting, to demand the whole table comped.   i hope they got banned from the restaurant, since they obviously arent customers, just freeloading scum. 
lite version: Have a couple spare umbrellas in your glove compartment, roll the window down and throw it at passersby.  
Sure it wasn't the signs you were holding that said "Hitler Did Nothing Wrong!"?  I always forget to leave those at home. 
Oh yeah - that's a big no-no.  As a male, you never want to be left alone with a kid. 
I have a half sister as well, loved her as much as my other siblings ever since she was born. If that happened to me, it would hurt bad. I'm sorry this happened to you 
Try all the way to their 3rd floor  apartment because you are neighbors. 
If I look eye level, though, I see their butt.  What now?! 
So if you see a strange lady talking to your niece. Give her an accusatory dirty look, pull your niece away from her and say "what are you doing? Stay away from her." And threaten to call the police yourself. See how they like it.  
I used to work at Domino's as a delivery driver. Whenever I wasn't on a delivery, I'd help out on the phones or whatever. Everything was fine until we hired this stupid, young overweight girl.   I'm a big guy myself, and the space behind the counter was already tight enough, but it seemed like this girl did everything she could to take up as much space as possible. I did everything I could not to touch her as I moved past her, but it was impossible to not touch her at all.   Eventually, she complained to the manager. Thankfully, the GM was an awesome older lady, and I was her most reliable driver, and she basically told me if I wasn't on a run to either man the oven or help out on the line and just stay away from the crazy girl.   Soon after, she tried to do the same thing to another coworker and the manager fired her for creating a hostile work environment.  
You should have told her that if she wasn't there to buy any crack she should probably just move along.  *edit - 13.9K upvotes and reddit gold (thanks!).  From this point on I will never again doubt ThePowerofFarts. 
Yeah... the "neighborhood kids" as i call them always come around when it gets warm to swim in my pool. I used to let them do it whenever they wanted (there are ~5 of them), but now I don't allow it unless my wife is home so she can chaperone instead of me. Looking back on it, it might have looked creepy from the outside, but would have been fine years ago. i would just sit in a chair in the shade and have a drink while the kids went swimming; i was pretty much there to run them to the hospital/home if they got hurt - i pretty much never go swimming (the wife wanted the pool). 
I've experienced this, what the hell is it!?  I'm a woman, I was walking home with my son and his friend (a girl) and her dad. She ran out into the road despite her dad shouting at her not to. He was telling her off when this group of women appears and told him not to shout at her as she was a girl!!!  He rightfully told them to mind their own business but they tried to get me on their side, like beacuse I'm a woman I'd be against a male friend discipling his daughter. I told them to walk on. 
I love when the store worker comes to "rearrange" items on the shelf right next to you. 
Haha, my mate does the same thing.   "I'll just uh. Look over here for some minutes until you're far enough away so that you know I'm not a predator" 
I'm a woman and was accused of trying to abduct a litte boy. We have a playground inside our mall and I was there with my 2 kids. I saw a little boy run out of the play area and I didn't see anyone chasing after him. I looked at my daughter and said watch your brother and I took off after the little boy. He was running as fast as his little legs would let him. I caught up to him and scooped him up and was asking where his mom was. A woman came running out of the play area freaking out and grabbing her son from me. She started screaming at me and calling me a kidnapper. She wouldn't even let me explain. She ended up leaving and I walked back into the play area thinking of how I am going to explain this to police when they show up.  They never did, but I will no longer save another run away child whose parents aren't paying attention.  
I think not friending your students on social media is pretty solid advice for all teachers regardless of gender. 
So with you on that.  My humor is pretty dry. Like 40 percent of it is just saying completely inappropriate things in a deadpan voice. Combined with a button-down appearance, I can usually get a laugh, but it also needs highly specific context.   If someone asks if you're going to the meeting and you say you would rather be anally electrocuted, people at work start to talk.  
90%+ of these posts are men trying to avoid the presumption that they are pedophiles and/or rapists.  Well done, media. 
Dude, my nieces are awesome and I love them. I'll hug them and carry them around everywhere, including in public. No way I'm letting other people's opinions get in the way of being the best uncle I can be. If they don't like it, fuck 'em. They can't do anything to me. 
Wow same here man. I used to be fun and playful around kids but now I do exactly as you do, even towards my own relatives who are kids. It's a sad world we live in.  
I do that without any shame man. Same shit happens to me though so I call it even. 
At least there's a good part. The mom thanked you guys. I have read way too many Reddit stories if moms that either ignore you or flip out as if you had caused the fall.  Props to mom. 
I used to use a pretty basic rule to help this. I'd try to go on a date 3 times. If they gave an excuse for each one I'd stop trying. 1st time can consider it bad timing, second could be a fluke, third time though, they most likely aren't interested. If they are then they have to come to me at that point. I'd just stay friendly and accept that they want someone else to fill that part of their life. Nothing personal against me.    
Bring a frisbee. Not even kidding. I bring one for my daughter and me to play with and I'll randomly have other kids join in. Feels weird having to say this, but you don't have to get close and you get to make a lonely kid's day. Definitely lessens the "creep" factor.  
I think your ex is paranoid, then.  Goodness, may as well not even have eye contact with children. 
Be grateful the cop didn't get you on attempted bribery, too 
I hope that they didn't tell you that because they can't. It's a public park and you can sit and watch over your siblings whenever you want. Should have told them to kiss your ass, and if anyone has a problem they can come to you like an adult and not call the cops just because your a man. Sad part is I totally can see this happening and your a better person than I am because I would have fucking lost it. 
After reading this whole thread down until this comment, I really needed to hear something like that. Legitimately made me drop a manly tear of hope for a more fair and just society. 
Dont they have train carriages for women only in Japan (i remember seeing these on my visit)?  
So that's why they got the women and children off the titanic first. The men just wanted to die in peace. 
This is why I wear headphones and listen to music at the grocery store. Good luck throwing a fit at me when I can't even hear it happening! 
Next time call her out and tell her she should apply to be on one of those hoarder rehab shows. 
You may want to try and let people know you are harmless. What if you offer them some candy? 
I have been directly told that I do not blink often enough and that it made people uncomfortable. I haven't changed my blinking schedule, they will have to get over it. 
F that, I sit where I want if the train/bus is crowded, but yeah, if it's not, then I sit apart from other people.  Give others their privacy and peace at being alone 
ehh dont let it bug you, women's/ gender studies majors aren't real people. 
I have a really good female friend that I've known since the 4th grade. She is a very pretty, smart, talented girl that I've treated like a sister since day one. Never dated, kissed, hooked up, anything. Never even crossed my mind. Needless to say it was weird to introduce her to my new GF (now wife). Wife thought it was super weird and suspicious. I tried to explain to her she's like a sister to me and to not be worried. It took like 2 years for her to finally let her guard down. We still text each other every week or so and my wife doesn't care. She honestly really likes her and they became friends.  
Oh Jesus, forget it. I do a lot of power lifting, cause I like it, that's it, and I've been doing it for a while. But holy fuck, if there's a semi-attractive girl that I'm giving an *iota* of attention to, that must mean I want to fuck her. Doesn't matter her age or if she's already taken (or the fact that I'm happily taken), it *must* mean that any positive emotions that I'm displaying towards her is all a guise to get my dick wet.   Equally parts frustrating and funny.  
I used to cheat all the time on spelling tests, but then stopped because I was becoming increasingly afraid of getting caught.  The first test I took without cheating, I got super anxious and stared at anything and everything while occasionally remembering to write down a word.  The teacher thought I was cheating.  This was the kind of spelling test where the teacher would tell you the word then use it in a sentence.  He smugly worked his catching me cheating into the sentences.  I lied and said I cheated on it because I thought I'd get in more trouble for arguing.  I wasn't mad about the accusation, but the working it into the test sentences really bothered me for some reason.  I cheated on every test after that out of spite. 
Never feel afraid to show support for your favorite Mountain Dew flavor in public. 
In order to be a coach at my daughter's Catholic school, we are required to take a class on how to not get yourself in these situations and how to spot abuse in kids.  This was the number one rule!!!  
It sucks but hopefully now that we're all adults we can repair it. My wife and I are trying hard to involve her with my kids and our life. Fly her down a few times a year stuff like that.  The worst part was the doubt you could see in people's faces after the accusations were made. Guilty until proven innocent. 
This is one of the few things I hate about kids.Just because they're kids and innocent people usually believe them.Even if both are kids,like your story,they believe the younger one,who is probably dumber and that got them in trouble. 
There was a time about 15-20 years ago that the "Repressed memory syndrome" was a big thing. Therapists with no ethics saw it as a cash cow. They would suggest things and their clients would start believing them. Ruined lots of families.  
It's odd sadly. After this incident she and her mom moved out a few months later and we started seeing less and less of each other. I joined the Army when I was 18 and drifted farther away which was mostly my fault at that point. I've flown her down to visit and gone up to see her but I feel like she has alot of social issues.   It's hard to connect with her and I believe she's just kind of off and very withdrawn. I think her mom really did a number on her.   Her mother has several psychological issues. We had to report her to cps at one point because she was showing lots of signs of Munchausen syndrome by proxy. There were  a few interviews but my dad couldn't get custody and sadly my sister was raised by a crazy woman. 
That's right. Being a woman doesn't allow you to talk to anyone's child. If I was a dude, I'd probably call them a kidnapper.  
Yeah and then they complain about how "you never see men being good parents and taking their kids out for fun"  
"You're being fired"  "Why?"  "You're so fat you block the entire aisle, and try to blame other people by saying they're harassing you"  "Oh. Okay" 
Uhhhh that's a good one. Like the "I have a boyfriend" instant response some do - "I'm not a drug dealer, go somewhere else for your fix" should shut down annoying people pretty fast. 
I left the store to go sit in my car. I texted my wife what happened and she came out a few minutes later saying that she just left all the clothes on the floor and said she is not coming back to that Macy's.  
This is why I wear make up and dress as a lady in public. 
Hahah, as I'm sure it would work I don't think I could bring myself to trip a small child. I'm a gentle giant, pretty laid back. It takes a lot to get me going but at that point in the day I got mad faster than I ever have. To accuse me of trying to take your daughter when I'm helping your ass out for forgetting her, and that's what set me off I guess. Mainly because I would never, ever do that I'm not a creep. Getting profiled as one I guess was the trigger point lol.  
Hell, it's better to be considered an asshole than to be considered a pedo. 
"Okay, I'll just let my daughter get ran over!"   They need to fuck off, they'll talk mess if he disciplined her but if something did happen, they would've gone off about how he didn't do anything.  
I only know Hellions from Warhammer 40k and now imagine a kid surfing on a hoverboard with spikes and blades and stuff armed with a staff with blades.  
See in my experience no one bats an eye when its my son they probably assume he deserves it 
That's exactly how pickpockets work, unfortunately it's also how innocent people act after walking into someone. I doubt it was just you making her check her stuff. 
"By jove, what an interesting shrubbery. I'm just going to admire it for a bit until you're at an inconvenient distance for creepy stalking. Just an ordinary gentleman admiring the shrubs at 3 in the morning! Yes sir, not an ounce of weird about it." 
Pass them and then slow down and start looking over your shoulder at them and lowkey panicking.  Then they have to feel bad. 
Hhaha! This reminds me of a tine my husband and I went to Atlantic City. We were walking on the board walk at night and we hear, "Don't be afriad, a black man is approaching you. I repeat, Don't be afraid!" My husband and I stop and turn around and this black guy comes up to us trying to sell us an electric alarm clock.  
What I like to do is wait until I'm within a noticeable range then sprint past them as fast as I can, and be sure to have a hammer in my hand too so they know I'm on my way to do job that requires a hammer. 
yah if i'm out with my bf and we're coming up behind a lone woman we'll just suck tongue the whole way past her to show her that our thoughts are only impure towards each other. 
As a woman who has been followed around the city at night multiple times, thank you for being so cool about it. That kind of thing would make me feel so much better.  
I do this and I'm a woman. I usually make some kind of noise so they know I'm a woman too. 
It's more than just not all men are looking to diddle your little kid, its the overwhelming majority, like 99.99% aren't looking to do that, and I've probably under shot that figure.  
Yeah, what the fuck? Sorry you're uncomfortable, I'm watching my kids. Go fuck yourself. 
I know exactly what you mean. If I take my kids to the park and then hang out on the bench to chill and watch, invariably I get approached by some woman feeling me out for whether I have a legit reason to be at the park. Last year, I was at the public library and I ran into my cousins kids. One came up to hug me and we were immediately approached by a librarian asking her if she knew me. I gave her my best "wtf, screw you" look. Absolutely boils my beans to even be suspected that way.  36M, but I'm 5'5" and 140 pounds. Some of your kids are bigger than me.    
It sucks but this is pretty accurate. I have 28 cousins on my dads side and I am the 2nd oldest (M-26) and I frequently supervise the little ones (ages 4-10) at the park next to my grandma's house at family events. Some random passerby once called the cops on me for stalking kids at a park.... we were playing freeze tag. I was frozen by a 5 year old.  
Ugh, what an idiot. My son is a runner. I will let him run and silently chase him to see how brave he is and it always surprises how brave he is, there are times when he goes in circles that if someone doesn't lean in and say something to him that he just run until he's done.  
To be fair, I'd be willing to bet that someone out there has that fetish. 
Can we just yell out "I'M NOT A RAPIST!"? Will that make people feel better? 
We had an intruder come into our house and enter my 15 year old daughters room which was on the first floor.  Our bedroom was upstairs.  When my daughter saw a stranger opening her bedroom door she screamed to high heaven "Mom!!!!!"  Guy took off and she was already dialing 911 when I got to the bottom of the stairs.  Cops show up and my husband, myself and my daughter are all standing around the kitchen table as my daughter describes the man. He had curly hair short stocky build.  Female cop looks right at my husband who happens to fit that description.  I'm laughing because I jumped over my husband as I ran to the stairs ahead of him, I heard my kid call mom and I moved like lightening!!!   Then she asked my daughter if she could come outside and talk to her alone. My husband and I were like, " fine, talk to her. It wasn't her step dad okay?" 
Exactly this! My neice adores me and I adore her so I hold her hand in public no problem! I often think people will think that I'm her dad than some pedo. But if it's some random kid, I won't even throw them a glance. 
I do the opposite.  I make it a point to be nice and playful around kids so that people will maybe get used to the idea that not everyone who is paying attention to a kid is a pedo.    To be fair, I'm the least threatening looking dude there is. 
I gotta tell you, I help little kids constantly and always have. I've had one weird interaction based on it in like the 20 years from being a sketchy looking teenager into adulthood that I've been doing it. That's it.  Please help kids. They sometimes need it. And it lets kids learn independence better if they experience that if something happens people don't just ignore their problems. 
My variation is a) try a specific plan. Dinner this Friday.  Then b) try a more general plan. When are you free next week.  Finally c) call me when you have a night off.  I'll make 2 attempts and then put the ball in their court. I have in fact gotten the call after 6 weeks once because she was genuinely busy with multiple major family, school and work events but was interested. 
Yeah I think the term isn't so much paranoid as bat-shit crazy 
Next time tell her you do it because of all the lonely soccer moms that are seeking attention. 
Please don't let it stop you. There are too few male pediatric nurses. When my son was getting cancer treatment there was only 3. They were by far his favorite nurses and he always felt way more comfortable with them.  
that's why I pretend not to even like children around... last thing I need is someone thinking I'm a pedophile... 
I know they can't legally tell me to do it, but there are a thousand ways cops can make your life hell. In the town that occurred in, they're more than happy to do so, and they get away with it. I'd seen it before.  
My husband and I are like this, it even extends to women we see when we're out. My husband claims that if we weren't married I'd be an amazing wing woman because I point out really attractive women that others seem to ignore, and therefore usually don't get hit on. I'm straight but I can appreciate when another women is attractive. 
Oh yeah, I remember seeing those as well...when I realized the carriage we were in was all pink, had only advertisement directed to womens, and had only womens inside.   Luckily, It was the middle of the day, I was with my gf, and looked like your typical tourist. It was no big deal and the girls rather had a smile on their face when I realized my mistake. 
You just have to skip the first fifteen minutes of footage. 
I'm guessing they have master-strength deodorant there. 
tbh yeah it looks pretty innocent when youve got headphones out just pickin up cans n shit n tossin em into your cart 
They were absolutely convinced they were 'protecting the well-being of children'.   I mean, like righteous anger. If they had mace I'm sure I'd have been sprayed.  
there was a guy like this who went to college with me, he had blank eyes, slow blinking schedule and a bland voice. I swear he could look into your soul.  
That last paragraph sums up so much. Once the accusation is made, it never leaves. Her mother should have asked her daughter for more specifics before going to, "She has a molesting big brother!"  You can still take something seriously without immediately assuming something awful. 
My friends have decided to stop hanging out with a couple that refuse to discipline their children. They're young kids, baby, toddler age, but they hit and bite to the point of drawing blood from other children. Babies are *not* angels and children are *not* innocent. It's our innate nature to be selfish and it has to be disciplined out of us.  
People generally don't back down from those accusations even if they suspect they may be wrong, they'll just double down all around crazy town.  
Munchausen is no joke. Not sure if its wuite the same thing, but I knew someone who would over-feed their child and then make them throw it up after every meal. She's rotting in a cell afaik but damn people do some weird shit. 
Ditto on the second half.  I don't normally have open doors because if I am having one of those conversations its probably private. I did always have a second member of staff there and make sure we're in camera range. 
That reminds me of Scott Alexander's curling irons story (which I can't find, regrettably), about a woman who had an inconveniently-frequent compulsion to go home and check if her curling iron was plugged in, and after trying psychotherapy and drugs, in the end the best solution was for her to carry it around everywhere so she could quickly verify that it wasn't plugged in.  (original may not have been a curling iron) 
I assure you the last line did not go like that... 
That'd have been an even better response...  "Hey, it's weird that two men are meeting here and people think you're selling drugs and are weirdos."  "I have a boyfriend." 
Wow, I'm sorry that you got treated like that. Whats worse is that even if you or her had called them on it you lose either way, because if (once) they ask you to leave its trespassing (for you to stay), so they don't have to give a reason to the cops.  Corporate on the other hand might get a kick out of a complaint related to employees kicking men out of the store and saying they can't be with their wives. It doesn't help in the short term but its always an option for later. 
Omg... Why didn't I think of this, now I can finally leave the house. 
Wasn't there, not a lawyer, wouldn't sue, etc.  That said, he had a perfectly innocent reason to be where he was and the store clearly treated him shittily because of his gender. 
And if the child does run into the road, "See, the father let the kid play in the street".  
As the parent of a rowdy girl that just threw a master lock at her dad, they ain't. 
There is something deeply wrong with that dichotomy between disciplining girls and boys, and it seems to happen so unconsciously.  
If you're a straight guy, I think it's helpful to think about the kinds of compliments you'd be comfortable giving to or receiving from your male friends.  I'd guess most straight guys would be totally fine with another guy complimenting their haircut, shoes, clothes, etc., or even non-physical things like skill or intelligence relating to some accomplishment. But "you have a great smile" or "you're so handsome/beautiful"? That might get a little weird. 
Or just pepper spray them after ten feet. Gotta stay safe out there. 
I'm cracking up. "YES, I AM BLACK AND YES, I AM WALKING IN YOUR GENERAL DIRECTION." 
Or feels it in her feet, like a Native American in a movie 
Im straight but im doing this with my buddies from now on. 
I feel it's kind of a point of etiquette, especially at night. I would hope someone would consider my feelings if the situation were reversed.     Plus I always feel super self concious in that situation...like "oh god I totally look like a rapist or a murderer following her". I feel like saying that I am not a rapist or a murderer wouldn't do much to comfort her either so I offer to walk ahead.  
And totally disregards the fact children are way more likely to be molested by someone they know. The "classic" creepy guy snatching random kids off the street almost never happens. 
If I saw a dad on a park bench, I'd be checking him out for a wedding ring tbh...especially if he was cute. but I'm a lecherous single mom..... 
"He's dead. It's not going to happen."  "Well not in that reincarnation..." 
I just wear a sign around my neck. "NOT A RAPIST! NOT A PEDOPHILE!"  I still get funny looks. 
I'm super friendly to the kids in the neighborhood. I have a 1 year old pup they absolutely adore so that makes things a lot less weird. I also go out of my way to to talk to the parents. Trying to break that stereotype.   My wife and I are new to the neighborhood so I we walk around a lot and try to talk to everyone.  
Sounds like a real sick son of a bitch that's for sure.  Teaching?  Kids?  Fuck that.  
There's nothing more scary,   or simply insane -   More deeply disturbing,   and hard to explain -   Alarming, disarming,   and apt to inflame...    Than eight-year-old girls chanting 'sex' in your name. 
Never better when you're dancing as you push your cart.   "Bitch I ain't got time to stalk you...I gotta DAAAAAANCE!" 
That was my thought too. They don't have dressing rooms that are sound-proof, did his wife not hear them come ask him to leave?  
And play with your kids in a park. Maybe even say hi to other kids too! 
Like Bill Burr said about the wife who cut off her husbands dick, if he cut off her tit no one would be laughing about it 
While screaming at the top of your lungs, "NO MEANS NO!!!" 
"Excuse me! I am **homeless**... I am **gay**... I have **AIDS**... I'm *new in town*..." 
So I start to sprint down the hallway at her, and she looks back and she's like, "AHHHHHHHHH"  She gives chase, so now we're booking it down the corridor at 2 o' clock in the morning. 
If a kid accuses a relative of molesting them; "Dont you dare lie! They would never do that!"    If they accuse a random, extra points if it's a male, the parents go ape shit and try to get the town to witch hunt without proof.   No apologies issued once the truth is learned and no effort to repair the damage done to said persons reputation and in some cases the accusers will for no reason double down because "the police are wrong, my child would never lie".  
Haha! That's why I take my kids to the park. But that's never happened to me.  
That is super weird. I have seen a lot of people go to the dog parks without dogs before, just to hang out there and read or sometimes play with the dogs. I mean, who doesn't like dogs? 
That poem is perfect. Just reading the last line brings about all the emotions mentioned before it 
You mean that same story that was brought up in that one episode of The View, and Sharon Osbourne wouldn't stop laughing her ass off?   The man was brutally mutilated for fuck's sake. 
It's 2 o'clock in the morning, and I'm gaining on her. I'm gaining on her, and she gets near the end of the hall and goes into that dead-end sort of shuffle, you know how girls do when you chase them?  (Quoting from memory don't judge) 
I never understood this "children never lie" nonsense. Kids lie all the time, it's rarely malicious but if it keeps them out of trouble and they think they can get away with it, then they'll give it a go! 
Admit it, you got bested by a 5 year old at a running game. 
I read one story where a dude had a kid on his lap, and in a room full of adults she said 'penis' and the parents who knew why she said it had to fake an explaination so he wouldn't be suspect. 
HR would like to have a word with you.  No, I'm sure it's nothing big.  But before you head over to see them, please bring Jim up to speed on your current project. 
"I DONT HAVE ANY CRACK LADY, STOP ASKING. DO I LOOK LIKE A DRUG DEALER?" 
Oh and then when one of the other women on the show was like "Haha ok but seriously though, it's not actually that funny, if the tables were turned then we wouldn't be laughing" and the others acted like she was being such a downer for ruining their fun. 
It's even more idiotic when all parents were once children and should know that kids do and say stupid shit for different reasons. 
shhhhhh they think im "letting them win" lol jokes on them 
Could be the plot of a porn scene.     Instead of a guy with two broken arms who needs a wank it's a guy with his hands clenching the rails being "molested" by ladies with pixilated genitalia.    
In fact, kids are largely little shits - particularly to eachother. It's not without reason that all kinds of bullying etc takes place in schools - empathy takes time to develop (and hell, some people never do) and until then, our base nature (which is pretty damn base) gets free rein. 
Perve, Depressed, Mental, or Blind. Pick your life. 
Even restaurants have that advertised in the front of their buildings. 
You don't really use water for cookies, unless they were scared of how she washed her hands. 
If you aren't going to trust the test what was the point of having it done? 
Sure, but the repairs are already under way and no amount of suing anyone is going to make it faster or less expensive.  
They just dont give a shit. Poor black people really dont have a voice over there. And the people privileged enough to have the power to potentially fix it are so lost in yankee jingoism they refuse to accept there is a serious problem.  
Im pretty sure most city water pipes are made of lead. Which isnt a problem, usually.  Flint is having trouble because of the other chemicals in the water that have corroded the pipes.  Im no chemist, but i know my city has lead pipes and the waters good.  
Don't forget all the fertilizer and petroleum waste runoff. But basically, nobody gives a shit. Waste has always been dealt with this way, and nothing has changed to accommodate the vastly larger population and strain on the local ecosystem.  
The Michigan AG is a worthless fuck. He is announcing new charges in the morning but it's political maneuvering to coincide with his gubernatorial run.  
It costs a lot of money to be in perpetual war with eight different countries. 
I wish the mods would just make a rule that all threads be serious. Damn near every thread without it turns into a shit show.  
Livonia resident here. The advisory was issued only as a precautionary measure and its pretty funny how some residents have been blowing it out of proportion on Facebook. Some people are freaking out because they drank the water, or brushed their teeth. It's just a precautionary boil water alert, no bacteria has actually been detected. They finished the first round of tests that came back clean. Now they have to wait another 24 hours to conduct the second round of tests to confirm. Just waiting for results to get the all clear.  It's been very entertaining to see the drama play out amongst the residents on local social media pages.   Our family didn't find out about the water advisory until the day after they issued it. My whole family drank a lot of water that day and we were fine. We have since switched to drinking bottled water, but have been showering and brushing our teeth with tap water.  We are all still feeling well and haven't grown a third eye.  
Boiling does not remove lead or other metals, primarily used to kill pathogens. Filters vary widely in their ability to remove lead. One needs to carefully read specs before choosing one and then test filtered water to see if claims are accurate.  
Still happening, the presidential candidates milked Flint for all the political points they could and moved on, little has happened since. 
Graduated from college there 2 years ago, havent lived there for a year, still only drink bottled water unless im desperate. Rarely ever did before 
Before the state really jumped in and started helping with water it was a lot of churches that helped, I volunteered with a Catholic Church that was on the North-east side so they had a lot of the really poor coming in need  Inb4 someone says that they were just trying to push their religion on people, those wonderful people sat in a garage behind the church like it was a full time job and unloaded more than a couple semi trucks full of water even though they were in their mid- 70's  Currently, I know Flint Rising is okay, but one group a friend works for has issues with them but nothing major but I can't recall the name of the group he works with. I personally like the Catholic Charities of Genessee County for their work with the homeless but I don't know how much they do with water distribution 
If there are 3 lead particles per billion that's 1.726x10^-5 grams of lead per 500mL of water. If a person drinks 2 liters of water a day, in a year at this level they would consume 0.025 g of lead.  
"Detroit water" out of this context would make me shy away from that restaurant... 
Because the water company *is* the government (of Flint), in this case.  
I always said Fresno was the worst place I've ever lived. And then I went to college in Texas City, TX. 
I used to live in the central coast of cali (SLO) and this sounds spot on. People assume Cali is some magical liberal "paradise" and just like any other place it has both sides of the political spectrum. 
Mind telling which purifier? And what source of water do you use then? 
Just do the right thing in the future and keep fighting against the bastards. 
No you dont. But do you use bottled water to wah your dishes and utensils amd hands? 
The problem is the pipes. There's tons of lead in the pipes now, so as the clean water comes through, it's bringing lead with it.  
Mine too. She baked cookies for them and then had to sit all night watching everyone pass them over. 
The water is provided municipally. There is no third party company using these pipes. Maybe I'm misunderstanding your question? 
They had a small part on This Old House showing the Army Corps of Engineers changing rhe pipes to a house. It was interesting. 
There are levels high enough that you might not even want to bathe with the water. Besides, OP might not have known they still wouldn't drink the water even with a good test-- once trust in water is lost, it's hard to bring it back. 
Yea, but they can sue for damages and what not. Not saying they should, but they can. "Because of your neglect x tragedy happened and y outcome became of it where it wouldn't have if water was clean" or something along those lines 
Last month, they gave SNAP benefit receivers who live in Flint a $400 one time grant on their food stamp cards. Woohoo. 
Poor people In America are treated like shit white or black; that being said black people are treated worse its sad really 
c, lead pipes aren't an issue because there is generally a protective coating, usually copper, that keeps the lead and the water separate. a change to the water source for tap water in flint corroded the protective coating, mainly in the pipes from the mains to residences, so changing to a clean source won't fix anything - the pipes have to be replaced  there's a massive number of them, and other people ITT have said (and it sounds completely reasonable) that it would cost more to dig up and replace every individual pipe than to just build a new flint and move everyone from old flint into it 
But at least we're winning....^right? No no wait at least we're making progress? ^^^RIGHT? 
It still is. That doesn't translate directly into wonderful infrastructure, unfortunately. 
Serious tags should be default, non-serious should be an opt-in tag or something 
I can see that.  Anything less obvious to other people who never lived there? 
I interviewed for a job in Flint recently and the organization put me up in a hotel inside city limits.  The hotel had free bottled water for guests.  I had no idea how much water I go through doing something as simple as brushing my teeth, or how much water pressure is really required to get your toothbrush clean of toothpaste.  Pouring water out of a bottle just doesn't have the pressure to do it.  I'd go through an entire bottle just during that part of my bedtime routine between rinsing my mouth and my brush.  I'm just glad it was only a two night stay, as opposed to my daily life for years and years. 
The Catholic church gets alot of flak on reddit i dont blamed them but it is a giving church and bible thumping is frown upon in my area 
Detroit actually sits on one of the largest freshwater sources in the world. The city may have issues, but the water isn't one of them.  
When I first learned the township was fine, I was relieved I could visit Sagano's still lol  
Linden between Calkins and Beecher right by CAHS if we're being precise 
Can't the Federal Government do anything as it's about water, and surely they can still be sued to high heaven.  
I moved from Fresno when I was 10. Admittedly I still miss that place, but I'm so glad to be away from it, though some of my oldest friends and family live there still. 
Exactly. People constantly talk about it as if it's a liberal hive mind. I think most people don't realize how big California is, and how diverse the people are. Most of the liberal areas are down south and on the coast, but even then it's a mixed bag. And then; when you go anywhere out in the countryside or Central Valley, it seems to get a lot more Republican.   Moving from Monterey to Chico for school really opened my eyes to it. Chico specifically is strange, because a lot of the people associated with the university are left-leaning, while most of the people who live in Chico and aren't involved with the school are right-leaning. Makes for a weird atmosphere.   
The water for the fields doesn't come from our pipelines. Any farms that have land against the riverbank on the San Joaquin received riparian rights to the water there and use river water. Everyone else uses canal water. 
also the town hall is on the 22nd if you'll be back by then and think the ban is garbage. I'm pretty concerned by the fact that we have a shitton of disabled ppl and especially disabled veterans who rely on MMJ to get through the day sans pain and mental issues.  
Yep, bought house in Detroit Metro in 2004 for 140k, when I had to move for work in 2008 it was worth 29k. Did a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Everyone I know from the area has foreclosed on at least one home. Crazy.  
It's possible because it comes with lead pipes and no employment prospects 
Lead that doesn't get into the cookies, because you don't use water to make cookies. 
No you were right, its just where I am from the city rents out the pipes  
Detroit got took over by an EFM, who raised water rates.  Flint got took over by an EFM who had to cut costs, too.  This was a pissing contest gone wrong. 
Proof.  Proving that in court.  While it's obvious to us and 'common sense' the kind of proof required in court to show causation and not just correlation requires expert testimony, reams of data, and therefore tons and tons of money.   Of course that's not the only reason, but it's a factor.  
No, we have to do it. Europe can't be trusted to not start a world war, inevitably collapse, and destroy our economy in the process if we don't.   See: The entire reason NATO exists.  
In the 60s you spent 12% of the budget on infrastructure, now it is less than 1%. Basic upkeep would be 3%. Your bridges are collapsing, your roads crumbling and your children drinking lead.  But I guess it's more important to keep building new aircraft carriers in order to be able to bomb middle eastern families than to have drinking water. 
Wait...there's a hotel actually within city limits? I know Flint Township has a lot, but there must be one downtown that I didn't know about  But yeah, the amount of water you go through is just insane, I can't even imagine having to bathe with only water bottles  Personal problem of the crisis was when groups started requiring ID to prove you were a Flint resident and not someone trying to get free water (assholes) and being a student who's hometown is not Flint. Luckily the local colleges started their own stockpiles for students 
Yeah, I'm usually pretty hesitant to say I'm practicing Catholic on Reddit.  My top comment ever I edited after the fact and thanked someone for gold and said I was surprised a comment I made real quick before an Easter Vigil mass got so much attention and within 10 minutes of the edit, I got a "fuck you for that edit, I'm downvoting" reply 
It was very much appreciated, trust me.  Especially when you had families with kids drive up and ask for cases and jugs of water so they could shower or have water at school. A lot of groups also went door to door handing water to people who were stuck at home and couldn't go out and get water, the elderly or disabled.   Once the news coverage started the drop, the state had already pretty much stepped in and started funding it 
I'm Catholic, so it's great to see some love on Reddit.  But to be fair, most Christian denominations are pretty good about providing non-proselytizing service to those in need (even evangelicals).  You get your food, clothing, voucher...and if you want to stay for the spiritual stuff that's up to you.   People don't realize how extensively the US's social welfare net is integrated into churches/synagogues/mosques.  Religion gets a lot of flack, but if all these places closed their doors tomorrow or were cut off from government funds, it'd be a nationwide humanitarian disaster.  Volunteers working through churches help a lot of people survive in this country. 
Catholics and mormons are the most helpful from my experience. Both of them do a ton of service and their members really care about helping people.  
This really puts into perspective the potential fuck up that could've happened.  
I live in a suburb that uses Detroit water.  It is hands down the best water I've ever drank or had to use. 
And this is why they want to change their name, lol. 
I think I heard somewhere that it would cost less to build a new town for everyone in flint to live in than to replace all of the lead pipes. 
My mom lives in San Jose and I live in rural North Carolina. She couldn't fathom a trump victory despite me explaining what it was like trying to talk politics with the locals  
Population density isn't always the case though. Look at some electoral maps of rural northern Michigan or Minnesota, in fact, the county that has been voting democrat/liberal for the longest is St Louis County,  Minnesota. Most of it has to do with the Denocrat's strong support for unions, and the area's economy is based on unionized iron mining  
Why does everyone hate on Saskatchewan as some sort of backwards conservative place? Saskatchewan was the first province to implement single-payer healthcare leading to federal adoption Canada-wide, it is the birthplace of the NDP which is the left-most major party and is the source of many union movements.  Until they tapped oil ca. 2001 I guess. 
Also from SLO! Can confirm, every tourist from Fresno radiates brain damage. 
Clovis is literally the motherfucking worst. Having lived in Texas, they are the most bullshit wannabe Texans on earth. It's a bunch of rich white dudes playing Green Acres and hiring Mexican field-workers for pennies. They do a rodeo every year that is just full of the most god-awful people on earth: soft-handed chodes in sterling Stetsons and cowboy boots, and "I want to speak to your manager" bitches in booty shorts, starting fights cause they're drunk. On top of that, it's one of the worst times for fucking human trafficking here, because these drunk assholes go out and pick up underage female prostitutes. The cops rescued something like 100 girls this rodeo season from sex trafficking and busted a shitton of rich Clovis fat-cats for soliciting. 
Oh man, I know the feeling. The first time I went to WeHo lmfao. The Castro in SF was even more of a culture shock. Not bad, just "wow there are gay people just kissin' in public here and no half-drunk peckerwoods in lifted F150s driving by and cussing and throwing beer bottles at them" 
There are actually many branches of the KKK still going on in Sacramento. Although I grew up (23 years) in Orange County and they are very conservative. My partner and I were shocked when we would see another same sex couple around the area holding hands. I moved to the Sac area a couple years ago and people here are much more accepting, but that doesnt stop more conservatives in areas as close as Placerville from being all over. It really is strange here in Ca. 
Ive heard stories of farmers buying a few city blocks of the $1 homes in detroit and turning it into farms. Not sure if any of it is true but thats what ive heard. 
Median home price right now in Boise, Idaho is $230,000. Idaho. We have 1.5 million people in the whole state. 
Well, even in that case, it wouldn't be up to the company that rents the pipes to replace them.   When you rent a house and works needs to be done on it, the renter isn't the one that pays for it, the owner is. 
For the last 20 years? Sure, now you wouldn't. But back when they had Detroit water people weren't paying, either.   Not that's it's necessarily their fault, many people straight up had no money. But at some point, the bill's gotta get paid. That service isn't free and the city didn't exactly have a lot of spare money in the budget. 
You did more than I have for people in Flint so I certainly won't cast the first stone. 
People don't like how slow they are to change their beliefs. The modern evangelical/non-denominational churches might as well change to suit whatever's popular in their area at the time. I grew up in that kind of church, where no opinion was really "wrong." Gained a lot of respect for the Catholic church as I got older, and studied theology. Though I think they take the conservatism a bit too far, I understand the hesitancy to throw out a thousand years of thought on a subject just because it makes people today uncomfortable. 
Not really. The problem wasn't that there's lead in river they draw their water from, it's that they didn't treat the water properly and as a result lead from the pipes in the city leeched into the tap water.   The Great Lakes are amazing and need to be protected, but I don't think there's too much concern about possible legionnaires disease out breaks from Great Lakes contamination. There's 8 States, and also Canada, who are all heavily invested in the conservation of the Great Lakes.  
True, doesn't matter how fresh the water is if it's filtered through shitty pipes.  
You joke, but have you ever seen those maps where it shows you what the world will look like post-climate change? Michigan is one of the only viable living options in the US - far enough away from the coasts to avoid heavy storms and flooding, plenty of fresh drinking water. In almost any apocalyptic scenario, including zombies, Michigan is the place to be. Property prices in Detroit are increasing and are expected to increase steadily over the next decade or two at least - now is a good time to buy, if you're interested in an apocalyptic safe house. 
I have to show this to my CA born wife. Shes thinks im fussy because i refuse to drink the stuff that comes out of the pipes in CA. I drank tap water all my life until i moved out west. 
Carman Hills lol....I don't know if I'll ever be able to call it that  
This would not be the first time a town in Michigan has done this to solve a problem (mining town in the upper peninsula did that) 
The federal government sent 100 Million dollars to Michigan to fix the issue 
I mean, I get where you're coming from but it isn't the water itself that's contaminated in this case.  I don't think the EPA has control over municipal pipes. 
God I miss House of Pies- Bayou Goo is one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life.  
San Jose area here. Silicon Valley is arguably the most liberal part of the country. Conservatives are few and far between, which definitely creates a sort of echo chamber. 
My friend from California went to college in Virginia and gets the same treatment. He's a devout Christian Baptist with very moderate political views but they still treat him like a token Californian  
Isn't Redding reallly country and conservative? My only experience with it is Fallout 2 and driving through it on my way to OSU for the Shakespeare Festival 
I'm not hating on Sask, more reference to it being a farming town feel and not a-typical Cali feel.  
FOR REAL!!! I'm just constantly amazed that people can just joke around about how they're gay or trans and no one even bats an eye.   Like I'm trans and not even comfortable with it myself because I was raised to believe it's unnatural and wrong and sick and perverted, and now I tell people here and they're like "oh, cool. Want some pizza"   It's such a non-issue here, and it's amazing  
That's okay. Berkey is sold in stores where I live, legit ones. I definitely did not buy mine MLM. I've never encountered Berkey's in any MLM format. Most MLM companies let you look at products on their website, and then require you buy from a 'local representative' or something. I do not buy MLM products.   Not a scientist, but am a paralegal and generally thoroughly research anything I buy, especially if I'm going to spend any real amount of money on it.    The product definitely has almost a cult following among some folks, but I found nothing that triggered my 'Scam!' sensors.    And definitely not interested in getting into a reddit battle of links and research and linksearch and reallinks.  So let's not.   No one who prefers not to spend money on any form of filtration system is required to, and let's leave it at that.  
There are urban gardens popping up here and there, but most people who are buying up city blocks are foreign speculators who will just sit on the land for 10, 20, 30 years in the hopes that the city rejuvenates over time.    
It's not a matter of risk; there's no risk at that dosage. If lead from the water is what you're worried about, the residue on a clean dish that's come off onto a dry cookie will not be a problem. 
No but if a company couldn't function they could at least loan the city money and/or front the cost so that they didn't have to completely shut down operations and the city could repay them with interest.  
I sent my water in and it came back, "just drink it lol."  
Flint decided to not use corrosion prevention chemicals in their distribution system. This entire clusterfuck to save thd cost of a 300 dollar chemical pump and a few thousand dollars a year in blended phosphates.  I've been in drinking and waste water applications for over a decade...Flint was just bad management decisions from the top down.   
True but slightly misleading. The issue is pH changes. The pipes have been stripped of contaminates at their current pH thanks to our grandparents and the old dead people. Change the pH and you start to strip the remaining contaminants still in the pipe. Simply put, don't change the pH in systems with bad pipes.  Flint went to a new water source and they dramatically changed the pH in the process. Flint has 3 choices now. Replace pipes, filter at the tap, or wait a few decades for the pipes to do what they did decades ago. Given the nearly non-existent recovery effort it is clear what choice they took. It's the cheapest too!  
I'm not joking at all.  I've been thinking about this for some time.  Not sure about the logistics though since I live on the east coast.  Like how to maintain the lot and deal with squatters. 
I'm from ann arbor and live in CA. I drink the tap water both places.  I maintain that A2 has some of the best tap water in the world, but it's perfectly drinkable in California.  I mean it's water not expensive wine, I don't drink it for the taste and unless it's downright awful it's always refreshing. 
I also grew up with well water but mine wasn't drinkable lol. 
They probably didn't have to destroy a beautiful part of the Sierra for their water.  
Interesting, would you happen to know a bit more background on that? From the UP and hadn't heard of that. 
We'll take Flint, Michigan...  And **PUSH** it somewhere else 
You're correct, just a drop in the bucket though and a drop way too late - I'd also guess it was spurred by the now over 1 billion dollar class action lawsuit against the EPA for this. 
I worked field/labor jobs for most of my teens. It's damn good money considering. 
Chocolate Pecan was my downfall. I've heard there's a House of Pies in Los Angeles, which I need to investigate. 
North Idahoan here. I live in a Republican Echo chamber. The town I live in is a retirement mecca. We are being overrun by retiring Californians, most of them conservative. I can't even talk to my family about Trump without them freaking out for questioning his policies. I'm now a piece of liberal garbage. Trying to explain to them that the Trumpcare bill will triple Grandma's monthly Medicare premiums is impossible. They called me a liar. WTF? Just watch the news! Any news! They've turned into ostriches and I don't understand it.  
Redding is my hometown. Yes. It's ultra conservative and a total assbackwards shithole of drugs, crime, and more drugs.  
It really is. The town is changing a lot because we've been attracting a lot more things than Ag, like software and green energy. We're never gonna completely become LA or SF tho, ag is just too important here.  
Can confirm.   Just moved to Los Angeles, am paying $2,100/month for a 1 bedroom with no air conditioning, no parking and no laundry.  Decent tap water though.  It's like you're fucked either way. 
No doubt, but I was working out the lead contamination from the water left on the plate.   Eating a single cookie will hurt you more than licking the lead off the plate.  
But at 0.3% of the daily maximum, that kind of exposure has negligible impact. It's a low risk behavior if you think about it in terms of lead consumed per hour. 
Why should they pay for it? They aren't a utility company and a bank. Banks give loans with interest. 
Speaking as a former Flint resident, I would bet a large sum of money that it wasn't a "decision" to not use corrosion prevention chemicals, more that it was so poorly managed that no one realized that A) it needed to be in place or B) it wasn't put in place already. I have a hard time believing that anyone would deliberately say "nah we don't need to not leach lead into the water supply," especially given the huge investigation that followed.  
Even then they don't have the resources to win. GO NCR!!! 
pH is the key. It's the same situation with the Gold King Mine spill in Silverton, CO a couple summers ago. I know a guy who monitors the water up there, and he told me the concern is not the minerals in the river, but the acidity. The water can only dissolve the heavy metals when it is acidic. When the pH is at normal levels, those metals settle in the riverbed.  
I agree. Water from that area is the best. My first apartment in CA, the water was too brown to drink. It was the pipes though. I moved across town and the water is great.  
Hey man, I like spicy. I consider myself a spice expert, and this is some Grade A primo spice.  
I picked a small field of corn and bailed hay for a few days when I was 15 or so, it was the dirtiest job I have ever done.  This was in the mid 80's in Mississippi in the peak of summer. 100+ F 90% Humidity.  Doing that job taught me that going to school was well worth the small pain in the ass I thought it was at the time. 
Exactly. Nobody else is going to pick fruit in the hot sun for minimum wage 
I hate to break this to you, but what this guy is saying is not part of "standard" macroeconomics. It is a heterodox school of macroeconomics called "Modern Monetary Theory" which has a terrible track record of working in practice.  \*cough\* Zimbabwe  \*cough\*  
The government isn't just giving out that money though. If they pay for the construction of infrastructure at around market rates there wouldn't be any discernible difference in inflation but many people will have made money and we would have additional value of new infrastructure. 
My extremely conservative mother has voiced, with no sense of irony, a fear that if undoing Obama's policies is the worst option, and that Obama's policies were the more viable ones, then we're doomed as a nation because a (black) Democrat was a better leader than a Wall Street "Actual American". 
Ag is a money maker look at Illinois yeah its been irresponsible with its money but its the 5th wealthiest state 791 billion in gdp 
Or you could move to a nicer part of Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, etc and be paying a tiny fraction of what you pay in Los Angeles *and* have drinking water.   I used to live in LA and I left because it was stupidly unaffordable and I couldn't have the quality of life I wanted long term. 
It's not about who should or shouldn't, it's about "my company relies on this water supply. With it functional, we make millions. With it failing, we make squat. We will front the cost and make a profit off of the cities misfortune while we're at it" 
The Safe Drinking Water Act comprehensively outlines the testing that needs to be done on public water supplies for just this reason.  Anyone working with drinking water systems lives and breathes it every day.  It also has guidelines on the exact procedure to follow if a violation occurs.  It's literally just following instructions. 
Hate to break it to you but it's happening in a lot of places in the US and it's heavily underreported, too. 
Wasn't the NCR's army big enough to defeat your Securitrons and the Three Families? Indeed it was - and still is. But not without taking significant casualties vegas belongs to me because I mustered enough strength to bring the NCR to the bargaining table 
I spent too much of my life in Michigan, I always have a little spice waiting for them :) Beautiful state, some great people, but holy shit they have a bad state government, and I know way too many people who got taken by salesman Trump in Michigan.  
No shit not for minimum wage but for a wage that is actually acceptable for a job like that and sure I'd work it.  
Okay, R1 this on /r/badeconomics then so I can learn :) 
When my family screams that the Democrats have spent the last 8 years destroying this country, to a certain degree and in specific instances, I agree. But I know that when they say that, they aren't talking about corporate sellouts, they're talking about that black man they hate so much.  
Oh, definitely! I mean the majority of our income comes from Ag. We're just branching out into other fields, and I'm pretty impressed at how progressive we've been in that, despite how conservative our county is. Green energy, especially, is absolutely soaring, and I know a few people who are climbing their way up to their first million because they jumped into green energy at inception. 
When you see that a house's price in a mid-large sized city is that cheap, it typically means high crime. I'm sure there are exceptions, but it's a good rule of thumb. Otherwise, people would be living there and housing prices would be higher due to the higher demand of living there. 
The "Safe Drinking Water Act" sounds like one of those burdensome federal regulations to me. We'll all be freer and better off once we get those off the books. /s 
Yeah, it surprised me when Flint got all the news coverage considering there are plenty of other US towns in the exact same, if not a worse situation than Flint is when it comes to water. 
When I was assigned to this bargaining table, I was hoping there'd be more gambling.  
And our goddamn roads.  That shit will swallow car tires whole and spit you out on a flatbed heading to a repair shop. 
A good portion of reddit is apparently terrified of labour and can't wrap their head around people doing it for a living and not being a complete bitch about it. 
Yep. I make zero physical contact beyond shaking hands when introducing myself. I'll hug close friends but that's it. 
My sister was really into the indigo girls and ani difranco and cut her hair off and joined the rugby team. This was about 15 years ago, and she is now happily married to a man.  We were all *shocked* 
I remember in girl with the dragon tattoo when the villian says "you'll be amazed at what people do because they don't want to be rude" and I feel like half of the crap we put up with is because we want to be nice or polite.   (This was from the movie and I paraphrased I don't remember the book very well) 
I once gave a compliment to my friend on a party. I just said his shirt looked nice on him when he thought it was too small. And then all his peers went "ooooooooooooooooooh" behind him. I just really wanted to compliment my friends and I do it all the time. :( I never gave a compliment to him ever again.  
Whenever I eat a banana in public, I aggressively tear it apart with my bared teeth 
I do this too! Except I'm a 6'4 man and in reality it's just because finding pants that are long AND skinny is very difficult, I have far too few casual belts, and I don't want to literally show off my ass. 
"Omg is that a grill gamer?" "Marry me" "Suck my dick"  Every time I start talking in an Overwatch comp... 
Also... who the fuck are you random guy? Am I supposed to just trust you with my stuff?  
What I hate more is when they tell me it's just because I've NEVER HAD A REAL MAN BEFORE. JEEZ I know confidence is sexy but your dick is not magic, it cannot un-gay me tyvm. 
Yep. Last year I ran into a coworker at the supermarket, and he offered to help me out with my groceries. We get to my car, and all of a sudden I'm arguing with him for 10 minutes about why I don't want to date him.  I started off joking, then got serious; Finally I just got in the car and left.  
For the life of me, I don't understand why people are so scandalized when a bra strap shows. It's not my fucking nipple, it's a strip of cotton with a little plastic slider.   As a kid, I never gave a fuck, and as an adult, lol I still don't care. Call me trashy if you want, I don't have time to care about that shit.  
You are engaged?   Screw you b*tch for leading me own 
Hey I saw your post.   HI    hey   HOW are you   hey  
Being bigger definitely reduces a lot of what I've read here. I was a nice, friendly, not skinny but not overweight girl a few years back and i couldnt look at a bloke without being harassed.   Now I'm not-so-skinny lol but the problem has done a 180, now i cant have a conversation with a bloke at a bar because they panic thinking a fat chick is hitting on them and wont give me the time of day.    Basically i stopped trying to make friends lol  
Not just that, but you've now given a clear green light for them to now seize every opportunity possible to talk about all the feelings they've had building up over the years that they've never shared with anyone else. You become their sole emotional support system when you were just trying to be a normal friend once.  
When I was 13, my Dad told me "nobody can think with a hard on" and "an erect dick has no conscience"   which, applied to 13 year old boys, wasn't bad advice    
I totally get why you reacted in the way you did, and have experienced similar things. The way I think of it is that my brain is automatically set to a polite setting. I know how to act like a decent human being. But when I come across a creepy guy and his behavior is so unacceptable it's like.... how do I react here? I guess I'll just keep on being polite?? My brain just defaults to that.  But nowadays I'm like.... fuck that. If a guy is being rude to me I am going to be rude right back because I don't owe him my politeness. I don't owe him anything. Most of the time these sorts of creeps are giant cowards. If you loudly confront them they'll usually back off. And if you're in a public setting, you have even more security, because strangers will make the guy back off and will be on your side if the guy has the dumbass idea to escalate. Slowly, I've retrained my reactions, and I think I'm the better for it. 
There seems to be a fairly clear pattern in those two threads: women are afraid of men, and men are afraid of scaring women. 
I always feel weird walking my dog (5lb silver/grey Chihuahua).  I will hear women/girls squee while driving by, or I get stopped a lot because of the dog.  I know full well they want to pet/interact with my dog, but that part of my biology is like, dude, they are standing right there, hit on them. I'm not trying to condone men always acting on that impulse, but it's there, and if you don't do a lot of introspection, you may not see it as wrong or that it makes people uncomfortable.  I'm usually pretty good about trying to be super neutral and just talking about the dog and not really about myself or the lady. I mean, my pupper is the fucking shit, she deserves all the attention, and I love dog people, so I don't want to creep any out. 
I literally could have written this post. I always loved having friends of both genders throughout my childhood and even some of my adolescence (it helped that I was a bit of an ugly duckling), but the older (and more attractive?) I got, the more complicated things became. I really hate having to be so cold to most men, but it's just the path of least resistance socially. :/  
Plot twist, both genders are gay when regarding bananas... 
Guys are dickheads. Was out with my gf one night. I moved away to light a smoke, and two guys came up and started hitting on her and her friend. She goes "no thanks, my bf is over there".   Next thing I know they are trying to fight *me* cause my gf told them she wasn't interested!  
Yay! I am so happy to hear not all women are terrified to be nice to men or dress however they want. I am the same way, but it took most of my 20s to get to this point...  
I assure you, there are plenty of women out there who do not have explicitly feminine interests.  
To be fair, a guy will have the same problem if they have an itch in the lower regions.  
I was friends with a girl, she'd had one boyfriend from the time she was 17 to 24 (when I met her). I could kind of tell she was a bit naive when it came to acting around male friends. I wasn't silly about it, she had a partner and I was so grateful for the support she offered me. During a super stressful time she was there to ask me how I was doing and offer support. Even just the 'Morning!' texts were such a ray of sunshine.      I can imagine stuff like that being misinterpreted as advances or whatever. But I was just happy to have a friend who cared during that time. Honestly, I did struggle with feeling for her, but I knew damn well that wasn't the appropriate course of action and it wasn't her fault either. But I valued her friendship way too much to do something so stupid like pursue her.  
I think your first male friend was off his rocker if he invited people to a house with a three week old baby to party.  The pillow thing is just weird though. 
"It's hard to believe the fear of offending can be stronger than the fear of pain but, you know what? It is, and they always come willingly." 
Ugh I hate this. I remember this guy I knew talking about how much his braces and helped his teeth and I said that they're looking really good. I was complimenting his teeth!! But all his friends freaked out like I had just proposed. So I don't compliment guys anymore.  
Don't torment him, use it to your advantage. We have a guy that can fit an entire unpeeled banana down his throat, with only the very tip of the stem showing between his lips. He does it in view of every new guy when nobody else is around, then it's never mentioned again.   They usually act a hit freaked out for some time. It's hilarious.   Yes, we tell them we're just fucking with them. Right before the next new guy shows up.  
Fat bloke here, I just keep one leg straight and swing the other one out behind me as a counterweight 
"omg! A grill!" or "Very nice. A girl on my team."  It gets annoying too when they patronize you.  
I used to play EU server then I moved back home. SEA server makes EU server look like an etiquette school.  I used to have a group of friends I'd play with every day when I was still living in Europe. We tried all kinds of games; would always get the same response from strangers. Thankfully, my friends always backed me up.  Recently, I've started playing on Japan server. There's a tiny bit of lag but at least the Japanese are generally friendly and I can't understand the Russians anyway. 
Maybe he's a badly thought out superhero who just can't seem to get the gigs. 
I was on a date with a guy and I casually mentioned it was a bit chilly out for Florida. Trying to joke and make conversation, you know.  He then *insisted* that I wear his jacket.  Not just like "Do you want my jacket?" but "Put my jacket on." I declined twice before I just took it and awkwardly draped it over my shoulders.  First date. Thinking back, it really bothered me at the time but I just kind of let it go because I didn't want to be rude. I mean, I got where the sentiment was coming from but I really hated how stupid it made me feel.  
You get the pop quiz about anything remotely nerdy, not just video games.  Books, comics, movies, table top games,  so many quizzes....  
This. And believe me that woman is still giving the guy shit whether you acknowledged him or not. If his eyes so much as strays, whether it's looking out for traffic or making sure a stranger doesn't get too close while walking on the street, if she feels even a little threatened by someone she feels is eye candy then it's day ruined for the both of 'em.  Your efforts are appreciated, but futile. 
That's where you suggest the same thing.   "Oh you're straight? You just haven't had a REAL MAN before." 
But how do you know you're not straight if you haven't had a good dicking? /s 
I've noticed gay men just have their own unique set of problems facing straight women. I'm a lesbian though so I'd want a gay man to really confirm that. 
I had a similar issue. Coworker saw me pushing the cart to my car, offered to help, I tried to politely decline but he insisted. Then he asked me where my favorite bar was but I don't go to bars. His reply "Well then where are we going on our date?" Like what the hell. Not only did he never actually ask me out but I'm married and he has met my husband at a number of functions.  
My wife insisted she pay for herself on our first date.  I had a water and $.99 cheese burger - best dollar I ever spent!  
Hang on, I'm a lady and I've never had any of these! Where are my free things?? 
It's really disturbing how many stories I've heard from women from ages when they were 13-16 and having people flirt/wolf whistle them that shouldn't have been.  
43, Got told I'd suddenly be invisible when I reached middle age. Nope, get taken seriously. 
Or something like "what are you doing tonight?" "Oh, dinner with the bf, you?" 
I know a ton of girls who aren't even engaged that wear rings on their wedding finger just so they don't get hit on. It's said that girls have to do that just to get guys to back off.    Some guys are persistent though. Ring on finger and visibly pregnant, my friend still gets hit on.  
It's true, but isn't it a little sad that you have to? You just want to have a chat with someone... oh, but first you've got to work in your S.O. so as not to potentially offend the person you're speaking with.  
The opposite happens to me. I have a serious case of resting bitch face. I get creepy comments like "You should smile more" or "You look better when you smile." Ugh, just shut up. 
"I thought I was just being a civil human being."  And thus an atypical experience for a lot of retail workers. 
Probably because for ever girl that thinks they're showing interest by saying or doing something, there's another 3 who do it just to be nice.   Even worse is when you're asked out as a joke so now someone being straight up with you is now suspicious. 
Hey  Hey  Hello  Hello?  HELLO  I LOVE YOU  FUCK YOU BITCH 
You mean those movies that guys swear they don't watch? 
This is the thing most people would rather not think about. This shit starts early and it stays with you and it's basically accepted as a fact of a woman's life.  
Think about it this way. Most guys have *zero* outlet for anything like that...zero. You don't bring it up to your dad, your friends, your siblings, etc. Not saying you have to be on the receiving end, just giving some perspective as to why.  
When I was young my dad told me, "When the dick gets hard the brain gets soft."  Super awkward.  
Simple solution - become less attractive. Being average has worked well for me. 
I don't see any way this could possibly not be a euphemism. 
My sister works out. I do her programming. On occasion I will go with her to form check. I give her some tips after seeing her perform a deadlift, and instantly this other guy comes up beside her and goes "can I give you some deadlift tips." We just looked at each other, laughed internally, and let him share his wisdom.  In fact most girls I know complain about this as being a major reason as to why they hate the gym. Honestly I've been guilty of it, but because I legit wanted to help their form. Now I just keep quiet and let them learn themselves. 
Ugh, yes. Like "Thank you, man who makes Donald Trump look like a sex god, how would I survive without knowing a fat 70 year old man wants to ejaculate on my chest?" 
It's true though. It's also the scene in The Lovely Bones where 14-year-old Susie finds herself alone in an underground shelter her neighbor has built and lured her in with the premise of it being a clubhouse for the neighborhood kids. In the book and the film he offers Susie a coke and she tries to decline and tells him she needs to get home. He then preys on her niceness telling her in the book, ""Be polite and have a Coke." In the film he tells her to, "be polite," and that's a rule for the clubhouse.   And right after that the POS rapes and murders her.   I taught all my kids, screw being polite if it feels wrong it is regardless if it's someone you know or someone you don't.  
This is SO TRUE! I'm a female barista and I served this one guy coffee recently. He spent seven hours standing at the counter trying to flirt with me, and I felt bad saying no. Finally I told him he had to leave and I wasn't interested, and he started calling the shop every single day to say he was watching me work. I legit quit my job over this dude. 
I really hate that women have to deal with this. I always feel awkward when I happen to follow the same path as a woman, wondering if I'm making them nervous that I'm following them. 
One time at work, just to be a silly goose I sat at my desk with a peeled banana on a paper plate. I began to eat it meticulously with a knife and fork. Oddly enough I was "randomly" drug tested the following week 
Small girl here, I do the same thing. Bending over other ways, especially squatting, makes my joints all crack like a fireworks finale 
I was playing GTA V and this guy was telling another on voice chat that his 2nd character was a chick. The other guy was like "Why the fuck is your other character a chick?!?!  You're a dude?!?!"  The first guy started laughing and said "Man, people are desperate as fuck and if they see a female character, they think you're a girl and will throw all kinds of money and cars and shit at ya. You can get whatever you want from them and they'll protect ya. It's funny as hell what they'll do!"  They whole voice chat exploded with laughter and you could just tell that light bulbs went off in everyone's heads hearing that. 
It's like they think the only thing women do to have fun is watch Mean Girls and talk about boys 
Working hospitality is the same barrel of monkeys. I am male, so reverse the situation.   I've become pretty experienced at spotting the insecure guys who will leave a bad tip simply for making eye contact/smiling at their date.   My coworkers and I always joke *"They must be a lot of fun to be around."*     
And provoke a long hard look in the mirror for him. 
"Tell you what mate, how about you go find out if you're gay first?" 
Oh yeah, gay men and het women have some issues. A lot of times they'll like to make out the gay guy to be their new *gay bff*, generally almost fetishizing and making a caricature of the gay community.  Then again, I've seen gay men justifying misogyny and groping women just because "they're gay, they're not trying to have sex so it's okay." No, the woman hating is not acceptable and unfortunately it's pervasive in the gay community. 
I always insist on paying for the whole date. I've had pretty good results with that method. If the guy is chill, he'll appreciate the treat. If the guy is not chill, he'll get super butt hurt. I even had one guy get up and walk out on me because I paid the bill while he was in the bathroom and apparently that was emasculating.  
Step 1: Be attractive  Step 2: Don't be unattractive    ^^^^its ^^^^a ^^^^joke ^^^^dont ^^^^kill ^^^^me ^^^^pls 
When I was 11 and alone, I had a guy with one leg on a scooter stop and flirt with me. He asked me out. I had the presence of mind to tell him I had a boyfriend, which wasn't true because I was fucking 11. He said, "well, you come and find me when you want to know what a real man is."  I WAS ELEVEN. I hadn't even hit puberty yet. 
The only people we are invisible to is creeps. I call that a win.  
Old age ??? It's the best age. My wife is in her mid 30's and I feel like she is at her best. And I feel like it only gets better ! 
You rock. Thanks for reminding me that more people think like this. 
That's why I like it too. I feel like it eases up the tension on both sides. Not awkward for either party.  
"Does he treat you right?  Only asking because I'm concerned...and I would definitely treat you better."  You have literally already proved that to be a false statement. 
I've had one guy say my husband (yes I am actually married) "doesn't have to know." Disgusting.  
Yeah same, I get "smile a little why ya frowning". Half the time I don't even know I'm frowning. 
I'm a barista, and the guy I usually get scheduled with helps the women and I take the men and we make pretty good money haha.  
I did this one time. Told a guy I couldn't give my number because I wasn't allowed and turns out it was a coworker's friend. They told him I was lying and asked why I lied. AWKWARD! 
I give them the phone number to the bar I work at and say, "this is where you can reach me!"  
Had a group of girls come up to me in the mall when I was young. All of them were laughing except for the one that was being pulled towards me. She was acting nervous and trying to gtfo without being rude.  The laughing girls told me that the "no no no just kill me now" girl thought I was cute and wanted my phone number. I, being the preteen eternal cynic I was, immediately called bullshit on the entire situation. I told them with a straight face that I didn't have a phone, texting a friend all the while.  Looking back, on the 3% chance they were being serious, I kind of feel like an ass. But then I look at my life now and realize that, either way, I did her a favor. 
Thank you so much for saying that, I seriously appreciate it.  
Seriously, My classmates are the the nicest most sweetest women in the world and become basically family during school. Total mindfuck 
I know a guy like this who does it to me, and I'm also a guy (and we're both straight. He always wanted to talk about Superman fighting Jesus or some annoying shit). If you don't answer him immediately, he takes it as a personal insult and now you're the spawn of Satan and an ungrateful asshole. I eventually just ghosted his ass.  Some people just... I dunno, man. 
It's also because guys constantly gets told to man up. So when someone shows genuine concern, it's something different. 
1-on-1 with friends I'll get that sometimes in the form of deep talks, but in a group it won't usually be mentioned and it certainly won't be mentioned in a concerned way, although sometimes there are opportunities for guys to just talk and get things off their chests. But that's with very close friends. I've only gotten real emotional concern (in my life) from my parents (and sometimes grandparents I suppose), my ex, and two close female friends. 
Also guys please note, if you are interested in a girl, telling her all your fears and insecurities makes you extremely sexually unattractive at the start. These are the things that should come later in a relationship.  
Woah, looks like *someone's* gotten too big for their britches. Being all *average* and whatsnots. Hrmph. 
This is why there are women only gyms. people like you understand that, but there are so many men who are like "omg that's so sexist, it's not fair!" and it's like, sorry all the women are keeping to themselves and not going to your gym so you can sexually harass them, i mean, why else would they even give a shit about what women are doing unless it was for that reason? 
There's no confidence boost better than when Harold the Octogenarian makes jerking off motions at you with his wrinkled, WW2 era hand in the checkout line at target.  
I am sorry to hear that. Check at /r/abrathatfits, maybe you will get one problem less?  I hope that you will get better. I love you  
Be polite and kind to everyone.  Also have a plan to kill them.  
Then you have to try to chug down banana mush though :( 
I just belly flop on the ground and roll over to whatever dropped, then I ask someone near by to pull me up while I lay on my back with my arms extended upwards.  
When I met my wife I asked her "Why exactly are you single?" (She was a fuckin star... master's student, NCAA athlete, slim/thick, charming...)  She said "I'm not sure. I think guys are scared off by my big black dick."  Ded. 
Funnily enough, a long time ago on an MMORPG, I want to say it was Legend of Mir (we're talking LONG time ago) I once created a female character to try this out and low and behold, I got loads of free items and offers of help because these guys thought I was female. Men can be such sad creatures 
"So what do you do for a living?"  "Oh, I'm a software dev."  *brings out whiteboard*  "YOU HAVE 10 MINUTES TO WRITE A PROGRAM TO CONCATENATE 5 INTEGERS TO MAKE THE SMALLEST AND LARGEST COMBINATIONS POSSIBLE, GO" 
Ask him if he's been pegged. Then peg him. Be his real man.  
It's great as a guy because it sets you up to treat them next time on a second date if things are going well. 
Except it's not a joke. That's literally all it boils down to. I wear makeup I get hit on I go out looking my natural self and no guy will look my way.  
When I was eleven a guy & some of his friends came up to me and said "look it's a walking blow job!" And started making sucking noises. I didn't even know what a blow job was. 
My girlfriend makes thoughtful remarks like that, even if someone was being evil. It is very endearing and It helped me become more empathic as well. I love that gal :) 
Rise up lights?  Am Australian, have been saying this out loud for a good minute, still don't get it, help? 
I had one guy follow me around the bar asking questions about my husband, but he'd purposely say "your boyfriend" as if that would somehow convince me my husband wasn't important or something.  
Yeah I have a semi permanent scowl due to almost constant low level pain. I don't consciously notice the pain much but I realize my brow is furrowed from it most of the time.  
That is what we did when I waited tables. We also had a code word when we needed to switch if the tables got handsy.  
Oh man that is awkward! I work at a small gas station, and all of my coworkers are older ladies who have my back, so luckily I don't really have to worry about that. What did you tell him? 
When I was in high school, a similar situation happened, but my response was "yeah, ok" I meant that as a *cough*-bull***-*cough*, and not as a yes. I found out she was serious about 2 weeks later, I freaked out, and she ran off crying. That was my first confirmed heartbreak. 
I'm sorry for you but that sounds damn hilarious.  
I wish I still had my gif collection so I could send back "I love you too, random citizen" 
I picked up my phone a few times to simulate the conversation "What is your address again? Oh Main Street? Sure! Be there in 5" or something like that because I noticed I was going in the same direction as a nervous looking woman.   I'm 6ft6 and have a beard and I've heard people say they think I'm physically intimidating. My ex called me a teddy grizzly; looks intimidating but couldn't hurt a fly.  
I'll keep on smiling in the street.  It's sometimes very rewarding when you notice the surprise in other people's eyes and when they just smile back.   
squatting to poop is really healthy. i only poop in the shower for this reason. plus you use no toilet paper. it's like a walk-in bidet.  
My buddy showed me this trick with online poker back in the day. Blew my fucking mind how many times people would let him win.  
metalheads shit on all other types of music, even other types of metal.  prog is boring, power is gay, black is pure noise, death is also pure noise, doom is as interesting as a white noise sleep machine, metalcore is for edgy teens, thrash is 'babby's first metal', NWOBHM is for old men, and nu metal never even enters the conversation.  even within genres people will hate a band for one reason or another. the popular ones are all sellouts and the new ones don't hold a candle to the classics (which are made by the popular ones). it's maddening. 
That could very easily go in the opposite direction. 
That's because you're not the kind of guy who thinks paying for her dinner = she owes you sex 
BUT YOU LOOK SO MUCH BETTER WITHOUT MAKEUP WAAAAAAAH 
The best relationships are where you both help each other grow and lift each other up. Even the ones that end, as long as they had growth, those are the best ones. Id much rather have a bunch of happy uplifting relationships than one that is just decent.  
The response I've seen to that is 'well when the goalie is a [insert number of years you've been together here] time champion it changes things. ' 
If this wasn't so awful, it would be hilarious. How can anyone be THAT dense?! 
I can't help but feel some poor bastard is reading this and realizing he does this. Man, what a shitty realization that must be. 
90% of guys interpret light foundation, neutral eyeshadow and lipstick, light mascara and liner, and a light contour as 'no makeup'. And actual no makeup to them is 'are you sick? what's wrong?' 
That's not even clever and is at the same level of "I have no control but my SO wouldn't like it". No. "There is no goalie. There is no goal. You are at an empty field, all alone, at night, it is raining and you've lost your shoes." 
Jesus Christ, I can't even get my head around that.  That's some serious... I don't know man, issues... 
Maybe he will stop doing it though, and that will be a positive for everyone. 
Man, I tell you what that smoothie dang ol glucose spike, man. 
My Uncle lives in Dingle, and I think this is the first time I've seen it mentioned outside my family. Lovely little place. 
This comment made me realize that, for some reason, it is easier to say berrydingle than dingleberry quickly.  
"Oh hey it's you! The guy with the dingleberries right?" 
Hangman was my first thought, too.  I'd probably just play it with my family though, I have elementary aged boys.  I'd be set for life very quickly. 
Hell, you could even sell your services for a fraction of any other photographer. People would be suspicious, but of course there'd be people out there that just want a cheap photographer for their wedding, so they give you a shot. With the millions you wind up making, you can get the absolute best equipment, take classes and courses to improve your techniques, and even hire professional photo editors.   Soon, you'll be one of the most wanted photographers around, and you'll just have that one quirk that people comment on (the dingleberry thing), but the end result is so good, that they just don't care. Eventually, you can have an impressive enough portfolio that even if people figure out why you have them say dingleberry (which I assume makes the money stop coming in), you could just raise your prices to reflect your new skill set. 
I can't believe I had to scroll to the bottom of this post to find the simplest and most logical answer.  
How are you going to work dingleberry into a convo?  
How about if you can't use the actual word you want them to say? 
-Acrudes massive amounts of money -Buys business -Eliminates source of income for the business and for how the massive amounts of money was made 
At least it's a better plan to scam money than faking cancer  YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Your other problem would be that you'd have millions but you'd have to hide it because you need him to call you dingleberry every so much time so you can't even quit.  
The thought of a Family Feud audience saying "dingleberry" just made me crack up in the break room.  
"It's the same guy. Sixth time this week. Look at his account too. Something's not right here." 
There's actually a YouTuber who calls his audience Dingleberries.  
I don't under and your second one. So you show them your hairy asshole with the word "dingleberry" on it, and the respond with "Oh, heavens! Dingleberry!?" 
I just tried it, it's a lot harder than you would think. 
I'd say that the chances of actually being able to spell that in Scrabble are incredibly low. But ok.  
I just realized this is what's going on. We've all been fools.  
Actually, this was my answer. I figured I'd just ask my least mature coworkers to wash my dogs, and I wouldn't do their sanitary shaves beforehand.  
This is where my main use of dingleberry comes from, also upvote for ass fluff.  
I think you'd have more luck playing subtle. They have to think you HATE that nickname, and you have to try and act like you're playing it cool, which should be easy since you make bank each time. 
I feel like you can offer way less and get the same results. 
Bonus: wear those shirts when you volunteer as a coach at a middle school.  12 year old boys will run around calling you "dingleberry" like it's the world's best joke 
Step 2: Post the word "Dingleberry" and send.   Step 3. Turn on the news.   Step 4: Profit. 
Spent a few days in Dingle last summer, it was one of my favorite places in Ireland. But everyone back home I've told about it has been unable to resist making a dingleberry joke. 
Just say "dingle" and then continue by saying "berrydingle berrydingle berrydingle..."  
"Well Chet, looks like you owe me $5000. Oh, and you're fired." 
And by pretending not to hear them when they call you 
A tshirt that says, "Don't call me dingleberry, asshole." 
The court case alone would net you enough for the rest of your life. 
Dingleberry, Dangleberry    You wiped your butt though you're unawarey    You left your cheeks a little shit cherry 
Even just taking a photo of one person is enough to get you decked out with high tech equipment and software. 
I live in DC and could make a killing at the Lincoln Memorial. 
Become a nightclub photographer. Young drunk people would totally say it. 
You mean dingleberries? You guys are talking about dingleberries, right? 
*so this dude was fucking my wife in the ass while i was filming and suddenly he stops with a weird expression on his face and says 'dude there is shit all over my dick'. So i tell him 'dont worry stud, thats just dingledarry'* 
"Hey, say dingleberry."  "Dingleberry. Why?"  "No reason. Thanks." 
Once you have enough money to buy Microsoft, you don't really need any more money.  
It's slightly illegible. People will ask you what a 'Danglebur' is.   "No it says dingleberry."  "Oh... ok." And then they leave. Also the tattoo artist never says it, just asks if you're sure that's what you want. 
EMILY ONLY FAKED CANCER ONCE EMILY ONLY FAKED CANCER ONCE yahOOOOOOOO 
With the amount of money you'd be making, you could probably pay someone twice your original wage to do your work for you from the broom closet. Bonus points if you get them to call you dingleberry, too. 
I like how this guy is just assuming I'm not Steve Harvey. 
If you were ever in this situation you would have to launder money like a criminal. No one would ever believe you and you have to hide your wealth because you could never explain to the IRS (or equivalent in other countries)   Not trying to be the "Well you are fun at parties guy", on the contrary I think it's an interesting issue you'd have to deal with in this scenario.  
more like when they report him to the police they will say "he had a tattoo that said dingleberry!" and the cops would say " Dingleberry!?!" and then they would say "yes, dingleberry" 
It's really nice. Me and my friends holiday to a town realitively close for the summer. We always go down camping for a night or 2 
Or just change your last name and join the military 
Only to find out they yell Drew Barrymore, Shingle Bear Heave, or Dingle Harry 
To be fair, you could also just introduce yourself as Dingleberry without legally changing your name. 
You could tell people you'd give them a dollar and most would do it, even if just to see if you're serious!  
How about "say dingleberry and I'll give you $100" 
Lawyers Hate Him!  One Man Profits from Losing Courtcases.   Click through the next 52 slides to find out how! 
OPs deal was for people typing not saying, he just changed it so he wouldn't break the rule of not being able to tell people. 
This guy is out here thinking about equipment, as if the first thing on your mind wouldn't be two chicks at the same time. 
That's what your portfolio is for. Then just start showing up in a fancy car and wearing nice clothes, and people will think you're semi-retired and doing this as a way to get out of the house and have fun. 
Isn't dingleberry a piece of poop stuck in ass hair?  
Correct. Also of note: it's very close to Beejaysville Road. Not even making this up. 
Or just tell them to say it for $10, walk around with $1000 in $10 bills for one day and then you are set for life.  
Say my name!  Dingleberry!   You're goddamn wrong.  
Which is pretty accurate, because most people only have real cancer once. 
You'd be targeted, and MTI's would make you a billionaire before you leave 
Immediate flaw in my plan. Presumably though, as long as they get it right at least once every 499,999 times, at $2/cup you'll still be up 
Yeah but if you're approaching strangers, I get the feeling most will just look at you like you're insane, with that name. 
Just tell a kid it's your name. You'll never be able to stop them. 
Yea I think if I had a million dollars I could probably swing that 
It would be a business, kinda. You'd be making a lot of money 
If you get through all of that in one day that's $99,999,000 you made in a day. That's gotta be some sort of record without selling some sort of valuable company or something. 
Actually, I think reoccurances are fairly popular. 
Breaking Bad is a little different than I remember  
What was that private Dingleberry!!!!! Do you think this is funny Mr. Dingleberry??!!!! You have a funny last name Mr. Dingleberry, kinda reminds me of your performance.  
dont presume, because then you make a pres out of u and me  
"Why the hell did you just call yourself dingleberry?"  "What do you mean?"  "You just said your name is dingleberry."  "Huh...."  Boom. $2 million. 
Hmmm... guess it's not worth doing once you throw in the cost of a stack of dollar store Flash cards 
That's a dingleberry though! If his shirt said "ask me what a dibgleberry is" he wouldn't get any money and just look weird 
Well, it's a lego language. You can take nearly any arbitrary collection of words, remove the spaces and make a new word. 
With a family with a history of cancer, true. Very true. 
HEY SERGEANT X! LOOK AT HOW TRAINEE DINGLEBERRY STANDS! HE LOOKS FUNNIER THAN HIS LAST NAME! 
They can. Don't know of any specific examples, but lottery winners and big windfalls put military jobs at risk. 
You can keep it going too,  "Dingle... Dinglewhat?"  "Dingleberry, your name?"  "My name isn't Dinglefairy..."  "DINGLEBERRY. DINGLE. BERRY."  Gotta be creative. You get like 5 million here and they get mildly annoyed. 
I honestly have the belief that for 1 million, I'll be somewhat set for life.   I'll still live within my means. I'll have a house paid for, reliable car, debt paid, etc.   If I worked part time or even "rent" out the basement, I'll personally live comfortably.   With 500,000, you can receive about 4,000 a month for 10 years. With investments, working part time, and rent... I will be personally comfortable.    
No I'm saying if you approach strangers and introduce yourself as dingleberry, they'll probably just stare at you. If you offer them money, they might think your request is weird, but their much more likely to do it. 
I'll proofread all shirt designs for $300,000 a pop. As we've seen here, it's a necessary service.  
It happens, rarely, but it does. While I was in the Marine Corps I heard this Cpl was getting discharged because his father passed away and left him his company and assets (allegedly $70M between business, cash, properties) 
FREEDOM MEANS NEVER HAVING TO SAY YOU'RE SORRY.   I probably wouldn't pay them anything, and just say it could lead a job someday. Like an internship. Nobody works harder than an intern  
Ah that makes sense. I looked it up and it also said that you would be able to pay people to do your work for you. 
Well, yeah, but Schmuckatelli *does* need the money. He has a dependapotamus at home. 
Got to make the most if it, we don't know if we'll make it back after a deployment and we need entertainment during down time.   Fuck it even at 29 and 7 years out I still make fart jokes and draw dicks on my school papers.  
So THATS how he became a billionaire. Interesting. 
That could be day two.  Buy the Winnipeg Jets (because they always sell out).  Tell the fans that you will give them a special edition jersey worth $100 (with the exchange we are now $75 US) but only if everyone participates in the chant that is flashing on the centre ice scoreboard before each period.  Plus $25,000 will be given out at random right after (motivation) but only if you are seen participating.  So that is $2,310,000,000,000 before costs.  How long is the season? 
You ever see that "how to spot a veteran" video by a combat veteran? Name one thing that's in everyone portashitter? Dicks and tits. The truth killed me. It's like everyone draws a different dick so it's kinda like a passport of who's been where 
Did you vanish after the cloth wrapped around you? 
That is when you look dumbfounded and shocked at the audience ala Steve Harvey. Wait for the laughs to die down and then ask if there is anyone in the audience you can call Katie. 
Even if not magic, that's still an impressive memory  
That's when you start screaming 'WHERE'D MY HAND GO JESUS CHRIST WHAT HAVE YOU DONE" 
I did this one time.  I was talking to a buddy at a party and there was a girl behind him.  I picked up a deck of cards and fanned them out and told him to pick a card with his mind.  I asked him if it was the ace of spades.  "Nope! Haha!" and he got up and walked away.    The girl behind him just looked astonished and asked me, "How did you do that?!"  I replied magic.  Thought it was funny she didn't catch on. 
And that's why they shouldn't let drunks participate... 
Was this in Tahoe with a magician named Alex Ramon?  Exact thing happened to me at that show.  
If you're defeated by a 9 year old, you are not a good magician. 
Something similar happened to my sister, but it was with a bouncy ball and they had *her* drop it. 
Similar story, hypnotist was hired to come to our school and brought up a group of 10 of the students onto the stage. All was going well except one of the kids began to pretend he was hypnotized and being 'forced' to taking off his own pants. Remember this is a school so The hypnotist got understandably pissed and told him to get off the stage. I swear fuckin high school kids sometimes 
If that was about 25 years ago, that was me as the kid.  I was really into making balloon animals and did what you said several times.  The best part was when they were having trouble making things without popping the balloons (usually because they over inflate) so I asked if they needed help.  They thought it would be funny to watch a kid struggle, but then I made what they were trying to do.  Usually they got pretty competitive and would ask me to make something difficult, which I did.    
"Why didn't you do it in your own purse?"  "Magic!" 
This sounds like a scene from Arrested Development with Tobias & Gob.   Tobias convinces Gob to see this new Magician in town after seeing an ad for "Tonight: Magic Mike" at some bar. The pair goes to the bar, get a table together. Tobias notes that there's pretty much only women there and Gob makes some comment about how it's pretty great.  They ask for volunteers and, of course, Gob volunteers to go up on stage. Seeing the two men seated together, the announcer doesn't ask any questions and Gob sits down, convinced that he's about to steal the show or steal a magic trick from someone only to end up getting a lap dance from a half dozen ripped, sweaty men.   Close up on Gob's face as he says "I've made a huge mistake."  
I wonder if there's legal standing on who would get charged for assault or whatever crime is committed while under hypnosis.  The person doing the act of the hypnotist? 
She probably didn't have any qualms about storing valuables in her bra. She may have easily had trouble with the idea of flashing a crowd. Flashing a crowd is not smoking or murdering, because smoking and murdering require paraphernalia and actions that are u usual throughout your life experience as a non-smoker and non-murderer. Changing clothes is common enough to get this to work. This is exactly the kind of thing hypnotism can do to a participant who ordinarily would not. 
Have to question your memory a bit on this one. The Linking Rings is classic of magic and does not use anything that could even remotely be mistaken for "clips" of any kind.   A standard set of Linking Rings consists of 8 rings: 2 single rings, a chain of 2 rings (permanently joined), a chain of 3 rings (also permanently joined) and a "key" ring which has a gap, or break in it. Fancy sets may also include a slightly oversized ring and a slightly undersized ring. There are also "locking" key rings that can let the magician open or close the gap, but no clips. Few decent magicians bother with locking keys as they're actually harder to handle.  The illusion is created by handling the rings in specific ways which let the magician initially conceal that certain rings are permanently linked and then swapping them in and out of play. Even knowing how this is done, I have seen performances that blow me away. 
say, "great.  Let's make it even more random by adding those two digits together..."  or you can say, "Deal down 11 cards... now turn over the next card." 
Your cousin doesn't sound like a very nice person... she deliberately damaged that man's property then had no regrets? Not friendly indeed... 
The trick is being well liked enough that your audience doesn't want to expose you.   I was on stage with Penn and Teller and they did an illusion where Another audience member and I tied up Teller and put him behind a curtain. He would make things that were out of his reach move and we had to check every so often to make sure he was still tied up.  At one point I was able to see that he wasn't really tied up anymore, but I still said "Yes, he is still tied up." because why would I want to spoil their show?  I also allowed Penn to tell his wife that their kids put the ice cream in the shopping cart, even though I saw him put it in there, cuz snitches get stitches. 
I made a plant cry once by implying his twin brother was the better showman, it was a petty thing to do but I was annoyed upon discovering that all the volunteers were plants when I ended up having to attend the same show a second time. 
"No, no, all I did was this"   *makes the card change*  "..."  *mother starts crying* 
Just don't volunteer to go up. If they try to pick you anyways shake your head out tell them no. 
Generally if you involve your audience you need to have multiple ways of having the trick go.  It's one thing to fuck up your trick by accidentally picking someone who knows it but breaking character just makes you look stupid.  I like to compliment them and go "Aha, we found someone who's very analytical. Would you mind being my assistant for this next trick?"  and then you're straight into the next one  
Play it off, usually. My stage persona is one of energy and flexibility, so it doesn't affect me too much. If it's a finale trick I'll go into the audience and get someone. 
I like people like you. You think faster than people like me.  
Poor guy that is a terrible way to get the news broken to you. 
Look at that high waisted man, he's got feminine hips! 
I actually retired it after that. It's all fun and games until you cause serious trauma. 
Special adhesive. Comes with the kit. Was like 30 bucks for the whole thing. 
You wouldn't have to get that specific to surprise someone with facts about their childhood room, as long as they were all accurate.  
I'd go see someone with the word Demon somewhere in their magic stage name. Hell, I'd go see an actual demon do evil tricks, magic fucking rules! 
It's very probable that her displeasure was because she was already thinking s/he might be a demon, and asked them to burn it in order to prove to herself that they weren't. 
I warned him. But I think I was the only female younger than 60. He didn't have much choice. 
If you have to force people to go through with your bullshit or embarrass themselves by outing you, you're not a good magician. 
I saw a magician with some drunk friends. My buddy was being an asshole, and when the magician asked him if his card was bigger or smaller than the one he picked, my buddy says "well, they're all the same size, so good luck with that one." Sure as shit, he pulled out a tiny card with the correct number on it.  
"You did it! The Weighted Bouncy Ball certainly brought you good luck. However, it cannot accompany you for the rest of the test and, unfortunately, must be euthanized." 
But this is the the way of Science. Sacrifice and disappointment. Only when you are dead they name an equation or a virus after you. It is best to learn this young.  
Agreed. I'd still think that guy's a dick if he did it to an adult, because that's not what "borrow" means dammit. 
Call them up right now and tell them you still haven't forgiven them. What a shitty thing to do to a 5 year old. 
Maybe the stooge had been hypnotised before by a rival hypnotist in some sort of rivalry between the two and the poor stooge was stuck in the middle to take the fall. 
Hypnotists can't actually force you to do anything you don't want to do, they just put you in a spot where your natural instinct is to play along with their act to avoid ruining the show. 
I tend to do that but not this time..I was more referring to the homeschooling part being irrelevant, though our knowledge of bones was important haha 
Exactly. If the correct body part was touched, the wand wouldn't bend because it would "know" it was correct. And the magic wand was supposed to be smart enough to "know" if the kid touched the wrong part and would therefore flop around. I guess the magician had a trigger button he would push to make the wand do that but didn't ever get the chance because my brother got them all correct. Sorry if I didn't explain it clearly! 
If I were a wizard this would be the only enchantment I used on anything. 
"Let me call my expert down here to look at it."  -2 hours later- "Yep its real. Best I can do is twenty bucks." 
He's not especially old.  56.  I don't know all the details of this story so I can't give exact numbers, but I believe she was in her 90's at the time this happened, and Mr. Cooke had had her when he was in his 60's, I think. 
Did you make the little tail poof? That's the best part. 
That's the joke. You're supposed not to have a handkerchief so he picks your shoe instead.  
Now look in your left front pocket--is that your vomit? It is!  *magic* 
Hahaha! "Not a complete dick" is precisely the standard I aim for in life.  
Because 9 year old kids are at the point where they are starting to critically analyise the world around them. They can see through the simpler tricks of a children's magicians, but they are not always old enough to create the suspension of disbelief. 
Plus Tobias would have made multiple comments by now that would lead people to believe they're a couple. 
You're probably correct.  I wonder if hypnotist comedians ever get in legal trouble for that sort of thing.  I saw another show on my college campus in front of at least 500 people where a kid was hypnotized and told that he was a firefighter and needed to put out a fire on the front row of people.  I think the gag was that he was *supposed* to grab some bottles of water that were on the stage and spray them at the front row, but instead he put his hands down his pants and started to take his pants off.  The hypnotist stopped him, but I'm pretty certain he was about to piss on people. 
For me it's entirely the other way around, I find magic shows quite annoying, but finding out how they perform the tricks is extremely entertaining to me. I used to love that show with the masked magician who'd reveal how tricks got made. 
I would bet $100 they have a plan/strategy for this.  If I had to guess, you'd end up being some sort of prop, and a 2nd volunteer would appear to take your place. 
Lol.. "if I just get this coin palm down, some day, a loud drunk lady is going aggressively offer me oral sex!" 
It's the difference between being Border and Angier. 
Green Day does (or used to) do that too with a "random" audience member that they'd bring up on stage to play guitar with the band. He'd be shown a few chords, mash them out and the band would start playing along. Was a cool thing to witness the first time, but the second time i saw them, it was the same dude with a massive green mohawk (made it easy to spot him) and used the same name that billie-joe made fun of, something like "Fucking Dan!! yeeeww!" and Billie would go "Hi Fucking Dan hehe" "If you suck we can all beat the shit out of you right hehe"  Still an awesome band to see live tho. 
Yeah, it does kinda ruin the immersion once you realize it's going on, but on the other hand I also kinda understand that they don't want assholes trying to screw with them and ruining the show for everyone else. 
what's the name of it? i might have to give it a listen. 
I'm going to guess that any magician that will work for whatever a school can afford might not be the highest caliber available. 
5 dollars he spent like an hour creating that joke   /s 
That's when my hand shoots back up, and I yell "Security!" 
Yeah that trick is still a bloody classic though. Gosh....the screams will be with me forever.  
Is this what season 13 of Supernatural is going to be? Crowley is laid so low that he performs magic tricks to get by? 
I also thought the same, but itd be pretty hard to fold a loonie too. 
Well i think its interesting he asked 'bigger or smaller " rather than higher or lower or greater or fewer. 
That's great! I've never quite understood how he did it.  I will say that day started a life-long love of magic. I am always just fascinated by magicians, and while I'm usually a pretty smart guy, I can never figure out how they did it. 
or that was the trick all along. "would it be impressive if this was your card?" "yea!" "wouldn't it be *more impressive* if it was half your card?" then everyone poops themselves because they had the 5 of spades originally 
"You dropped and shattered your Weighted Bouncy Ball faster than any other test subject. Congratulations." 
I think the trick would be better if he could somehow "reglue" all the pieces and produce the penny - obviously it wouldn't be the original, but to the kid, it'd probably look close enough to be the same.  
I love that you have this backstory where you have a hypnotist who's severely wronged you 
The closest I've ever come to believing that hypnotists have some sort of mind control power was when my university's orientation program featured one. He convinced some poor guy that his belt was a snake, and the guy freaked out trying to rip it off before punching himself in the balls and falling to the stage crying. He stayed down a good five minutes, and since his belt was half off his pants ended up falling a bit and baring half his ass to the audience. I thought there was no way the guy would have done that all by himself.   Then I met the guy later that semester and he was a total attention whore. He was definitely playing it up for the crowd.  
Yeah, lemme call a buddy of mine, he's gonna come down and look at it 
Oh I reread the post and it was *her father that went through all those event and not *your father lol I was like he lived to be at a theatre with Lincoln?? My bad my bad 
I made a poodle with three tail poofs.  The trick is to stretch the balloon differently on different sections, then be careful as you blow. 
Then what happens if someone happens to have a handkerchief? 
Look kids, with these shoes he can hold his breath forever. 
Male Bartender: "So did your wives drag your here?"  Tobias: "Oh no, We're here together!"  
Yes, hypnotists get in trouble. They have trouble getting performer's liability insurance.  
And that's how I started; As I went deeper, I found a deeper appreciation for the things that *weren't* just smoke and mirrors, like card tricks and things that require you to have manual dexterity, rather than choreography. There's skill in both, but one just seems much more of a skill.  There are some magic shows that I'm not a fan of, but I'm a fan of Penn and Teller, for instance. 
I knew it.  The whole world has been laughing at me this entire time. 
I'm sure most good magicians have a contingency plan, but I think that almost everyone rolls with it. Probably 99% don't notice and of the 1% that do notice about 99% will roll with it. 
I have a friend who also has been picked twice by the band. He said he had no interaction with them beforehand (and he also has a way of squirming his way to the front of every concert). Green Day was one of his favorites, so he already knew how to play the song they asked of him each time and they recognized him as someone they already picked once he started playing that second time. They were cool and gave him a guitar afterwards.  he does not sport a green mohawk, though. 
Have assistants gone by the wayside? It seems like with some reworking of the patter tricks needing plants could be done with an assistant instead. Leaving the tricks that can't be trolled for audience participation. 
No telling when he saw the original post, but he did respond an hour and forty minutes later. You may be on to something. 
Well, first off, Crowley doesn't need to do anything, there's still all of us in the veil, I think we can just take over magic tricks and move shit around. Sam and Dean will just be those magicians that go around explaining how tricks are done 
C'mon man, you don't ask a magician how he did it! 
I saw two different David Copperfield shows (on TV, not in person) a few months apart in different cities where the same (I think) 'volunteer' made the exact same joke. 
lol. it's a set up. he's probably not the only person who's made a comment like that.  
The wording was surely set up in such a way to solicit a "no".   But of course he had patter for a "yes".  I was thinking more like, "Wow, you're easily impressed. Have you never seen a magician's act before?". The audience gets a chuckle, the guy on stage gets a chuckle.  At which point, if he wants to repeat the question "so would you be impressed if this was your card?" he'd finally get the 'no' he was looking for.   
"Cave Johnson here, the Weighted Bouncy Ball you just smashed to pieces was infused with a triple dose of newborn pheromones and boy is it powerful stuff.  Rest assured you *did not* murder your baby, so you can stop hysterically crying.  For those of you psychopaths who remained dry eyed, we always need more volunteers to work the puppy tank, so Human Resources will be contacting you shortly." 
Better if he borrowed a penny and shattered one of his own. 
Pointing out that a guy name Brock was a bully and an asshole is a bit redundant, innit? 
Honestly, probably neither is better or worse. It might be easier for the person who lacks a predisposition toward avarice to be nice and kind, but it may also be easier for the person who might struggle with being selfish and hateful to be more understanding and relate with others who also struggle.  In the end, I would put more emphasis on actions rather than thought because even good people can have bad thoughts. 
Patron: Honey, is he doing a magic act?   Tobias: Yes he is!   Patron: So when does the real show start?   Tobias: Well, he's going to invite me up on stage, then we'll really get down to business.   Patron: You know you can't do that at this club?   Tobias: ~~Oh relax, we're just making a few balls disappear.~~ No partners? Well that's absurd, he'll never be able to make his balls vanish without me. 
Thanks for the input.  I've always wondered what a hypnotist's liability is ever since that kid almost pulled his dick out at my college to piss on the front row who he thought were "on fire."  That was *almost* a disaster. 
So how long have you worked for Green Day's PR department? 
Slams the computer shut, gets in the shower, and just stands there letting the scalding water flow over his body for an hour and a half. And then it hits him. 
That is correct.  I think the audience members were really random, but at least some of the mechanics of the trick were revealed to them on stage and they needed to play along for the trick to work. 
I felt i should mention it just to show how little it surprised me.  The shitty part is that his mom ended up marrying my uncle so now we are related.   
You can't just tell people that man it's a trade secret.  It's in the rules. Check the rules card in your pocket. 
I am not sure you got my implication of your father *being a magician that cheats time and lives forever as a 56 year old.* 
i always just assumed they used "remember me" and it just saves their username so they never have to type it again  
*Wakes up at 3 in the morning* "Damn, that would have been a good joke" 
Magician here. This is something we call an instant stooge. They don't know going into it that they're going to help out, and they may not know exactly how. So it's not a plant, and I'm not saying that's what they did here, but that's the gist of it.  
You should tell him he offered to blow people and when they said no he got all punchy  That's the new story  Gaslight that fucker 
Wakes up in a cold sweat 20 years later. His tiny apartment almost empty since his wife left him for another man.   "Is there someone in the audience I can call Katie?"  That would have showed them. He fumbles at the alarm clock and beer bottles crash to the floor.   3 AM. He has to be up in two hours for his shift at the mill.   
How often would you say this goes *horribly* wrong? I mean, a lot of people will go along with it... but a lot of people are also contrarian.   I know *I* would ruin the fun for everyone. Luckily, I don't volunteer for things. 
Let me preface this with the fact I've been practicing magic for a little over 10 years, and performing semi professionally (fancy word for twice a month) for the past 2 years. But:  Not often. It hasn't happened to me, though I perform at comedy clubs and only use this principle in one routine. Most magicians will always have outs just in case someone doesn't go along with it. After you've performed a bit, you get more confident and somehow just better at identifying spectators to come help you. It's like you can see their personality in the way they clap/laugh/react.  
I understand this however at the end of the day you need to think about yourself, you only have one life you don't want to destroy it. 
Jealous! I broke my ankle in Jan this year and once it healed I went on a hike for the first time in March/April I fell and cracked my ankle again about a mile away from my car about to go home. I can safely say I won't be enjoying any hikes soon :(  
Good on you! I really like that about myself too. My own personal motto is "do it *because* you're scared".  
I have an inability to stay mad at people for longer than like 24 hours.  Even if I want to be angry, usually once I wake up in the morning, I just can't be mad anymore. 
I am the exact same! I went to get my eyes tested last year with my fingers crossed I would get to buy some black think lenses geek glasses because I feel I really suit them  
And then it destroys your life but you're completely fine with it, until you aren't.  
I used to get thanked by parents when I worked at a bookstore, because I'd talk to the kid when he or she was looking for something to read instead of asking the parent what the kids wanted. Those were some of my proudest moments working there.  
Same. I can fall asleep anywhere, at any time. Thanks, Marine Corps. 
Congrats! Absolute well done I hope you are proud :) Anyone achieving their weight loss or health goals to me deserve a round of applause!  
Don't forget to be kind to yourself too. I hope you will have a nice day 
A ten inch cock would be detrimental in the bedroom. Larger than 6 inches starts to hit the cervix, which is very painful for the woman.  
Oh my god that is SO me, and I actually hate this. I always consider the bad in everything and treat it as a possibility and it just fucks my brain. Maybe I'm just an extreme case of what you've mentioned but like, assuming my family goes out to swim, I actually get so damn worried. Or if I meet someone new and am not sure he likes me for 100% certainty, I'll doubt every small decision I make and question the reasons behind every small thing he does.  In the end of the day, I feel very unique about this, it doesnt sound as good on paper but its just really fitting to my personality, it makes me feel unique.  Wow I'm going on full essay mode, I should stop. 
That is touching :) I'm so glad your happy and healthy! 
It sounds like such a cute personality trait too, I bet you love it.  
Seriously? Read "No More Mr. Nice Guy" by Robert Glover.  Like you said, where you are is both a positive and a negative. You come first, always. 
That's great! Do you raise Charolais or Brahma? I reckon if they're good sized you probably don't raise Jerseys or Dexters. I've heard some have really good luck bringing in a Brahma bull to cross with some of the English breed cattle to get really good calves, particularly in hotter climes. 
Do you think you re more disciplined than motivated? How do u gain that motivation? 
same!! I admire you so much for becoming a therapist; I wish I could, but I don't think I'd be able to separate other people's emotions from my own in a way that would keep me psychologically healthy. you rock :) 
Same. Everyone tells me everything because they know I have no one to tell their secrets to 
If I could capture one feeling, bottle it, and sell it for $10 a hit, it would be the feeling I get when I suddenly realize that I'm reading a /u/fuckswithducks comment. 
That's great :) At least your growing into a more confident person !  
Most likely she assumed you were trying to pick her up when she was vulnerable. 
This sounds like me, with that positive kind of fuck it. I like that also! 
Is this a case of being book smart but not real world smart? 
This is me as well. It's the fastest way to distract myself from a depressive mood, just by diving into a new subject that has long piqued my interest. I have a pretty long list of bookmarked articles and podcasts that I store up for just such occasions.  
Just by reading that I started feeling low about myself. 
T Total! Good on you! Not many people can say this!  
Stay safe! You only have one life don't cut it too short 
You feel inferior or you feel everyone is inferior to you? 
Yeah, much better to destroy everything else!   *Evil cackle* 
That's awful. Hiking is the best, although I'm having a hard time finding people who like doing my specific brand of hiking insanity 
Going to die anyways might as well do something before you do. Reminding myself I'll be dead and nobody will remember it is my go to for when I try to avoid things I'm insecure about. 
I get over being mad very easily but then the other emotions underneath stay for a while, such as sadness or disappointment. I'll remember that but since I'm no longer mad I'm unable to talk about what was bothering me. 
Lol, I actually get taken advantage of very easily because it takes me a few tries to learn from my mistakes since the feelings of suck don't stick... 
High-five, fellow person who doesn't remember shitty feelings well! 
How you suit them... lol. I like how it is you making the glasses look good and not the opposite. 
And that's when the bottle gets ya. Pretty soon you're sucking a forest of midget penis while dressed up like Dorothy, thinking to yourself between tiny spitroasts, "it was when we wacked that clown and stole his shoes, that it really all started to tailspin." 
Yeah idk what these people are talking about, this shit has kinda ruined my life so far 
I did that at walmart/carls jr unless the kid was really little and/or shy 
That's true. They often see things more clearly than adults. 
I shouldn't treat the kids how uncle benny *treated* me when I was a lad 
As a person who is a bit short on empathy, I can't say anything but this is completely true 
Thats a really touching story, I hope your divorce ended in the best possible way.  
I used to do this because I had a similar experience, but lately I've had to be more careful.  I've had several instances where I smiled at a gentleman and they've stopped me to talk and asked for my number. Then I had to make them feel bad by saying no. I'm already in a relationship and don't want to lead anyone on. :( In those instances I feel like I just ruined someone's day when I just wanted to make them smile. No one likes to be rejected... 
I'm so envious of people that can do this. I've got nice teeth, but my resting bitch face is so strong it extends into smiling. I look like I'm snarling. It's full on genetic, too, because my father is the angriest looking man alive.  I'm really friendly and I love when people smile at me, but I just don't have this card to play.   
My ex is in the Navy and he can literally fall asleep standing up. It amazes me. 
I couldn't fall asleep until 8am today... Those goddamn birds outside were tweeting all night long, and didn't stop until about 7. 
I can do that in almost any condition. On a train? Sleep. Lights on? Sleep. Noise? Sleep. It's great.  
Your level of positivity literally took this thread to the next level. 
Oh thank god, I didn't notice it wasn't "I'm currently 70lbs, down from 263" until I read this comment. 
cystic fibrosis... sixty five roses... country flowers - close enough! 
Most of this thread is so uplifting. Good post, OP! 
Thanks I really appreciate that! I do believe I am far past that state of mind and the date is on retreat forever more . :) 
33 is truly the age that people should be warned of.  
Honestly how is this shit not taught in school? I was guilty of not knowing this until about a year ago and it's so fucking easy to gain or lose weight when you know this. 
Well, this is a good point. Humans are creatures of habit, so use motivation to create habit, thereby discipline.  The key is to motivate yourself (or use your initial bout of motivation) to focus on making a change. Eventually, the change sticks. Your mindset changes, and becomes you.  So yeah, motivation isn't as important if whatever you're focused on is going to be long term, it's just important to get over the first hill. That's why people struggle when they first start trying to change something about themselves (learning new concepts, losing weight, establishing an exercise routine, etc). We struggle to get over the first hill, but once we do, the ride down is euphoric. 
Do what you can for who you are. I'm frequently delighted to have been born into my life and not have the same problems as some of my friends. 
Any random subject will do. Give summathat knowledgeeeee! I got into photography ages ago, but I'm broke and was also studying, so don't have cool gear or anything. About 2 years ago got into film photography, signed myself up for a workshop to learn how to develop my own film. Currently learning about photojournalism. I have a lot of anxiety about doing "well" in life, but when I learn something new I feel like I'm accomplishing something for a change. Feelsgoodbrah. 
haha. I always said it was the only thing my pubescent body did right. In gym class when everybody was getting changed the popular girls had to make sure that they were NEVER exposed because so many of them stuffed their bras. I actually had boobs. It was the only thing I had going for me that they didn't, and gosh darnit I was going to be proud.  
I am 14 and I have only been doing this for a few weeks. I still need to eat healthier. 
Not OP but also teetotal. I have an addictive personality so I didn't out of fear of drug addiction. Also I grew up in a small town with a lot of drug use and I grew to hate them.  
And when you beat him he'd say "Oof. I got a cramp." 
Go on what is your specific brand? It is! I used to hike once a week minimum and now I'm more scared than anything! I've had to switch my main cardio to swimming now. 
Right?? And then sometimes I'll forget specifically what made me feel this way so there's no way to try to address it. 
:/ that sucks I know what it feels like. Sometimes you have to stick up for yourself  
Figure out how many five year olds they could fight!  
That's actually a really cool way at looking at it. 
The lack of preconcieved notions helps make a conversation more interesting. 
Don't undersell yourself like that, buddy. The fact that you consider yourself to be short on empathy shows that you have thought about this and thus shows that you are, in fact, empathetic. Still, you might feel like you're not, and you might sometimes fail to empathize with other people, but that doesn't mean you can't *act* like you empathize. And acting with empathy is all takes to fix everything wrong with the world.       Have a nice day, friend. If it helps, from my own experience I've found that you can nurture your capacity for empathy, if merely doing good doesn't completely satisfy you.   Bye :D  
Well... we did have a certain chemistry, but never acted on it. She's married ... but not happily. So, there is hope yet. 
This came up quiet a lot in another askreddit question, about what women stopped doing to avoid leading men on. Maybe it's a few rare cases, but it would be a shame if that stopped people from smiling to each other. 
Well I am sure your friends are glad to have someone like you in their life! 
Not military but work and school and strict ass parents gave me that skill.   When we were younger my mom would wake us up at 6 A.M on the clock to do chores (clean everything) and would hit us with the dreaded chancla (sandal) if we weren't up and cleaning by 6:02.  I learned to wake up earlier, clean up, and go back to bed before she ever even woke up.   Work sometimes had me working from 2 pm to 2 am Friday and back at work 6 am Saturday. I used to just sit on a chair at work and set my alarm for 5:55. Of course, I always wake up before the fucking alarm.   School did the same shit. Wake up and read and then close my eyes and sleep and rinse and repeat the process.   I once fell asleep standing up in a Naked and Famous concert.  
This right here, it's a superpower.   Like OP I can fall asleep instantly, but conditions have to be just right. If there's even so much as a small repetitive noise, it becomes like Chinese water torture. It would be so great to be able to just fall asleep anywhere, under any conditions.  
That's not your fault. It's ok to be on a friendly basis with people who are just acquaintances. What I don't get is if they're straight-up telling you, "You're kind, but I still don't like you." What makes more sense is, "You're kind, but we have no common interests" or something like that, which is different from not liking the actual person.  
Thank you! Too much negativity in the world, we can be nice for a change!  
Somebody call 911, I just witnessed a fucking murder 
I just think to myself "Calories don't count on the weekend" and that keeps me going! 
A lot of people don't consider this. My dad is a construction worker and probably eats 3500 calories a day (most healthy food though), but he never gains weight just because he's basically working out 8 hours a day.  
I'm 5ft6 and I *literally* cannot see many people of my height either. 
The one thing you have to think about is to be consistent.  Just keep going no matter what snd you will se results. 
It's picking out a mountain on google maps and climbing it. No ropes or crazy vertical stuff, but 18 mile hikes with 5k feet of elevation aren't uncommon for me. Then get back home and maybe do it again the next day 
Fuck this whole chain describes me completely. It fucking sucks  
Go to her house and present her with a box of cookies with a few condoms and a thong hidden in there.  
I wish more women would give me a friendly smile. I don't really have any intention of hitting on them. Just a friendly acknowledgment of "I see you walking past me, have a nice day stranger" would really brighten my day. On the flip side, I fear smiling at random women would make them more defensive because I assume they might mistake it for an unsolicited hitting on which would defeat the whole purpose. Thank you, horny men, for taking this away from those of us who just want to share friendly exchanges. 
I suppose, yeah.  I only have a handful of friends for this very reason.  I have to be able to trust them not to blab either.  If they do, and when I do, it better be to someone they trust equally to not blab about me.  Like if something one friend tells me concerns me, I'll talk about it to a friend that doesn't know that person; a friend who has no connection to my other friend.   
i had the same strategy in school. Take notes off powerpoint, sleep for the 3-4 minutes the teacher would rattle on, rinse and repeat 
It is hella convenient I have to admit.   On the flip side though, my ability to sleep through anything is also terrible. I need 10 alarms to get up in the morning and sometimes *still* sleep through it. If someone broke into my house in the middle of the night I would likely have no idea even if they broke all the windows and busted down the door and stomped their feet. Fire alarms? What are those? Ever miss your stop on the bus/train because you were asleep? I have.   In the first season of the walking dead, Rick wakes up from a coma to find that the world has descended into anarchy and apocalypse. I would legitimately do that in real life. There could be an event on the scale of 9/11 and I would sleep through it.  
Let me think...   Well I was friends with this girl, Laura. Used to hang out a lot. Anyways, I ask her to hang out (I hadnt seen hrr in a few weeks) and she *blows up* on me. Says I'm too difficult to be friends with.  I ask why. She says that she always felt bad when she'd cancel plans, because I'd be like "Aw, that's okay!" And that would make her feel worse. Or when I'd ask her to go out for the day with me, that made her feel bad too, especially if I'd offer to spot her cash. Then she said she felt like an awful human being when I'd offer to just stay in and watch a movie, even though I would rather be out.  I kind of stopped talking to her after that because the friendship was exhausting. She mentioned to someone that I was really nice, but she didn't like me.  Idk, I have an awful habit of befriending shallow people. I'm working on it. 
It helps if you pace walk everywhere, run up the stairs and never take the elevator. I literally have to concentrate to walk at a normal pace, and I find walking up the stairs one step at a time extremely tedious. 
Through a friend, I met a kid who was the son of an All-Pro NFL Offensive Lineman. I didn't pry too much about his dad, because the kid was cool and we were shooting the shit around a bonfire, I wasn't trying to interrogate the guy about his dad.   I only asked him how his dad was doing after over a decade out of the league (his dad had some serious injury issues that ended his career early). The guy said that his dad was still in pain from his game days, but that physically he was still feeling better than he did when he was playing. When the player was training and in season, he'd eat like 6,500 calories a day to maintain his weight and muscle mass, and it made him *miserable.* His son described it as eating until you're stuffed and then eating another meal. It was a struggle to not drop weight.  
That happens - it's rare to hear English-speakers call themselves immigrants but we're here! Glad to hear I helped :) 
Vegas is far from Tokyo. I doubt I ever make it there. lol 
I need to do this, I would love to do crazy climbs with no ropes in crazy locations. I would need to learn though! I haven't ever climbed rocks. 
I'm surprised how quickly I recognized this quote after not reading it for so long. I should go back and re-read everything. 
Worth it. Just means you gotta be self-emplyed. And go to bed earlier. Still jealous. 
Lol some people can't handle kindness, I don't know what to tell you. If I were to blow someone off once and they were cool with it, I'd make a mental note that they're a good friend and not turn doing that to them into a habit. At the same time, doing it once wouldn't make me guilty if they were cool with it. People are weird.  
Just get regular blood tests once you're older. Just because you aren't gaining weight, doesn't mean that food isn't screwing with your blood pressure/cholesterol. 
With a lot of top tier athletes, that's why you see them blow up after they're done. They're used to eating everything in sight due to the demands of the job. Once the job is over, they have to retrain their mind and body to not eat as much. 
It's not too hard to learn, just find a rock climbing gym and start bouldering 
Yeah, I'm still quite young. I'd love a bit higher pressure though, I've got me mom's low blood pressure. 
I went to breakfast once with a friend of mine, who is probably one of the buffest guys I know -- he competes in something professionally (I think it's crossfit). Anyways, we were in a group, and everyone just ordered something off the menu. This guy, he asked the waiter if he could just have 10 fried eggs with a side of hashbrowns. 
This thread went from wholesome to dark real quick 
I feel this. I am always cold because it and I don't get as hot as fast as others. So I suffer in the cold but I can stay in a sauna for longer than usual without breaking a sweat. 
Everyone agrees because they define "critical thinker" as "someone whose views align with mine". 
Same. My initial reaction was that it sounds too much like #feelthebern  Then I realized it's much more of an issue that a campaign pushing for education uses a hashtag with completely nonexistent grammar.  It might as well be "#do a smart" 
yeah this is bullshit. shit makes it to /r/all just because of the potical subliminal messages 
If everyone thinks the same, then someone isn't thinking.   People will always continue to disagree with each other.    
Personally my math and physics classes in high school required a lot creativity and abstract thinking. I mean if you look at the average level of mathematics students are learning today compared to 50 years ago I'm sure you'd find an increasing level of abstraction.   
By teaching. Teachers have been fighting directly against "modern culture" for years, by dispelling myths and replacing them with facts.  It's met with resistance, but it's the only way. Otherwise everything just gradually slides backwards. 
No child left behind program didn't improve training it just lowered the bar. 
I apologize for the unsolicited advice here, but ToK caught my eye. I also wish that something like ToK could be accessible to all students.  Anyway, as someone who now works in higher education and also took IB courses in high school, I HIGHLY encourage you to still take your freshman level composition courses when you get to college, even if some form of tests or credit from IB/AP have allowed you to skip them (not sure how it might have changed since I've been in school). One of the biggest mistakes I see many intelligent students make is skipping freshman comp and not giving themselves more time to hone their writing and critical thinking skills at a college level. Take your time with any writing and critical thinking courses in college! I am a firm believer that we not only push high school kids to and through college at problematic rates, but that programs that allow you to skip college courses can sometimes do more harm than good for certain students.  
Who upvotes these pseudo anarcho bullshit rants? The most educated are not critical thinkers? What?  
That's a very loose interpretation of a system that encompasses many countries with millions of people working in them.   What business men? The curriculum in my province is made my educational professionals who don't benefit at all from stupid children.  In fact having met most of them they would be appalled by that idea. Many teachers try their hardest to make sure kids can think for themselves but you can't keep everyone at the same level in a bulk system.  
We definitely need more open minds. Philosophy can teach the intolerant that overwhelming existential dread binds all of us together. We all suffer from the human condition, regardless of where we come from, we all know we are going to die. 
Yeah. I've been teaching college level math for about 7 years. It is pretty common place for my colleagues to go on and on about "teaching critical thinking" and then have their students memorize a procedure so they can get the right answer without actually understanding anything.    This is exactly the opposite of critically thinking - It's sheepishly following instructions. I suspect high school is even worse judging from the level of understanding of a typical new college student.  
Ever since socratic method teaching was all about nurturing a critical thinking.  You must have a very peculiar interpretation of what "teaching" is. 
I don't completely agree with this view.  The bread-and-butter of a liberal arts degree or humanities degree are critical analysis papers.  You learn to formulate a thesis and construct a logical argument that backs up said thesis.  Coming up with a thesis, organizing it into paragraphs, and citing your work = critical thinking. 
They rearranged our standards in Oklahoma a few years ago but did not rearrange how students were tested. So after a full year of trying to teach kids to think critically the state gave them a 60 question multiple choice test and told us we were bad teachers because the students did poorly. They have since taken away the state test until they can figure out a better way. Hopefully ACT and work keys.  
I believe the premise of the design has merit.  i.e. It's how people naturally do math in their head.  The problem is with teachers marking students answers as incorrect when they use other methods of achieving the answer. We need teach critical thinking, not correct answers. As a future college professor, I plan to fundamentally teach my students to think rather than to simply obtain correct answers. Fortunately, we can do this in college, if we can only shift this towards grade school, we can change the world. Essentially, by teaching critical thinking, we can teach the same students at different levels at the same time.  
Doing simple math is more than memorization. It's knowing how to re-arrange your components to make it easy. 7+8=15, sure, but 5+5+2+3 is 15 too -- and 5+5 is easily recognizable as 10 and 2+3 is easily recognizable as 5. So you don't need to try and smash 7 and 8 together directly. You just need to understand the core concept that drives addition.  Granted, 7+8 is pretty easy on its own. This works much better with something like 61+38, but the base idea is the same. Memorizing 50 different small addition problems might get some people to develop these tricks on their own, but I think the original commenter's point is that if you teach them the underlying ideas, it makes it easier to develop an understanding faster. 
Me too.   It's not too late, though. When you learn new skills, it rewrites your synaptic connections/pathways, no matter how old you are! Kid brains just do it faster than adults' brains.   And most of it is available free online!  
MOST parents manage to teach their kids to not think critically.  "Why is the sky blue?" "Who cares".   Why does the sun change colors at sunset "I dont know its not important" 
Basically, but also how to receive information without accepting it, being able to research and analyze things as a normal behavior rather than as a special effort, etc. it's about more than just learning.  
I'm from the UK and they teach multiple points of view for History, even from a young age we are told about information and data from both sides and encourage to us the Internet, with appropriate sources, when we wrote our papers. 
Yep. Like checking if "news" is really propaganda. That requires investigation, not just vaguely "being smart". Research shows that high IQ does little to protect you against propaganda, but intellectual inoculation can work for people of high and low IQ, to make propaganda less effective.  
Good point. One way we can circumvent the issues of the education system is through popular media, and freely available self-education resources.  
So true. And every time someone faces a critical thought that threatens their view, they come up with some explanation for why it's not actually an issue. The thing is you can always come up with some explanation or find some fact to bat away critical thoughts, but people forget that it's not about finding a plausible explanation but deciding which explanation is most *probable* given the evidence! 
I'm not really okay with it.  I just think the improvements are going to come from new ideas and new methods.  I'm bothered by the fact that in fields like science and music we expect that advancement will come from innovation by brilliant, dedicated practitioners, while in education everybody thinks their own common sense ideas would rock the world if only people paid attention.  I mean, when we encounter somebody with no education in science who think they have achieved a major breakthrough in physics, if only the stupid physicists would listen, we assume they're a crank, but when it comes to education, thinking that way is *normal.* 
Until about age 7, then their friends are actually their greatest influence.  
Also culture,  Comments seem to suggest the American PoV (and considering the article is about educational reform since US education system is about to disemboweled).   American culture is very focused on the individual, while other cultures focus a lot of family/community. Both have their pros and cons, but American culture really, really, REALLY doesn't promote social welfare. 
I think the wealth inequality is more of a symptom than a cause, but I agree there is a feedback loop happening that is amplifying the problem. 
You need both, and in both most humans are lacking. I can walk and chew bubble gum at the same time; we can teach empathy and critical thinking at once. 
Considering American culture/attitude of "your work defines you," which is synonymous with "your salary defines you,"... that's ... yeah.  
Then how come the people with access to the most resources seem to have the least empathy? 
All I see are people using the circular argument that "if you had empathy, you'd think we need more empathy".   If you're rational, you realize that certain things are finite, and the ecosystem can only support so many people with a certain standard of living, and that we should curtail the population to that limit, otherwise we are all doomed.      But you don't get that if you go with empathy. 
But that's stupid. It's a hashtag, it's not intended to work with the usual rules of the English language. (If y'all are gonna bitch about the hashtag, bitch about the fact that it's blatantly unoriginal.) People are so obsessed with this idea of "proper" English as this ivory tower that they don't even look at the ideas communicated through things like hashtags.   Hashtags, just like popular expressions, or memes, have their own internal grammar. What's important is the message. Do you know what the language in question is trying to say? Has it communicated this clearly? Cool. Now stop clinging to the rules as if using "whom" makes you smarter. Sheesh.    
Plus there's the implication that Bernie Sanders represents the height of scientific literacy and rationality. In reality the only reason his campaign wasn't regarded as historically intellectually dishonest and science illiterate is because of Trump. 
Something worth saying is worth saying simply.   The middle-class lingo of academia is the single biggest problem with academia.  
That is probably true. I wonder if some of that has to do with the modern graphing calculator tho.  
Don't know about you but my teachers' opinions were almost exclusively driven by their local culture. The few who expressed dissenting opinions were shunned.   Facts are a little difficult to discern these days. The volume of information we have access to makes things very muddy without huge expenditures of time.  
"The most educated are the least likely to think critically. You can't teach critical thinking. Education is orthodoxy for the programmed and groupthink." - HA!  Yea, I definitely wonder who is up-voting this vague and unsupported statement.  
That's a really interesting comment! It was definitely not intentional and honestly we did not notice it until now. I really appreciate your thought and I think you make a really interesting argument! Will have to keep this in mind next time around. 
Hi!  Nope, not dead at all. In our attempt to keep everything entirely free we have basically been relying on grants to help us create content. Unfortunately, we have been failing at raising more resources (didn't get the last few grants) and so have had to slow down a bit. We are trying to figure out what we can do to generate more resources (but still keep everything entirely free). It seems particularly timely now that we keep working hard and getting this content out.   So hoping to keep this going and figure out what we can do on our end! In the interim, thanks for using our resources and the kind words.  Sincerely,  Gaurav 
well i am getting downvoted.  i'm guessing its because people think they had a great math teacher but they were taught algorithms...  missing the point but whatever.    To clarify, algorithms are fine if the end goal is just to be able to do a procedure.  Its worthless if you want to teach reasoning and critical thinking.  Source: i teach high school math 
It's a nice thought, but nurturing critical thinking is not really what is going on in reality. The student/teacher relationship is almost always "learn what I tell you to learn" and "answer this simple question that I have not allowed you to frame for yourself." And if the student steps out of line the consequence is failure.   I suspect you're the one with the idea of "teaching" that's a little off of what happens in reality.  
And the bread and butter of a STEM degree is nothing but critical analysis in every single capacity.  If you think that you can get through a chemistry or engineering degree without learning critical analysis, you're sorely mistaken. The whole point of the sciences is the abandonment of biases and the adoption of critically analyzing results. Where as in any LA degree, a bigger emphasis is placed on how one "feels" rather than the objective analysis of the whole situation. 
Interesting. Sounds like you're prone to believing political boogeymen, then. 
One of the problems is that I'm told to investigate stuff, but then the tests I'm given are all data points, so I'm not being evaluated on my investigation abilities, despite my teachers telling me that's the way to do well on the tests. 
I think it's worth noting that understanding a core concept is itself a memorisation task. The thing being memorised is a mental procedure rather than a simple association. 
I teach math. My students ask all the time "how do you remember all of this?" My answer is: I don't. I remember the pieces and rebuild it whenever I need it. 
I used to teach Math and currently work as and with Statisticians. I have generally noticed in both students and collogues that ones who were comprehensively taught basic math skills when they were younger (i.e. can do mental math fast and reliably) seem to have a better "feel" and "intuition" for numbers. Some examples include picking close to accurate cutoffs when categorizing data, selecting better values for parameters when running algorithms, having strong troubleshooting skills when something goes wrong, i.e. they have a better sense when numbers or calculations are right or wrong.  **Assumptions** The above applies to my experiences as a whole, individual cases can be different. This generalization is purely anecdotal as I have not conducted any formal research. I have tried to generalize based on learning mental math and controlling other factors. For ex: people who have the same experiences. 
Except its easy to notice kids who have stronger mental maths abilities(like instinctively knowing 12*7) tend to perform better than their peers in the future. Being overall better at assumptions and analysis of numbers helps a lot when studying maths at further levels. I personally think tables till 12 shouldn't be scrapped. 
This exactly. In elementary school I had great trouble adding columns of numbers in my head. Once someone taught me the building to tens system, I have have had no trouble with that skill. 
Are cognitive biases not a result of a emotionally driven conclusion? For (a probably lame) example, a young woman is bullied for being ugly by a group of girls from a certain ethnic background. The hurt makes her paranoid and insecure about her looks. As an adult she's grown into her looks and people tell her she's pretty but is still paranoid and insecure, avoiding women of that ethnic background even if they're mostly friendly of indifferent to her. Her cognitive bias is rooted in a traumatic experience giving her that irrational point of view. I guess a better example is people with benign phobias. I think too many people overlook how much emotions control our lives and the ways we think.  
It's not parents, so to speak, but rather our American culture, as a whole, that shuts down inquisitive thinking and wanting to learn.  There's also the underlying anti-intellectualism in most people and our culture.   
Decomposing the word, it literally means "what most people rationalize" which is a recipe for disaster on the internet. 
You don't even need to bring religious dogma into the equation if you have a well tuned propaganda machine steering society. 
I spent about six years obsessively researching Wall Street from about 2002 (Enron sparked my interest) until just after the crash (where it just got too real to know all this stuff suddenly).  It really was about understanding the systems and how they interacted...from the NYSE to the ratings bureaus to LIBOR and mark to market vs traditional accounting....  I have at least a Masters Degree in Wall Street History now and it was just because...I was curious as to how Enron made my electricity bill go up 400 percent overnight.  
Yeah, in America they teach that too. I don't what that dude it talking about with the whole Columbus was good and the Vietnam War. Any class I ever took from middle school through college did not portray Columbus in a positive way. 
There's no market for critical thought. It makes people more difficult to sell to and more difficult to govern.  The benefits to a nation are long-term and nations - including their education systems - are governed by people with short-term incentives. 
Here's my quote: "yet we still have a large portion of the population seemingly incapable of critical thinking"  I don't see where you're coming from exactly. I feel like if I were assuming what you think I'm assuming, I would have replaced the word "still" with "now." Judging previous' populations capability of critical thinking is beyond me 
Until about age ~~7~~ 25, then their friends are actually their greatest influence. FIFY 
This is very true aswell; one could make the case that this represents and almost circular framework of thought in regards to Americas current status. Would greater education lead to an overt rejection of individualistic dominance, or rather can an education system that fosters greater overt empathy even exist without a cultural shift towards empathy?   Honestly what you described is extremely accurate; America at its core is a country spawned out of individualism (specifically protestant individualism), whereas other similar young countries such as Canada earned their independence from the commonwealth during later world conflict through global joint strategy. It is a very interesting dichotomy.  
Empathy is build on understanding how people feel, it will always be easier to understand how people closer to us (not just geographically but sex, race, class, religion, nation, ...) feel. So it will always be harder to empathize with people further away from the spectrum then where we find ourself. 
It's not just you but I feel like this entire part of the thread missed the irony in using the hashtag after claiming we should have more critical  thinking lessons in classrooms. From what I can tell sound bites and hashtags appear to be the epitome of group think which encourages behavior opposite of critical thinking.  
Subjectivity to a detriment. The whole grain of salt they want us to take these "dead old white guys" with is so big it's eclipsing the actual message. It's critical thinking without allowing anything to be be critical of (except for the hegemony and capitalism blah blah). free speech doesn't apply to speech I disagree with, criticizing ideology doesn't apply to religions that aren't Christianity, etc. 
I have a degree in literature, but for the first 2 years I was chasing a biology degree. I understand what you mean.   I want to note however that all my science professors were doing their best to incorporate philosophy and art into their science. And all my literature professors would laugh at the dumb noobs who only could support their theses with "well that's just my belief" or "that's just how the work makes me feel."   Sometimes, lit and phil professors were more scrupulous about sourcing and objectivity than my science professors.  
I'm a teacher.  Grading is hard with our current system of letter grades and such. That's why teachers make their tests like that.  Also, companies like Pearson have an iron grip on school systems and state policy. Everything needs to be quantified for the idiots outside the classroom/school.   State tests also communicate that teachers are bad if they teach how to think because then students aren't prepared to regurgitate and fill in bubbles.   What we need is not a revolution in curriculum and standards (although that helps). We need a revolution in the learning environment and the number of adults involved in educating kids day to day.  We also need to rearrange how student achievement is measured.  
Glad I just just visualize numbers cause learning actual strategies seems fucking crazy.  
I'm the same or so I thought, but the truth isn't you're too lazy, you just aren't motivated.  When you find something that invokes emotion/feeling inside you you'll never lack the effort.    Reddit is a prime example for me, semi-ironic.  I can't say how many times I've done an hour of googling because I saw a TIL that had me going no way that's true. Or women...  
It's how most people will mentally do math from my experience (even the large majority of us who went to public schools pre-common core). It will vary slightly from person to person, but beyond simple addition and multiplication these 'tricks' are what allow most people to do slightly more complicated math in their heads. It's just stressed more nowadays than it used to be where you would figure out these things more on your own than in the classroom setting.  Examples:   * In my head I did 150+70-2+4 for the addition one.   * In my head I did 10*25+25 for the multiplication one. 
Memorization is not quite the right word. Yes, of course you must remember the concept -- but you must also integrate it into a larger set of ideas (mathematics as a whole). It is the integration that makes it make sense to you. You can memorize anything -- god knows they try and make you do that. That is rote repetition until you can recite it. However you can easily recite it and not understand it.  I know this is only a point of semantics, but it's an important difference. I think I understand what you were trying to say, I just have issues with the word memorization for it. 
This is the primary basis of common core math. People who do math in their head, rather than recall a math result from memory, are better at figuring out math problems as adults, and a wide range of related skills.   And tend to do math faster, because they have strongly developed the most efficient synaptic pathways for analyzing and solving mathematical problems.   7-14 yrs old seems to be extremely critical age range for learning basic skills in order to be better at tasks related to those skills for the rest of your life, so it makes sense.  
I think the circle jerk has shifted to arithmetic being the *only* important subject, which is simply untrue. 
You can argue about anything without having a strong opinion.  And Japanese teenagers are *much* less rebellious than you think.  And no, my opinion isn't just based on my classroom.  I've met tons of Japanese people and have gotten to know them.  They share many of the same qualities.  Ask a Japanese person what their opinion is on something, then they'll ask you what you think, then just agree with you.  No matter what.  I've had two girlfriends.  Dated many others, and have talked with several of my students outside of class.  It's the same.  Having strong opinions or thinking critically is not a desired trait in Japanese culture.  Following the norms is. 
The "If you're smart, you're a loser" mentality, encountered during middle school and high school, is especially detrimental to critical thinking. 
Of course I am!   I am the ultimate culmination of the modern proliferation of quotable commentation! 
Yeah the normal history classes at my school just went over material, there was little to no incentive on synthesis, discussion, critical thinking and deeper meaning of perspectives. Pretty dull actually. But it really depends on the teacher as well, because I had regular World History and my teacher in there was a very good teacher. 
It depends a lot on the area you are living in. I live in a relatively liberal area and Columbus was indeed not taught as good. My cousin from another state was taught a complete different view point on Columbus.  
Nah. Feel the learn is just lighthearted. It might be a little political, but it really is fine. 
Pearson also does psych and development tests. Beware the neurocracy. 
I'm out of high school right now. Life is definitely different. 
How do you test critical thinking with bubbles? I feel like it's just a larger cat-and-mouse game with memorization. 
It's much easier than you'd think, and for most people it's just extrapolation of what you are doing intuitively.  
My own two cents: what gets me going isn't motivation, but incentive. I used to think that to study better I just needed motivation. Kept telling myself variations of "You can do it!" or "This subject is understandable," and the like. Over time I got bored with the subject anyway because it was so difficult I felt little desire to learn it. Eventually I started asking, "What's in it for me?" and learned that I just cared about A's, so like it or not it's what 'motivated' me to study harder (not much, but better than not improving at all I guess). If students don't have an 'end plan' for the subjects they're learning, they won't bother. Do it for high grades, money, happiness, or the chance to get into a better uni/job opportunity/whatever; as long as it's an attractive goal they'll push through. 
I did it like pen and paper carrying, but in my head it's just "twelve twelve two = 222". I don't see how this is more burdensome. 
It is easy to make a broad claim like "our teachers suck." Yes, there are bad teachers out there,  and usually, they continue in their positions because of the difficulties of firing anyone. However, as other people have pointed out, putting students in front of a computer screen is not a good model.  One of the things we need to do is redefine the classroom from elementary school. We take young children, put them in a room, tell them to sit down, be still, and be quiet, and then expect them to learn. Even in more progressive classrooms where instructors are more engaging, it is still this basic model. Kids need to be out of the classroom. They need to be active. In middle school, they need to be sent out to a farm until the hormones level out.  
Fair point. Perhaps memorisation is not the best word, because it connotes ineffective techniques (rote repetition) for most people. Still, I think it's useful to approach understanding as a memory problem. Memory research certainly has a lot to say about *how* to effectively integrate concepts into larger sets of ideas, and how doing so affects performance. 
so what most schools are trying to do is teach ALL kids the ways that "good math" kids used to figure out on their own.  but this is debatable as far as effectiveness.  Do those methods work because "good" math students used them or did they work because they were good math students to begin with?  Will it work with less capable students?   There isn't any conclusive answers yet.  But it seems to not be any worse so why not try.  That said, some parents flipped out because that's not how they learned.   
Read a book on honne, tatemae, uchi, and soto, because this latest post of yours suggests you're erroneously applying a Western framework to your Japanese interactions. Especially the part where you suggest they don't have opinions because they just parrot back yours. 
I was at the zoo the other day and kids were just being ignored by their parents when they were asking their parents questions.  I started leaning over and telling kids the answer after the third one I heard be ignored.  May be because parent doesn't actually know why what an orangutan eats, etc, but just say that. Ignoring your kids is not  ok.  
Me too. I just couldn't convincingly pretend to accept that as an answer, and most of the time I didn't try.   Usually, I'd say something like, "but obviously there is a reason, where can I find it if you don't know it?" Which got interpreted by my otherwise fantastic parents as back talk.  
You do realize that the majority of Christians, even in America, don't believe that the earth is 6000 years old, or that the flood was more than an allegory, right? Science and religion are two separate entities, like science and philosophy. For example, I won't look to science to learn how to live a virtuous life, but I will look to religion and philosophy, as they have more to say on the topic. Even many ancient Christians understood that most of the early old testament is not to be taken literally, there are plenty of commentaries on it. Science can't define what the meaning of life is, it will say nothing  because it has no answer there, but religion and philosophy say lots of different things. Tl;Dr: Religion isn't the problem because it's fundamentally different than science, and most people understand that. 
I grew up in a very conservative area of Georgia and I was never taught Columbus was "good." 
How about something like #educationrevolution? It's grammatically correct, short, and gets the point across. 
Yeah, you have all that information, but it's still really fucking nice to not need to sift through your phone for every little thing you need to know. The tests for your knowledge are so that you don't just have the knowledge near you, but literally instantaneously accessible without needing to think about it. Until technology gets to the point where there's literally chips in our minds that can immediately tell us what we want to know, memory (and the pointless school tests that go along with it) will remain an incredibly valuable commodity. 
I teach math. I assure you, the methods being taught work because they are good methods, not because the "smart" kids do it that way. I know this because even the "dumb" kids are good at math the way we teach it. 
I don't have kids, and I'm not sure if you do.  I'm not saying ignoring your kids is OK or that you shouldn't do everything you can to teach them. Just remember that they are still children.  Small children will often repeat phrases and ask questions that they won't retain the answer to by choice.  A parent has to hear this all day long every day.  It is part of social development.  As they get older you should absolutely do the best you can to make sure they are educated.  
If two people can solve the same problem in the same amount of time, what advantage does memorizing every formula for a single test provide?  Should people memorize useful formula?  Yes, so ask the to write the formula, and why it's important, and what it's used for.  But requiring people to regurgitate stuff that they know they'll likely never use again is teaching people how to FORGET things, and that those things aren't important. 
I worked with kids for years and they are little shits...however, this was at the zoo.  I was stuck in line with these families for a bit and they were being respectful. I think that's what got in my craw so I answered the kids questions.  It's not ok to ignore your kids at the zoo when they're asking respectful questions.  How's that for compromise?  
You were right to do what you did in that scenario.  I didn't mean to address you directly with that.  It was more an observation that it is hard to be a parent and as a person who does not have kids myself I have to keep in mind that most really do the best that they can. 
They put him on trial for corrupting the youth (but really he was just a pain in the ass, and the sophists wanted to do something about him). At trial he was found guilty.  Funny thing is, the defense and the prosecution were allowed to ask for different punishments. The prosecution asked for death (but really all they wanted was exile, getting him out of their hair). Socrates, thinking exile was kinda bullshit, asked for a free lunch from the court for wasting his time. I'm totally serious here. Of course they told him no, and they had to go with the death sentence. 
I always wondered about the timeline of these men.   Thanks.  
Wrong. Tons of smart and educated people out there more evil than snakes.  
Beyond what we can gather form others who w rote about him. 
Isn't one of apology's English definitions defense though...? 
In the trial Socrates set his counterpunishment (as opposed to death) as being fed free food where the Olympic champions feast then added on although he had just a few silver his friends could pay a fine for him.   Pretty sure Socrates was fed up with Athens/Life and was ready to die at this point. He pretty much just didn't need to be a dick for a few hours and he souls his lived. 
Plato wouldn't have been aware of future changes in the calendar used in Europe, so it's not as if he could make a note of an adjustment. 
He was found guilty by a slim margin, once he insulted them with suggesting his punishment should be 3 meals a day almost all voted for the death penalty. There were those that voted yes is he innocent, but then voted for death because they felt offended. Proving the pointlessness of logic in democracy that after no new argument the people who committed to him being innocent thought he should die.  
That's Plato describing the trial. In "Crito" someone goes to save Socrates from the execution and there Socrates lays out *why* he actually deserves the punishment (as opposed to his defense in "Apology"). They are both very interesting reads. (btw Crito is fictional as well - Plato was not there - if it ever even happened, but it still doesn't diminish the literary value) 
Always remember, it's a spa! Socrates, Plato, Aristotle. Then Alexander. 
On the other hand, he was kind of an asshole who abandoned his family because he was stubborn.  
I mean sort of. At this point it's more or less archaic, apart from its use in "apologist". 
The notions about execution in Athens are fairly settled, and classics as a whole has pretty much accepted the indeterminacy or undecidablity of the Socratic problem. I don't think what I've suggested here is very radical by the standards of the discipline, though I know some philosophers tend to take a different tack.  
Plato called him that, back then the bickering and sophistry could be heard in all halls and corners, this would drive anyone mad. Diogenes was my favorite. 
Right, but I'm assuming we could work backwards, us being aware of the Greco calendar, and then adjusting in that way.  
He was also sort of being blamed for "supporting" the tyrants during the reign of the 30 Tyrants after Pelopolesian War (which was false, but his accusers didn't care about the facts too much).  And he did choose hemlock over exile, so there's that. 
Philosophers argue malas fide, not like us sophists. 
Yeah, a lot of his stuff came from his students who wrote *of* his dialogues but nothing directly from Socrates himself. 
Thanks for this counter argument. So far all I read was "they were overreacting", and maybe they were, but he seems antagonistic as fuck 
Ideology always wins out over knowledge.  I wonder if it's more important to *oppose ideology* than it is *promote education*.  In other words, it would be more effective to tell people when they're not really thinking rather than telling them what to think.  Especially now that every fucking thing is seen as propaganda.   
Yep, and those virtuous people, like those who voted nay on Socrates, are lost to history--permanently dead--and here we are talking about Socrates, as we will centuries from now about MLK. 
Crito does not explain why Socrates thinks he's guilty, to be clear, only that Socrates thinks he is obligated to obey the state 
Simultaneously one of the most important philosophers to have ever lived. 
Not trying to be contrary, but as a layman with a limited understanding of history and philosophy I was under the impression that Diogenes' whole shtick was a commentary on all of recorded history and our tenancy to need a ruler be burdened by possessions etc. ? 
I disagree on the basis that different opinions will still cause high conflict.  
Are the dates usually selected *arbitrarily*... or are they usually just inaccurate? 
I always love the fact I  Xenophon's account he say Socrates proclaims in his campaigning youth he fought against Sparta and personally slew a Spartiaite. Not just a non citizen Spartan soldier like a Periokoi or Helot, a full on Spartiaite. At one point a stone cutter's son at 19 or 20 faught against a Spartan in melee range and killed him,  then fifty years later changed western thought forever.  
So P. Pullman did not invent the Daemon concept in *His Dark Materials* :o 
Interesting position. Is there any story I can read where, say, hypothetically, a famous philosopher of some sort questions the accusations, and explains why they're shaky? 
Aristophanes wrote The Clouds, which portrayed Socrates in a bad light- which was also used against him by Meletus during the trial. 
he absolutely was   in his trial he didnt make any case for himself not being guilty and instead decided to mock the prosecutor, then coming up with a joke sentence for himself sfter being found guilty. he wasnt exactly wise in how he acted (also because accounts label him as being gross and unkempt and just an overall fuckin weirdo) 
Diogenes doesn't fit into the direct line of teacher/pupil relationships from Socrates to Alexander that Bocaj1000 was mentioning at first. You are very much correct in your interpretation of his philosophy, but that doesn't mean that it's contrary to what I was saying (especially as I was just making a play on words with the first sentence). He held "extreme" views on society and wealth, and  the austere way in which he actually practiced his philosophy (a mix of cynicism, asceticism, and cosmopolitanism) made him an outcast. 
Perfect knowledge implies no opinions, just facts. 
Hemlock was used during Roman Times and referred to as the Greek way.Discovering an LD50 poison tincture  that can be easily ingested isn't exactly easy in the classical world before chemistry.  
Emperor constantine, the first christian emperor celebrated it at that time of year. It was during his reign that christianity became the dominant religion in the roman empire.   His choice of december 25th might be a way to integrate christianity and existing traditions, namely saturnalia, which was celebrated at the same time of year, and involved going to temple, a huge feast, and gift giving. 
One way to imagine Socrates as a fictional character is to think of him as kind of a meme of Greek society at that time.  When you think of him this way the discrepancies between platos Socrates and Aristophanes Socrates make a lot more sense.   
The best subs delete those long joke chains that clutter the top 2/3 of any given page, for example. 
That's always seemed a very weak reasoning to me; that our rights are "given" to us by the will of the group... My rights come from my very existence as a living being, my right to free speech comes from the tongue in my mouth and the air in my lungs 
I'm pretty sure he died because he drank the cup of hemlock. 
Using the same logic that I approach life with- I have no reason to fear death as nobody has ever proved to me that it's a bad thing, and nobody CAN know that it's a bad thing 
Paul Feyeraband's Three Dialogues on Knowledge is what you're looking for.  A sort of comical modern version of a Plato dialogue. I think one of the framing devices is someone accidentally walking into the senior level epistemology university lecture.  Very fun read and good for undergrads. 
My philosophy text does not call him a fuckin weirdo in the 300 pages about him... 
Preferences and tastes are opinions, and I don't think that "perfect knowledge" would homogenize those. 
Wow, eugenics upvoted on /r/philosophy. Don't know what I expected. 
This has nothing to do with the claim that we don't know whether or not Socrates was a real, historical figure, which he demonstrably was. 
While our "natural" rights, which may (or may not, depending on who you ask) include free speech, aren't given by a particular group for moral arguments, our "rights" that are actually protected usually are.  Your "right" to free speech in most countries entitles you only protection from the government. You can't assert your "right" to free speech over private bodies. That "right" comes from government insofar the government recognizes it.  As well, even for moral arguments, other people have a freedom of speech as well. Reddit can't be forced to provide a platform for your speech.  You could still argue a free argument would provide best results, discussions and user experience so it should be allowed by the moderators but use "rights" alone to justify an argument is a bit weak. 
One time I made tea out of needles from some pine trees in my backyard. When I showed my Mom she said those are Hemlock, not pine trees, and I freaked out because I didn't want to go like Socrates. Then after some googling we learned that Hemlock plants and Hemlock trees are two different things. 
Wasn't he offered exile in place of execution but he turned it down to make a point? One of my college professors told me this but he could have been full of shit 
Yeah but more than that Plato and people of his ilk looked down on them because they didn't care about making reasoned, logical arguments but instead focused on semantics and rhetoric to win an argument. They were seen as a kind of philosophical charlatan. 
I would apply it to most well known people of ancient times.   
No because perfect knowledge would be awareness of which you should support based on empirical fact.  You think this concept isbsomething entirely different from what it is.  Obviously its not something practically achievable. 
I'd venture that with perfect knowledge we could manage our emotions in accordance with fact and still avoid conflict, realizing that was in our best interest.  If I've eaten the donut, you might be upset, but the fact is the donut is gone. You could choose to act solely on emotion, and be angry with me for eating it and retaliate, or acknowledge the fact, state your concern (manage emotion) and we can come to a resolution.  Your emotion is a fact (for you), as well as the physical impetus for your emotions, so both could conceivably be mediated via perfect knowledge. 
Probably a reference to Plato's *Republic*, which does get kind of eugenics-y. 
Yes, Socrates was a real, historical figure. But the Socrates that everyone talks about, Aristophanes Socrates, might have not been. Imagine if I wrote about Hitler, but wrote stories about the fact that he was just a lowly art student who didn't do much with his life. Did I write about a real, historical figure? Or not? How much can you change about a person's life before you're not longer just making little tweaks, but writing about a completely different person? 
There are many wise laws that supercede your right to do whatever you might like to best survive and reproduce. For example killing your neighbors and taking what you need from them or raping whatever person you feel like reproducing with, just for example. 
Similar story - one time when I was in a battle royale my partner picked some berries to eat, but they got stolen and eaten and killed the person who stole them! They turned out to be nightlock (a berry just as poisonous as hemlock).  Lucky that kid stole the berries otherwise my friend would have been toast.  Your story reminded me of that, for some reason. 
Yes thats the case. The thing with exile at Ancient Greece was that, if you get exiled from your own town you will probably wont be accepted at another one or wont have rights even if you were accepted. Let alone being able to teach...  Also considering that he was old, I dont think it was a hard choice to do for him. 
I just finished replying below, but basically yes, they sold gimmicks and didn't care much about actually teaching reasoning skills. 
Indeed, they were seen as "in it for the money" and not for the spreading of knowledge, and as such were viewed lowly by "actual" philosophers of the time.   IIRC they were criticized for selling gimmicks of thought (for example, using riddles that the common man might have never heard, in order to appear smart),  rather than teaching actual reasoning and critical thinking skills. 
Hey I remember you! You were on a big TV. Tell me how's your sister been these days? 
Or he could've tried to escape when Crito told him to.  
It is discussed at length by Plato. Essentially Socrates felt obligated to the rule of the state as it was that state that enabled and created him in the first place. 
It wasn't even that Socrates suggested a small fine. He said that he deserved to be treated as a victorious Olympian, and admitted he was poor and could only pay a small fine, but then he pointed out his friends were willing and able to pay a much larger fine. He basically shit on the verdict, and suggested a punishment  that wouldn't mean anything to him. 
According to Plato. You don't see any cynics or Aristotle bitching about Sophists. much later Seneca who would have had access to Sophist writings said they were a better guide to philosophy and ethics than of all the Greeks. of course he did tutor Nero in philosophy and that turned out wonderfully.  
Yeah it's actually illuminating to learn that what we're dealing with in modern times is really nothing new 
The concept exists. We are discussing it. It's taught in virtually every philosophy 101 class. As I said it's unattainable. However, because of that striving to truly understand the world around us does not preclude debate, but encourages it. It is when we believe we already have "perfect knowledge" or even worse mistake our feelings for knowledge that debate becomes impossible. Anyways, seeing as we are in /r/philosophy just thought I would point out that from a prominent philosophical point of view that there is a "Form" of perfect knowledge that no human knowledge will ever approach. 
My sister is.....ugh. It's been a rough few years. I don't wanna talk about it.  
No way, man.  Plato wrote a whole fucking book about this, and if that masterful execution of the Socratic method didn't convince you that staying was the just thing to do than you didn't read the same book I did. 
That's sort of just the veneer of the premise.  By running he would have made his whole point moot.  It would betray everything he had worked for.  By running, he would have been admitting to Athens and himself that he didn't believe that what he had been doing was just, it would have been admitting his own guilt.  He, as a just man, would have nothing to fear by going up against the City, because he was still doing what was just.  And even if the city unjustly found him guilty, or if everyone abandoned him, it wouldn't matter, because one must only concern themselves with what is just, not with the opinions of unjust people. 
I find my willingness to study philosophy for so long was fueled by immaturity and lack of care about future consequences. It is costing me much right now. 
I am a math professor. Can someone tell me what "smarter in math" means? 
I really hope the article wasn't written by philosophers who are actually bragging about their logic reasoning skills. 
Yeah philosophical arguments require learning formal logic, which itself is math.  And once you learn that, learning pretty much anything else, especially math becomes much easier. 
This is partially because of logic in both subjects, isn't it? 
I think children could be especially receptive to a Socrates. Pretty sure authority figures in education would want to clamp down on that shit in a hurry if the kids started learning too much from him, though. 
Negative examples can be helpful too. Or perhaps taking for positive example, the sparknotes for those particularly dense texts. ;) 
I think it's funny that they had to give critical thinking merit, by connecting it with math and English. As though any of them need the other two, in order to be a functional life tool... 
Check out 3 minute philosophy on youtube. It's a great primer on some of the basic ideas 
If by most you mean "a very, very small percentage", then sure.  
It's not about sitting in rows, filling out important forms, to sit in better rows and fill out more important forms-   It's about giving children the gift of critically thinking through multiple perspectives, As it can apply in life.- and it definitely can.  Do you think Trump would be president if children were introduced to philosophical concepts by age 10, about 50 years back?  Not that I'm frothy about it- but it's pretty obvious that people today have no grasp of philosophy. 
Really? Back it up with some links. Especially concerning Baseball and Magic improving english writing skills. Expanding your vocab by a few token words doesn't count. 
Logically, it makes sense though. Learning an instrument, programming, doing math.. doing anything cerebral and mentally challenging will "make you smarter" in the long run, no? 
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems like you're saying that you're willing to ignore the lack of evidence in an article so long as it conforms to your pre-established beliefs.  
I suppose the best way to see the general consensus for a post on a subreddit is to give it a few hours, that way a good chunk of the users will be able to see it, and thus give an idea of what plenty in that community think.  Thank you for the compliments and for having restored faith in the subreddit! 
Thank you! Admittedly, I only recently have taken an interest in philosophy - by sheer chance, no less, thanks to YouTube - however, I'm extremely glad I did, as this field of study appeals to me greatly.   I do agree, it should - at least, on a somewhat more simplified level, as I doubt younger children will understand complicated philosophical concepts - be taught to children of all ages, or at the very least children in the early aspects of grade school. 
This is interesting! I also heard Brazil had classes that directly taught philosophy. This makes me pretty jealous of other countries, haha. 
Perhaps they should teach it at a younger age then, to spike the interest from young. Even then, while it may not automatically make everyone who takes the class someone who is a great critical thinker, I would wager that it does provide a decent amount of benefit. I just wonder if there is any data regarding this subject. 
Thank you! Seeing as how popular my comment got, I'm glad to see so many folk agree with checking sources, no matter to what narrative they may appeal.  (I agree, this article works as a story, but isn't the best constructed in terms of providing facts.) 
To some extent, I agree. However, by that point, many students likely wouldn't take an interest in it, due to schools killing any drive for learning they may have had. Thus, I feel that education should be reformed in a way that doesn't push test scores and pure memorization, but rather learning and applying skills learned in all of these classes in the real world. Furthermore, philosophy should be added in an extension to this critical thinking being taught, to potentially guide students on how to properly think. 
Well, if the information that was discovered is valid, then it provides a valid argument for philosophy being taught in schools. However, since there are potential issues with the project report, it may just turn out to be nothing more than a hopeful wish. 
It's not at all, that's a very good question!  I'd say you have it spot on in that critical thinking is a starting point for philosophy. In my opinion, it's one of the most important things you can learn from philosophy, alongside logic and new ways to think. I do agree that the title itself would likely work well with critical thinking instead of philosophy, however, and that science may have effects.  Yeah, while a step in the right direction, it's unfortunately not significant enough to use as proof as for why philosophy should be taught in schools. Hopefully it inspires more studies, however! 
That's interesting! I've noted other individuals saying that in Brazil and Germany they had philosophy as courses as well, and seeing the differences in the way it's taught between the three is becoming rather interesting. It leaves me wondering which method of them all is the most effective.  (For context: The user in Brazil just said they had a regular philosophy class, whilst the user in Germany said they had philosophy and psychology mixed together in high school with their religion/ethics class.) 
That is a fair point. Though perhaps they taught genuine philosophical ideas and concepts, but didn't go too in depth given the age levels. I cannot say for myself, as I'm replying to these comments before reading the project report. 
That's very interesting. I'd enjoy to see some more data on the subject of how philosophy may benefit those it is taught to. I should do a bit of research into colleges and what they report on this!  Also, I'm glad to hear that in spite of the score you've received, you were able to get the occupation you desired! 
I had zero philosophy courses in highschool. Zero in middle school. One in college. All in OR.  Most of my rigorous world-interpretive approaches take place through the analogical lens of Oxy-Acetylene welding. 
Same, I wasn't able to really see its use until university, but it's been a massive help. Though to be fair it also helped quite a bit with my history and peace and conflict IA's.  
I disagree with this idea. I know people who think philosophy is useless, but that the discipline is useless. Of course they don't think that logical reasoning and methods of inquiry are useless (unsurprisingly, one of the people who holds the view that phil. is useless is studying physics), but that asking questions and thought experiments with very few definite answers is useless.  Ironically I think you've made a false dichotomy without any justification, and *you're* the one advocating for philosophy.  
There is some genuine overlap between computer science and philosophy in the area of intuitionistic modal logics, but that's not even taught in undergraduate computer science, let alone high school.  As a side note, I'd be interested to know to what extent these are taught in philosophy. My undergraduate CS touched upon intuitionistic logic for types, and introduced a rather specialized classical modal logic in concurrency, but never put the two together. 
Thank you! I think the intervention is a great idea and I am interested in the results of a proper study.  
In my philosophy class, all the work was subjective. It was all reading and essays, the essays basically asked us to respond to philosophical questions, once you started writing, all your existential childhood dreads that you didn't even know you had come out on the paper.  
I'd even argue that you have better chance at making kids get interested in philosophy than at making adults do the same. Not just philosophy. As kids grow up and become more aware of the way our society ticks and what things are declared "useless", their curiosity get down and they become like "I don't have to know much math, philosophy, politics, history etc. Whatever is required for my future jobs is the only thing I need to know, and how to get me a gf/bf etc. Life's too short." Maybe a bit sad, but I can live with that, but what makes me truly sad is this: when some of these kids grow up and become a education minister or something then declare war on "useless" majors. Must kill public use of reason. 
How does one even go about teaching an 8 year old about philosophy? I'm geniunely curious. 
I felt the same way at first, but now I feel like there's no system at all, no one made our society, it's just how we all evolved to live. There may be corrupt people or corrupt groups, but the society as a whole is just what humans came to be. 
A book by Susan Blackmore called Consciousness: An Introduction.  In my opinion this is the next best thing to taking a philosophy class. It merges philosophy with neuroscience and connects them to the problems of our modern world.   In addition, the works of Plato, Socrates, Aristotle and Machiavelli are considered to be the foundation of philosophy.  
In the end I agree, just the typical IB student complaining hehe  
It does not seem like they were saying that to me. Rather, I believe they were trying to say that, in spite of this article being potentially untrue, they still hold their beliefs that philosophy and critical thinking could be valuable to teach in schools. 
When I was in school, teachers (who are seldom the brightest of their fields) had little interest. Now that was in Germany, but in the philosophy lessons I had you could not even discuss Peter Singer. He was simply brushed aside with a few Nazi comparisons and the slippery slope argument :| While in theory I have nothing against philosophy and ethics in schools, in practice they become pointless, boring chit-chat subjects with very little intellectual rigor, often worse than religious education lessons they are meant to replace. 
Agreed. People should not expect every upvote to include a full read-through of a link wth an investigation of its sources. Upvotes are more like a filter for what is interesting. I *do* expect the comments section to contain a good discussion about the post, including a vetting its sources. I feel like any subreddit ought to be judged by its comments section, and r/philosophy usually does quite well there. 
Yeah maybe, I was on Modzilla...good you got it anyway. 
Well I do not think so. For example in politics and so on you have still the majority that do not follow so much logic. It is true though that for those few that are interested it is very useful.  
Here here! As someone that just graduated, I agree. They teach us a shit ton of material, but they don't have the applied part down. Sadly, at the high school level, it seems like nearly all the education isn't meant for bettering you/your intelligence, but rather is meant to prepare for college gen ed courses. 
In Sweden we have all of these classes. Although ethics goes under the religion course. 
You think you're being snarky, but this might make you one of the more qualified philosophers on the planet.  Read "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance" if you want to get some heavy philosophy from a smart tradesman.    
Sorta depends on which small town out there. In LI, depending where you are, can be quite affluent and that will often change the local school district. 
This makes me sad. I logically know teaching isn't a respected profession but you don't need to be so blunt about it 
So you're saying it's not likely to be a priority in all american schools for the foreseeable future?  That's a far cry from "it will never happen." Plenty of schools can offer it as an elective, and it could then build up from there. 
As am I. Philosophy has great potential for education, however, I do not believe there is much study as for how it's applied, which is a shame.  I suppose either some among us will have to conduct a reliable study, or we'll have to wait for others to come along to do a reputable one. 
I suggest you read the book Outliers by Malcolm gladwell. As it turns out, life *is* partially luck. Sure you can be above average without luck, but the truly successful ones were extremely lucky. There's a lot of people who were/are smart enough to create the internet or Microsoft at the time of its inception. However, Bill Gates had the luck and fortune to be able to have the opportunity to make it. He had the ability to go to computer terminals outside of school (mind you, computers were huge back in the day). Nobody back then had resources like that. Opportunity in of itself is a very lucky thing to have. Not everyone gets one or even takes advantage of the ones they do get. I think it's cool that you think you can be anything you want to be, but that's just wishful thinking.  
I don't know why you got downvoted. This seems perfectly reasonable to me. Lawyering without thinking about the big picture seems pointless. 
I can see what you're saying, but I would think kids would be more willing to learn simply because they are used to following direction, especially in school.  If you tell them they need to learn about philosophy, then they will learn something about philosophy.   
Or rather how our brains seek some sort of comfort and those structures came from that. Our brain basically craves for security, patterns it can get stuck into. For most that security is mindless entertainment for others it may be their outward potrayal in form of social status or money.      Difficult to maintain motivation for goals when you realize those dynamics. I guess it is philosophy coupled with neurology in my case. 
It's not really a coincidence, they are after all comparing two groups. I do agree the strangely worded article; the Statistician(s) who did the studies mentioned should have explained it to the writer of the article. 
Skepticism is important, no matter if the point agrees or disagrees with your preconceived notion. If we only accepted what fit our narrative, then we'd likely be believing a lot of false information. It's best to believe what's as truthful as can possibly be (given how nothing can be truly objective - won't really get into that here) so we can at least try to objectively understand the whole picture.  I'm sorry to hear you had to deal with that. There's plenty of individuals out there who do not wish to be challenged, and those folk are sadly among them. I'm happy to hear that you did at least try to show them your skepticism, however. 
I've seen articles on Wikipedia that have, presumably, been updated recently, but provide dead citations.  It's likely the links never worked in the first place, or some site renovations occurred, and the original author of the article never bothered to update anything. 
Yeah, the comment sections typically contain the more active and outspoken users, so they're most certainly a more reliable means of getting an idea of what the subreddit is like, rather than basing it purely on the OP. 
That's fair, I suppose we'll just have to agree to disagree unless evidence comes up for either of our points. But, nonetheless, I'm glad that we can agree that there are some individuals who do find it useful. 
It's most definitely incredibly unfortunate. It's primarily just memorizing the information and answering questions based on what you know. It's not truly learning the information, as we did with mathematics and reading, but rather learning to memorize. 
Really now? I'm extremely envious now, haha. Isn't Sweden also a very Atheistic country, too? 
You recognize that the person who wrote that studied philosophy at an undergraduate and graduate level right?  
I do. It helped my critical thinking skills throughout my life.  
why did you say logically? sorry, i just took a logic class and i hope i didnt already forget what a logical truth is, not tryna be an ass or anything  
Agreed, I have seen relatively few (if any besides this?) studies on translating philosophy to the classroom. That said, I am biased as I read mostly psychology literature.  
Exactly, I was about to point out the same idea. The notion that anyone can be anything if they work hard and put their mind to it (etc) doesn't account for a lot of the things in life that are completely out of your control. I start thinking about all the people who are born with severe health problems, or even just stuff as simple as the socioeconomic status determines, limits, or opens up all sorts of potential opportunities.  
Well I always had a bit of an interest in programming but i never thought it was something I could actually make a living out of. The class gave me a new fascination for what could become with new technology. We have infinite possibilities we have at our finger tips. What got me was something about the fact that we are so insignificant, yet in the last century or so we've changed more than we have in millions of years. We are the first few generations to truly create our future. So, I took AP Java, aced it and now I'm a cs major. 
It depends on how you see it. We have a lot of diversity in terms of religion. A Swede in terms of ethnicity is most likely Atheistic or "christian" although very very secular. On the other hand there are a lot of immigrants that are muslims. So at the end of the day it's more of a question if it's Swedish people in terms of ethnicity or the citizens.    But if you mean the ethnically Swedish people, then I would bet that we're either Atheistic or secular to the point of not really minding about our religion, since many of us got christening when we were born. 
I didn't.  That's really cool.  I took his assertion he only had one philosophy class at face value. 
I'm a math teacher. I was using a local idiom.  I know teaching isn't respected based on a lifetime of comments like ops. 'Why would someone teach if they are smart enough to do something else' is how most Americans view teachers.  It's why I left teaching. My old coworkers, a lot of them were smart. And they honestly wanted to help make the world better.  But it's not a values position culturally 
I don't see how else you could mean it. If teaching were a respected profession, you wouldn't think to make such a comment. It would seem perfectly normal for a PhD to teach at a high school, rather than it being below them. 
The most I've seen was English classes and, possibly, science classes attempting to *very lightly* integrate critical thinking. They're really only scratching the surface, and they hardly go into detail about why it's important to do such things, which is a real shame. 
No, there is useless knowledge. I suppose all knowledge has a *potential* use, but as far as actual use, no.   Shitty educational practices based on outdated paradigms shouldn't be defended, they should be smashed. 
Hold on, you guys know that Bill Gates bought Microsoft OS and then created the company after, right? 
I don't want to sound pejorative in any way but you had to take a philosophy class to understand that you could make a living being a programmer? 
That is true and is a good solution to the problem, however that doesn't mean one shouldn't be skeptical in spite of it. While a lack of evidence provided doesn't mean there is no evidence for the stance, there is still no evidence provided in the first place. 
Absolutely.  All of my math classes are purely computational.  The above wouldn't really apply in a proof-based class.  Relatedly, I really do not envy the people taking proof-based math courses.  Proofs scare me. 
Historically philosophy was the basis for math, not the other way around. 
My chem teacher in high school made it a point to let us know that he could triple his pay at any moment by leaving for the private sector. 
I don't really get why you're taking such offense to it.  I don't really have an issue with it, just most doctorates work at a higher level.  
No, he had to take philosophy to understand the potential and wonder of programming. Did you even *read* the comment? Nowhere did OP say anything about how philosophy made him think he would be good at it or that it would make him money. 
It does seem a bit plausible though, at least for those that have taken a lot of philosophy. But then maybe we have stockholm syndrome ;) It makes me curious for more studies, particularly of comparisons between achievements of students in countries with philosophy as part of their core curriculum vs. those in countries without. Though it'd be a loose corelation study, it'd at least be something....a start. 
Proofs can we wonderfully fun, but I think you really need a great teacher. Seeing all of calculus derived from first principles (theorem and definitions) was probably the most rewarding part of my undergrad, up there with using induction proofs for analyzing algorithms.  Once you get it, it just kind of clicks. The beautiful thing is, once you've understood the core ideas and developed the skills, you can finagle your way through problems unlike anything you've seen before. The exams are actually fun, because it's problem solving. (Memorization is also minimal, which strongly appeals to my laziness.) 
I'm smart enough to do something that pays a better wage. I'm yoing, single, I have no family to worry about as I change careers.  If I want a family one day, I don't want to have to depend on a man to support me. If I stayed a teacher I'd either be crazy broke, or have to depend on a spouse in order to give future children the life I'd want to give them.  As a teacher I'd never be able to send my future kids to university   So I left. I felt disrespected by society as a teacher. It was a lot of work for a little. No child left behind has put teacher against each other. You want better test scores so you make more money? Become the favorite so you get the "better" students or better classroom sizes or supplies. 
Do what will make you happiest. For me it wasn't teaching. But for a lot of my friends it is 
It is indeed very plausible, I do agree. I also agree that the study you suggested would be a very good start to seeing the potential benefits of philosophy.   I suppose we'll just have to wait and see for any philosophy-related studies, and hope that in the near future they become a part of most countries' curriculum. 
I may also be guilty of bullshitting literary analysis papers.  So yeah, this is probably a common problem haha. 
Hell, it had enough of an impact that I'm certain my views were affected before even knowing who Chomsky was were affected by his work third hand.  *editing sentences on phones is hard. 
First thing I thought when I read the headline unfortunately :( 
 He's definitely one of those names that should make it through the thickets of history and culture, but will he? Depends largely (as things stand today) on some of the very forces he's spent many years railing against. 
They're working on it I think, it's gonna take some time though to scan all of his notes and everything and upload them 
I disagree with him on plenty, and his blindness with Islam is especially galling, but he predicted the rise of Trump way back in 2010, and he has been calling out 'fake news' at least as far back as his seminal work 'Manufacturing Consent' back in the 80s. He's definitely right about a lot of what makes the U.S. government so dysfunctional, but his prescriptions misunderstand human nature on a very deep level in the same way that most liberals usually do: he mistakes the dysfunction in the U.S. as unique, and uniquely bad, which of course it isn't. The U.S. is *much* better than he gives it credit for, and it couldn't be the utopian country he advocates for* unless people were much better and smarter than they are- and they just aren't. Liberals *always* neglect the Pareto principle.  People are people, and liberals refuse to see that through their sanctimonious virtue signalling.  (*his nonsensical anarcho-syndicalist/Marxist philosophy is just communism by a different name)  
Check r/socialism. I think there are a few posts about the important stuff regarding your inquiry.  
I think that he's just created a different kind of bullshit. But at least it's thought provoking. 
I couldn't disagree more, the man defended the Khmer Rouge. 
A very nice thing about the way Chomsky supports many of his ideas is that he deals greatly in facts, simple facts often unadorned. He can make a statement about why he considers x to be hostile, and proceed to list several instances that back up his claim, revealing hostile acts by x. I think that's a great part of his charm, and a valid approach, specially when coming from someone who insists that the recipient of his message remain critical. After that's done one can go an review the listed events, and try to better understand their context and create their own idea of x acts and decide if the point he was trying to support with those examples holds up or not. Many, though, will just take his word on it and move along; many others will start listing unrelated facts about y that don't directly relate to the subject of x being hostile. 
Chomsky debated Foucault, who did your econ professor debate?  
Will it be understandable for a non student who just wants to know more? 
Given the vast scope of deplorable actions undertaken by the US government in the 50s, 60s, 70s and beyond; I find it hard to believe any damning of said government by Chomsky could be considered disproportionate. 
I'm glad /u/mundotaku has Noam Chomsky all figured out. Great job! 
If you have some understanding of computer programming, any intro course to Compilers will teach you a lot about formal grammars. This is less helpful if you're interested in Chomsky's many other Linguistics topics, however. 
Which is super unfortunate because Chomsky's "lets hang back and see what the actual damage is" was the correct approach in many other situations. His attitude towards Central America, Asia, The Middle East, and parts of the Soviet block ended up being correct in the broad scheme of things.  And then he was wrong about the fucking Khmer Rouge.  
Umm... No one is denying that anarcho-syndicalism is communism. That's kind of the point. 
People keep wanting to believe this, but it's bullshit. Even if it was true so the fuck what? Does that mean everything he's ever said is wrong because he was wrong about this thing? That's a stupid way to sum up someones work. 
Being critical of someone doesn't require you to have equal or greater accomplishments than them. 
He offers little to back up his own claims? He critiques American libertarians completely inaccurately. Gets called out on it by leading Chicago economists and never responds. I've yet to meet an economist, left, right, center, non ideological, who thinks Chomsky is insightful to the field. Yet most of his work of late has been the critique of the economy and society as a whole, without debating those he claims are wrong.   I enjoy his work but that doesn't mean I have to blindly accept the man as some demi God who can't be wrong, as he literally belives he is right and not open to the idea of being wrong.  
Although you were down voted this is pretty accurate. I always wonder how many people on here claim to have read his work but are really just people who watched some interviews and believe they have a fundamental understanding of what Chomsky represents.  
Its easy to see the international policy of America during the Cold War as bad until you analize the whole thing in a worldwide stage against the Soviet Union. Chomsky's criticism is disproportionate because he often makes it seem like the US was just doing bad things for the sake of it. I read most of "How the world works" and i honestly couldn't get through it. The whole thing is so one sided that its ridiculous.  
Yeah, that must be the reason he supported Hugo Chavez for almost a decade. 
When I started reading Chomsky, I found his writing style to be quite dry and a bit cumbersome to read. I would highly suggest "Understanding Power" as a first Chomsky book. It's not actually written by him, but it's a collection of transcripts of him just talking plainly with random audiences, "free-style". It's a very engaging book. 
It sumerizes 200 pages of dry reading into some digestible content. I struggled to read MC due to the sheer volume of examples and arguments that Noam peppers in his book.  
What do you mean? How is he contributing to what he's lambasting? 
Trying nothing.  Reddit is a political and business marketing tool as much as a TV commercial. 
This is hilariously correct but as far away from explaining in an "I'm 5" way for those not in computer science as it gets 
Some things are not meant to be understood by five year olds.  
My grandfather was a linguist at mit way back when and worked with him  
I am unconvinced. I agree there can be merit, but Armenia, Central Africa, and Cambodia all suffered for that attitude. I don't, mind you, have a good answer. 
Eh, his influence in linguistics is not very disputed.  Everything else is very disputed. 
MLK was essentially rewritten to take out the Communist leanings and the anti-war part leaving the "nice" uplifting anti-racist meme. 
It means that he isn't a person that everyone just needs to listen to. He's brilliant within his field but quite flawed outside of it. 
No but usually it helps to be correct when making a claim.  
When was the last time he got on a platform to debate someone who has ideals different to his own? He wouldn't debate Sam Harris. He wouldn't debate any Chicago economist, he makes claims against society and the global economy as a whole yet doesn't offer any substantial evidence for his claims outside of his own historical critique. He has yet to debate an economist yet most of his work as of late has been to dismiss modern societal economies. Give me a break.  
Understanding Power is a book that everyone should read. He digs pretty deep into America's dirt. I'd go as far as to call it entertaining albeit pretty disheartening. 
That's sad. You should google "Israeli Art Students" 
Yes, but for the most part, that political bias isn't coming directly from the admins or the owners of Reddit. Yes, they've engaged in a small amount of censorship, mostly banning a few subreddits that broke laws, were overtly racist, or engaged in widespread doxxing, and have also tweaked the algorithms to limit the reach of a small number of LOUD subreddits. However, most of the bias is coming from companies who have invested money in "cracking the code" of Reddit. I do think that might change in the future.  
Fuck that, anything we understand as a species, or will ever understand, is being understood by a 5 year old that had years of extensive explanation.   Unless there's like a super smart 4 and 3/4 yo out there who's about to about to die. Fingers crossed. 
His "influence on linguistics" goes far beyond what little, if any, most people associate with ideas about language and grammar and meaning. The modern version of a mechanical explanation for thought is due to Chomsky and Turing. Maybe his influence in cognitive science is only due to this work in linguistics, technically -- but his underlying ideas (some found in Plato, Descartes, Leibniz) are much more profound than those of sentence structure.  
You shouldn't just listen to anyone, you should do your own research. In this situation you could go find out the truth of the Khmer Rouge situation and form your own opinion.   If you think he's quite flawed than I'd like to know how, because he does his homework better than anyone else. That's why he's been around as long as he has without being dismissed as a crank.  
I hope its good. I literally just placed the order. Itll be here on the 29th! This is what I love about reddit. Its all in the comments.  
Yeah it's almost time. His wife is gone, soon it'll be him. 
Reddit.  Where you can't judge a book by it's cover ;) ...  But you do. 
Well he's got a new wife so he's going fine on that front. 
Then Chomsky has the same view. Chomsky's main belief when it came to the Khmer Rouge was that the information was too little and the only sources were refuges. There weren't any actual trustable sources on the info. Again, this was the correct approach to many places. Chomsky on the other hand was aggressive towards Central America and other parts of Asia because the information, to him, was clear. Those places deserved help and deserved it immediately, to him.   He was wrong about the Khmer Rouge, and I can't defend it too greatly. But I dont think he was incorrect on account of being rash or nonacademic.   
Thanks, lots of laymen neurologists giving quick summaries, which end up misinforming everyone.    
Humanity will eventually. I believe it's likely to be 10,000 years out versus the mountain of articles and scientists that say it will be within 50 years. I'm 27 and I'm pretty sure the generations before me are still waiting for their flying cars and/or cars that run on water.  
Yes this is what I was thinking.  Unfortunately we can only get a neuron count in the autopsy though as you say! 
It's just interesting that he maintained that awareness without such a large portion of brain.  
It's odd that we'd do that considering how much brain matter is required for just our eyesight to work the way it does. Surely consciousness and thought processes would take more brain matter than just one of our senses right? Yet we still can't find it but we know where to find our eye circuitry. 
The brain is not "you". In fact "you" isn't really located in any one place. The brain is another organ that generally is the processing hub but the body itself is one thing, the brain isn't "you".  
It mentions that he works as a 'civil servant', is married with two children and other sources say he first noticed the weakness in his leg while recreationally bicycling. Seems relatively 'normal', substandard IQ notwithstanding.  
This is the first thing that came to my mind reading this article. Specifically mind uploading... well not exactly mind uploading, more like gradually replacing the brain with electronic components. The main worry for me would be the ability to make sure my consciousness was still me and not just a copy of me. I suppose we can keep our consciousness in tact, if it is done slowly, like this injury. 
The theory that consciousness is a product of the physical brain gets most of its empirical support from the fact that if you change something in the brain, you get a corresponding change in the mind.    With this in mind, instances such as this one, where you drastically change the brain but see little to no change in the mind, have the potential to serve as counter evidence.  
It touches on the mind/body problem and broader phenomenology. The article itself doesn't go too deep, but the implications are pretty apparent.  
One theory is that because the individual in the article became that way gradually, his brain had time to shift functions to parts it still maintained. This is plasticity, but in the case of a small brain from birth, things may be different, but I couldn't say for sure.  
Thank you! I was having a few eye roll moments as a neuroscientist. It's certainly super exciting and interesting that this gradual change can be adapted so well, especially considering the extent of he damage, but the concept that certain regions and cell populations can take over for one another is hardly novel.   One of my graduate school professors used to suggest that was the reason we turned down the car radio when navigating new areas (I would argue that has more to do with processing power and cognitive overload, but who knows, could be both). 
Maybe losing one order of magnitude isn't enough to matter, but it seems that at some point, the raw amount of neurons, regardless of connections, would become a limiting factor.   Could we see consciousness with 1000 neurons? Maybe one million? Is there even any understand in the scientific community as to where the line(/thick bar) might be that goes from "little more than stimuli-response" to "could be conscious" ?  
I thought the same thing when I was reading it lol 
Cerebral edema will kill brain cells. Even a mild case will. If 90% of the volume of the brain is absent, we can safely assume that the entirety of (or even many of) the original cells haven't survived in some sort of compressed state.   
While the title may *seem* like clickbait, it isn't. Clickbait refers to headlines that intentionally hide the lede so that the reader has to click. In this case, there *may* be an incorrect fact regarding the percentage of the brain, but that isn't clickbait. We've had incorrect facts in headlines for centuries. Furthermore, the article does discuss one theory of consciousness that appears to be contradicted by the case study at hand. You may disagree with the assessment of that theory or you may be disagree that it's a valid theory in the first place or you may have some other qualm, but none of these issues constitute the headline as "clickbait". The headline reflects what is discussed in the article. No one was baited into clicking anything.  
Howso?   To clarify, as others have noted the man suffered brain damage but lucked out and retained his consciousness because critical parts of his brain were spared or adapted.  What's does this situation bring to the theory of consciousness? 
I had actually that very debate with Marvin Minsky on my 18th birthday- would construction of a  perfect replica of the brain allow someone's consciousness to survive? He said yes, I said no. It was great walking around the BCS lab. 
I work in subcortical regions, and they aren't even remotely close to "mostly white matter." That being said, we've known for a long time that your brain can correct for losing huge amounts of neurons given the loss is slow (this man isn't the first known example of this kind of neural degeneration, as u/nothatkindofdoctor mentioned). 
It's a quote from Cleeremons (sp?) within the linked article that he's missing "90% of his neurons". Likely inaccurate and misleading way of talking about the situation, at any rate. 90% of volume is plausible, but the brain isn't a uniformly dense homogenous 3D object made of just neurons. 
To be honest, I was taught this a long time ago and thought it was [relatively] common knowledge so I disregarded that point to some extent.   To those who hadn't known, though, I'd agree that point helps suggest his claim very well.   Also the whale example was a good one - I'm used to people using elephants haha. It's even more eye-opening when you think of a giant, dumb, blue whale. 
You may have misunderstood my comment - I was quoting OP. I'm pretty sure he/she was making an arbitrarily large number.  A quick Google search shows you are right. If you are under 18 your max score is 162. Otherwise it's 161. 
Conflates a neuron with a brain basically. Just because individual components of a system are not conscious, doesn't imply the system as a whole is not conscious. Pretty transparently wrong, I wish Searle would cut his losses and drop it. 
I'm not sure even that is true, since we can't get a consensus on whether monkeys, dolphins, dogs, spiders, or new born human babies are conscious.  Arguably it's an "I know it when I experience it" thing, which only gets you as far as solipsism, unsure whether every other living thing is a p-zombie. 
I don't know why you are replying to me and not midnightking. Did you make a mistake? 
Doesn't the brain and consciousness come down to: does the brain produce consciousness or receive consciousness  
Only from a materialist reductionist standpoint. The ship of theseus paradox isn't paradoxical at all if you simply accept the reality of metaphysical things. I'm with Chomsky on this one. The ship of theseus is a metaphysical entity that is represented by an amalgamation of matter. The ship of theseus is a constant entity which is steadily itself; which material particles embody it over time may change but this is irrelevant.   Similarly, if one looks at consciousness in the same light, one can see that a consciousness can remain the same consciousness even as the matter which embodies it is cycled. 
You're absolutely right, and I do a lot of work with the limbic system myself, but I overgeneralized thinking of the space between the lateral ventricles and top half of the brain. I suppose what I'd actually find most intriguing is what happened to those subcortical regions and how their function doesn't seem to be entirely lost, rather than the issue of consciousness mentioned here. 
This is the most important question and I'm surprised it's not discussed as a top comment.  To answer your question, IMO, the word 'consciousness' should be reserved for the qualia aspect. Wakefulness, intelligence, memory, attention, these things can be objectively measured and should be treated separately from consciousness, which we can only tell about ourselves and can not prove other people have it too.  Yes I'm talking about solipsism. I'm not saying it's ontologically true, but we don't have a way to objectively find out one way or the other.  Therefore, in light of this, I think the article is very misworded and they should replace all mentions of the word 'consciousness' with 'intelligence' or 'intelligent human behavior'.   
Probably, although they'd also lose basically every other characteristic that makes a human a human unless you could somehow selectively remove only those neurons that are responsible for consciousness (which might not even be possible, since it's likely widespread and not localized to one discrete region). I think it might be difficult to prove your results though, because consciousness can only be inferred through behavior, and behavior does not always correlate perfectly with consciousness. 
Just curious, is there anything to support the idea of average brain mass vs. body mass ratio as a reason for why humans are "more intelligent" than other animals?  I have a friend who won't let off on this idea but I've never really taken the time to figure out whether he's right or not. It's always sounded extremely wrong to me, so I tend to not say anything about it. 
For what it's worth, most larger animals have larger brains, because you need more neurons to control your increased limb/internal organ sizes. 
Right, but people seem surprised this guy has as much IQ and normal processing as he does, despite what appears like a gigantic loss of brain volume. 
As if the brain has a separate "internal" consciousness of itself, and creates a second consciousness which is endowed with the ability to interact externally. (Language, the senses, emotions etc.) 
because I've blacked out enough I've got my own theory that memory is really the end all be all of your conscious experience.  when you black out your brain stops making memories and so, well, you might as well not have even been there.  it seems like your idea and my idea aren't mutually exclusive though. more thought required.  additional pylons, etc 
I agree that it's too broad of a term, and also non-specific. We don't know what it means, but interestingly we all seem to have a feel for what we think it means. I personally also have a hunch that "it" has some connection to something like fugue states. The reason I say that is because when I was young I suffered a concussion from falling out of a tree and hitting my head on the edge of a roof on the way down. I had amnesia for a couple of hours. I distinctly recall the sensation of what I would describe as returning to consciousness on the ride back home. It was like reality faded in. They said I was awake and talking normally the whole time, but in my opinion I really wasn't there until that moment reality faded back in. That is, they said I was conscious and acting normally, but whoever was conscious, was not really me during that period. I am not suggesting that was fugue, but I can relate to what people who have suffered from it feel like after returning. 
Ther are also people who say the brain IS consciousness, or that there is no consciousness, or that there is no brain. 
Fair enough.  I'm also incredibly interested in how all the compensation happens. If I had to guess much of the subcortical structures haven't been entirely "lost," but instead are highly reduced in number, completely changed in basic architecture, and compressed along the skull. At least that's what it kind of looks like in the MRI and would help explain how the guy functions on a very basic level. 
I think you're advancing a very naive view of consciousness by stating it is made possible by 'certain neurons' in the cerebral cortex.  
The thinking behind it is that a large body mass means more inputs and outputs to the brain, so the brain to body mass ratio is pertinent as a sort of measure of computing power per input or output. 
Not saying you are wrong but didn't large dinosaurs have relatively small brains?  I did see you said "most". 
I think this individual is an outlier in the sense that most people with comparable brain volume are microcephalic and profoundly disabled.  The hemispherectomy cases are equally puzzling outliers.  It is significant that there are large numbers of cases that lie far outside the normal correlation of brain volume and IQ, it isn't a freak accident.  It is probably significant that they began life with a larger brain volume that diminished. 
Maybe.. or maybe there are only 2 when you split the corpus collosum. If it were possible to split the brain again, I'd wager that you would get 4 separate minds. I'd also wager that if we could directly connect two brains they would form one conscious mind. 
"You might be on a big revelation here."  Definitely felt like it when I was high. Then I started thinking about spiders and the uniqueness of their webs to each species and whether they move on their webs by having a definite stride length that other species can't replicate. Then I forgot about the consciousness thing until just now.   
I get the first two possibilities but what the hell does "there is no brain" mean? Are you just referring to some degree of solipsism? 
&gt; matter produces consciousness  Can you cite even one verifiable test that has taken inert matter in a controlled environment and animated it in a way that it has exhibited consciousness?  It is evident in everyday life that conscious beings produce conscious beings. But when or who has ever shown that matter produces consciousness? 
So it works sort of like RAM in a computer. A limited amount of information gets spit out which eventually slows down significantly as the limit is approached and surpassed. No actual data is stored in RAM, so it is constantly refreshed while new data is retrieved from the hard drive.   So one could say consciousness as we know it is very similar to how random access memory  works.   Our brain stores all the data like the hard drive does and consciousness is the act of retrieving and displaying a specific data set at any given moment like how ram does.  
That makes sense, though these sorts of cases tend to be people where the damage happens *early*. Later life hemispherectomies (or even smaller ablations) have much more profound effects on adults; we are so much more plastic when young. 
That's an interesting analogy.  It might suggest that in some sense the process of improving lossy compression algorithms could be converging on preserving only the features that are interesting according to the way we're wired.  I guess then the model "implemented" by the brain would define the asymptote to which all other lossy compression would aspire. 
I experience a similar thing just before a migraine. It is fascinating to me that sometimes my brain will definitely alert me something is up before I can even perceive it in my vision. Like you said, "intellectually aware". Sometimes it's a little funny, like I know something's wrong, go to the mirror and see that I am missing part of my face, but can't quite make out what's missing. Oh yeah! I am supposed to have two eyes, by my right eye is missing. LOL. Then, "Shit! I'm getting another migraine...". Like you said, trees and grass are particularly hard to notice visual problems. 
I suspect you may be correct, especially when considering Dissociative identity disorder (AKA multiple personality disorder). I read somewhere that they've recorded some people with over a thousand distinct "people" living in their head.  I wonder if we all have that; it's just that one personality dominates for life? 
Consciousness is the source of its own observation. It's hard to say if we will ever be able to say what consciousness is by using the very thing we are trying to describe to do the describing.  
It's difficult but possible to invoke and be aware of mental images without bringing any language into it. Maybe mental imagery is also a result of potential communication by drawing, but that starts to sound like the tail wagging the dog. 
I think he's referring to 'brain in a vat' where our 'brains' are actually just computer programs receiving inputs from another super computer.  
Yes, although WM and RAM are not very similar and in general we can't compare computer memory mechanisms to biological memory mechanisms. For a simple demonstration: when a computer puts an image into memory as a series of 1s and 0s, retrieving or copying that data doesn't change it much at all (minor mutations as a random bit flips here or there, but virtually no meaningful change), whereas when we see a scene we don't store it accurately, and retrieving the memory alters it. Memory in brains is *constructive* and very inaccurate; memory in computers is pretty good at storing all bits equally and storing those bits accurately and retrieving them without corrupting the original file. 
"Consciousness" is a function of a neuron as much as "Economy" is a function of a person/economic agent: it simply isn't.  Economy results from the interaction of economic agents: it is an emergent property of the *whole*, not of the *units*.   Consciousness is the same: there are no *consciousness neurons*... consciousness is an emergent property of large-scale interactions between neurons.  TL;DR: "consciousness" is not located anywhere specifically, the same way your "computer state" is not located in a specific place, but distributed among many different components 
Yeah, a caveman was also not the pinnacle of intelligence, despite having almost the same 'potential' as us. Water makes building a civilization a lot harder (just take farming, which started our sedentary life: kinda hard to farm under water). 
I'd like to see those studies.  As far as I'm aware multiple personality disorder has never been proven.  But regardless, we all do have separate personalities.  Think about how you act with your friends compared to your grandma.  We have completely different personalities based on context and the social group we're in. 
We start with cave paintings and eventually end up at the Mona Lisa (or maybe it would be more accurate to say the World Wide Web). 
This.  Logic class should be taught at the middle school level after they have decent reading comprehension and core math skills.   
Ethics is mandatory depending on major. I know doctors, nurses, lawyers, engineers, etc. Are required to have an ethics course before they get a degree. Tying ethics to professional action makes alot of sense and is reinforced alot in college. 
I would agree completely with that. Philosophy was actually a subject in school where I grew up, and I remember how increadibly dumb everyone thought it was, I especially loathed Parmenides. We couldnt grasp what the philosophers were trying to communicate, because we would always try to concretise the metaphors instead of thinking about the idea itself. Our prefrontal cortexes werent developed enough. On the tests we just regurgitated the textbook definitions without any grasp of what we were writing.  A few concepts were understandable though, like empiricism and some parts of logic. 
Maybe then they will finally be the generation that will fix the school system.  
Askphilosophy is a better sub. There is little to be found here. 
I hate to say it but I agree. Finance does need to be multiple years. The quality of life for the whole country would improve in a single generation.  I say start with 2 years and let's see what we can get after that. 
Hahaha, yeah tbh is was a bit of a circlejerk inviting title. On the otherhand talking about it might actually make change more likely! Whereas agreeing that we all like cute puppies probably wont change anything :P 
I think we should be doing both things.  A basic financials class is a gaping hole is public school curriculum - balancing accounts, calculating interest, etc.  But knowing logic is critical to learning quite a bit of biology, chemistry and physics.  Understanding formal logic at least a little should help people follow what's happening during experimental design and writing methods sections of reports. 
It's not developmentally appropriate for young children in many cases. 
Math itself is philosophy, in a different form(logic).  Some basic principles are covered when discussing the Scientific Method.  I think in general it comes down to interest.   Kids have so many things in their lives pulling in different directions that to devote enough time in understanding philosophy doesn't happen.  Hell,  look how history is taught and tested.  Most history teachers approach history from a purely factual basis(memorizing dates, events).  Tying different events together doesn't happen. 
nothing encourages children to question the accepted truth then to teach them what to read and how to interpret it.  
Could you care to explain how it would be bastardized? Don't confuse bastardized for simple, if that's what you're thinking. 
Wait... you read Judith Butler at a Christian religious school? I Haven't read a full book from her but I feel her whole gender not inherently existing thing wouldn't jive well with Christian interpretations of gender and such. 
I totally agree with you. My daughter is going into the 7th grade, and I've started teaching her about logic and logical fallacies at home, because they do or learn anything about it in school. Not that I'm an expert, but I believe that critical thinking and reasoning skills are more important that memorizing facts and dates.  
I'm a programmer... Logic is very important for programming. Much more important than higher level math (only a subset of programmers use geometry/trig/calc but we all use logic.) However, there are a bunch of other things that one needs to learn in order to program that doesn't involve logic. And if a kid doesn't plan/want to be a programmer, they might think logic isn't necessary in their life.  I think it's better as its own class so that more relevant issues can be discussed rather than programming problems. 
Put me off for a decade and half before I embraced it lovingly. 
Two great points:  1. Biological development of the prefrontal cortex  2. Ability of high school teachers to adequately teach philosophy.  I'd love to see it taught, but it would have to be extremely simplified because of these two points. 
No, I'm sorry. No. Kids are not little adults. Their brain is not just smaller, it is drastically different.  While I do agree that school destroys creativity in children, I do not agree that you can teach philosophy to little children and expect them to get any of it. Or care about it.  You can prepare them for philosophy by giving them logic courses or *maybe* some kind of History of Philosophy class. That could work in middle school, and philosophy could work great in high school. 
It would, now people don't realize what they are doing to themselves when they spend money or have credit card debt. It's not because they are stupid it's because they simply have never been exposed. Especially in lower income families, the parents don't know, schools don't teach them, and yet we expect them to be successful. It's lunacy to think that would work.  
Literally anyone who wants the masses well educated wants grade school reform.   Also we need to pay teachers more. The quality of teachers has gone down because quality teachers are now actively making a decision to make less so that you can be a teacher. And the ones who do that are wonderful and I had many in my years of education, but I also had many who that's the only job they could get and they didn't actually want to teach.   Reform is necessary, double to triple the budget would be ideal.   
I went to a religious (episcopal) private school in a very red state, and our religion credits were satisfied by ethics or comparative religion, which was just a study of major religions. We did have required chapel service weekly but it focused on ethics, philosophy, morality, and current events rather than preaching religion. Not all religious private schools are terrible.  
Here in Germany we could choose beween religion or philosophy.   The lazy idiot I was chose religion. It was easy subject, but nowadays I wish I would have chosen philosophy 
As much as I think philosophy would be a great core subject, it's hard enough to get people to pay for subjects like art and music, where you can actually create something that you can show people. Philosophy is literally just thinking, so it would be an easy target for politicians to skewer for "frivolous spending". I mean, maybe if philosophy were taught more rigorously then people would have the mental wherewithal to realize how full of shit those politicians are, but what do I know \*Kermit meme\* 
Philosophy has been used to justify every abhorrent event in modern human history. The maxims of certain schools of thought are often used in and of themselves rather than as a framework for thought.   Remember the Nazis?  
Especially in the modern era, where facts and dates are readily available. 
This could be anecdotal, need more logic evidence. 
My philosophy education started with Epictetus' Enchiridion. It's an easy read, free, and has some thoughts and ideas that can directly benefit anyone's life rather than requiring a specific ideology. It was a great way to warm up the brain into thinking in different ways and trying to objectively and subjectively interpret points of view. Meditations by Marcus Aurelius is also a good follow up - it's a fairly easy read, and also has some good, practical thoughts in it. 
Went to a SLAC. Had the opposite experience. I wonder if the big state school model just doesn't work too good for fields that really need discussion. 
I mean, very few people are going to be a Hegel or a Russell. But that's the same in every field. They all have their giants. 
I think maybe our definition of kids is different - I'm thinking middle school and high school.   I was still throwing horse shit at fence posts in elementary school you won't get an argument from me that we should be teaching philosophy to them.  
Imagine if everyone in America set up a retirement fund and education funds for their kids. Fucking imagine it.  Quality of life would skyrocket in a generation. 
I guess that's true. But I am more concerned with the implicitly absorbed methods of thinking and the assumptions carried from one biased, ignorant teacher to the next until all of a sudden they discover "philosophy" and have to unlearn nonsense they carried with them - if they do at all. 
I remember Godwin's Law. Philosophy alone cannot be blamed. Speaking of the Nazis, you may as well point at the art academy that Hitler was denied from and make an argument against art as a whole, specifically how it can create elitism. Anything can be used to justify anything, I think it's more about how _well_ the justification holds up.  
The advantage for memorizing facts and dates is that it provides context for new information. "Why should I need to remember when the Gulf War happened; I can just look it up!" is the kind of question that gets asked. But events shape future events. If you don't have a good picture of what *has* happened you cannot possibly have enough context for what *is* happening. Same for any other discipline: the other things you know help you filter through and contextualize new information. If you don't bother actually remembering stuff because you can always look it up, you will just miss key context.  
Formal logic can rescue us! The argument has this format: P implies Q. P. Therefore, R. "All men are Socrates" is a completely different sentence, formally, from what's in the rest of the argument.   Another way to think of it: all dogs are mammals. My dog Fido is a mammal. Therefore, all dogs are my dog Fido. That's obviously silly.  
Yes, but I don't think kids should be taught that there will never be anyone like them again, because that's the impression current lessons give. 
Yeah that's what I meant for the second part. It wasn't just memorization of some facts, it was more like, "summarize this philosopher's argument and then argue for or against". You really had to understand the philosopher's argument to take either side, so the understanding was tested more thoroughly. Plus, if you made any illogical jumps in your argument than it was immediately obvious. 
In that case I agree. They are ready for logic courses or intro to philosophy courses in middle school for sure. 
I don't want to think about it... I'm at work and a half chub wouldn't be acceptable.  
That memorization of historical dates and personalities in history class always bored me to tears, until I had an excellent world history professor in college who would launch into in depth chronology and explain WHY things happened. Some people had a drought or a war and had to move, so they went next door and took over another kingdom, causing them to evacuate into their longtime allies' lands, causing more war and strife. Those connections are what is often missing in history classes in the states. 
Unfortunately, faulty logic spoken loudly is winning. There's gotta be a super-logic that, uh, trumps, the BS.   
All dogs have four legs. Fido has three. Therefore, Fido is not a dog. 
We are all redditors? That's all I've got. that, and a bit of a headache. 
If CS 101 students were struggling with [!False=True], how do you expect kids to understand that? 
I see. :)  Half of the marks were for just memorisation, but there was another half where you did have to properly argue them. So forming logical arguments and communication was a part of the course.  Saying that there was so much actual content to learn, and any of it could come up, that I think for the vast majority of students all we actually did was try to focus on our memorisation as that's all that felt that mattered at least. It's a shame, I did love the content but having to try to remember each and every fact about it kind of ruined it a bit for me.  
You'll be happy to hear that history and schools has changed a lot. It no longer simply deals only with dates and events but aims to create more understanding around the human factor. At least where I'm from.   Source: Am a High school history teacher.  
There is! Just say "my logic is the best logic! No one else has better logic than me!" 
That's great to hear. The whole reason we need to study history is to understand why things happened in the past, so we can steer things in a different direction (usually). Thanks for all you do, by the way. I know I couldn't handle a roomful of teenagers politely. 
There's no fallacy, just an untrue statement, "all dogs have four legs" ignores the reality that some dogs have more or fewer legs because of injury or genetic mutation 
If something is both true and false the whole statement is false. 
Thanks, I didn't understand the odd point triangle thingy. 
it was my introduction, I read others, but it was the first philosophical book that was able to grab my attention. 
I read this part of the book not long after using a soda can as a shim for the controls on my handlebars. Definitely made me feel proud for figuring it out too. 
That book really sucked me in, one of the handful of books that I felt really made an impact. But what really took me for a ride was the epilogue. I have a sibling with the same condition as his son. 
You meant a lot to that teacher, I hope you appreciate that. 
I have been meaning to write Pirsig and failed to.  This really bums me out.  It's been a few years since I read ZMM and Lila. It's time I give them another go.  
I think it took me three months to finish it. It almost demands that level of introspection, I think. I can't say I enjoyed the book, but I certainly took something from it - a new way of seeing the world, perhaps.  
Loved Lila, but just not as much as Zen. He is willing to show the ugly in Lila though. Brave to do so I think... 
How do you, as a philosopher, look back at the philosophical ideas in this book?  The first time I read it, I was young, and many of the ideas he presents were really thought provoking to me.  The concepts had me rethinking my world view, and had a deep impression on me.  Reading it again as an adult, with more (albeit limited) knowledge of philosophy and life, I saw the flaws in his philosophy, as well as the inherent dangers.    His reductionist cyclical meta-value system, in combination with his mental illness, pushed him over the edge.  To me, his philosophical "trap" is one of the main antagonists of the book. 
It is too bad your pap wasn't more impulsive.  The world might have had another literary masterpiece about two war buddies on a trip to Mexico.. 
I felt it was very annoying. The author tried very hard to intentionally not understand certain things, mostly "quality". Not surprised he went nuts. 
My dad had schizophrenia before he eventually took his life. You think this is a good book for me to read? 
I definitely agree. His metaphysics of quality in Lila really helped me figure out an objective morality as an 18 year amoral idiot.  
I feel like a major theme of the book is that subscribing solely to objectivity or subjectivity leads to your own demise.  The protagonist has suffered a major breakdown wrought by trying to dice the universe into a million pieces. He seems more in touch with reality focusing on the details of one machine, but slowly realizes he can't put his own journey in context without also understanding the other places he's been   
I wouldn't recommend it as an introduction. It's very lengthy and dull to someone who isn't used to the style. But I would recommend it to non-philosophers who like to think about stuff from time to time.  
Having read them both, I think reading Lila before ZMM would be an interesting approach. 
FWIW, I think of it as a real and rather substantial novel.  Whether or not it's substantial philosophy depends on your point of view.  I will say that I've read it at least eight times, and each time it seems like a different book.  Not sure what that means, but it seems like a good thing. 
It seems like about a quarter of this thread (including myself) had to put the book down about halfway through. I wonder if we all made it to roughly the same spot.  
Please be sure you read it. I owned it for years before cracking it open in my mid 20's. I still wish I'd have read it the moment I acquired that first copy. Now I buy as many used copies as I can find when book shopping and give them away to my friends.   It blew the doors off of my reality, and I hope it will yours as well...in a good way. 
Those are the two books I consider the most influential in my personal life, with *Cuckoo's Nest* edging out *ZMM* for top spot.  Mental health aside, they both are wonderful and extremely insightful books about being authentic to one's self, and being mindful. 
Was a great book that seemed to talk right to you.  I know what you mean.  Nice user name btw.  
I forced myself to finish it thinking there was something there because of all the praise.  I didn't get anything out of it. At all.  It's not a great or even good book in my opinion, although it seems from this thread that I'll be in the minority in thinking that.   
My mom loaned me her pink copy. It changed my life, started me on a whole new path towards goals I never knew I had before. I know I'm not your dad, just an anonymous stranger on reddit...but I highly recommend you make that trip. You will not regret it. 
It's better for novices. Accomplished mechanics have already found their zen. So yeah, it's more philosophy and story than motorcycle stuff.  
Just ordered the book zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance. It sounds awesome. 
What a delightful surprise. And yet, how unsurprising! 
mental masturbation is a worthless term only used to feel superior to things. if you have a criticism of the book, share it. your comment helped nobody, and similar comments will never teach anything worthwhile, except for an easy way to deride something. 
Ha. And here I am also giving away many copies, of Lila. 
It's funny looking back. I read it knowing absolutely nothing about philosophy. Now I know a little and it dawns on me that he might have tried to combine Plato's ideas of epistemology  (quality is participating in ideal) and Aristoteles' ontology, by way he tried to divide everything to make sense of it.  
*Lila*, Pirsig's second book, is the obvious next choice. But I like warpfield's suggestion of GEB, too. Both will make you think, and GEB is probably timely, given developments in AI. It's decades since I read it, but I suspect it has stood up well. 
it's funny you should ask if it's good. because the idea of 'good' is what it's about. just read the opening quote by phadreaus. 
this is why i think his contribution was more than just a small one. zen is a really interesting read and is a lot more accessible than a lot of philosophy texts tend to be. there's more to his contribution than just the volume of it, zen is a fantastic intro to philosophy and it was the first book to really get me into it. 
And yet, he lived just long enough to see the line dip down.  
I mean... it definitely has to do with mental illness. Freud even wrote that as soon as people began to question why or question god they were inherently sick. 
Ditto. I'd read it while away on a co-op engineering assignment over the winter. The following summer I was fussing with my bicycle and realized that I could cut a aluminum can up and shim the gear shift just like described. It was a good moment and a perfect solution.  
I very much did/do, a lot of people saw him as crazy: but he was a really intelligent man, just eccentric in how he spoke. By far one my favorite people to have talked with about philosophy and history. 
He was one of the few who actively challenged me, knowing school bored the hell out of me. It kept me engaged, and always coming back to learn, because he was the only one who taught instead of banked things into me for tests. 
It really is, sad in a few ways though. Works that have brought different thoughts into our lives that help us or push us forward. Yet we forget about them till the artist has passed on. 
I need to finish it eventually. I've been 75% of the way done many times and have yet to complete it. Hopefully this summer  
Ive been reading it when I have time on the bus and its taken me a few months, Im guessing if he read it in a week he had some free time on his hands :)  I feel like its the kind of book that doesnt change much, but I could be wrong as Im still young and reading it for the first time :)   But it doesnt seem like it has too many layers or subtext, so I feel like if you got it the first time, you got it 
That was the point. The initial quest to figure out quality was his gumption trap, much like the broken screw that throws off the assembly. This second attempt at figuring it out was him making sure to have the balance he learned from motorcycle maintenance in order to figure out quality without becoming so attached to the weight of his inquiry that it would destroy him. 
Yes. Not as truth, but as one person's truth, profoundly and beautifully expressed.  I'm very sorry to hear of the loss of your father. 
It's really inspiring to hear that. Some moral frameworks provide little practical guidance (and some too much). MOQ strikes a good balance, and I've found it helpful that way, too. 
There is actually a mountain bike maintenance book called Zinn and The Art of Mountain bike Maintenance by Lennard Zinn. 
Lol, someone's got a little bit of a chip on the shoulder eh?  
The sequel, Lila, addresses the elements that were unfinished in the first book. The travelogue is not as good as the motorcycle stuff but the intellectual forays in the sequel are much better. Even superb. I doubt you'll read any book that will change the way you see the world as usefully and as much as will Lila. 
Last thing I remember is a long rant about "quality" and education and how he was a teacher or something like that.   That's as far as I got. Perhaps I didn't get to the "enlightening" climax of the book... 
Awesome. I almost gave it away to a friend who needed some help with zen and motorcycle maintenance a few weeks ago.   She was detoxing, manic and going through a messy break up when her bike broke down in peak hour on a busy bridge in pouring rain.   She texted me while she was there. I texted her back to cover of the book as a bit of comic relief for a shitty situation.  I will read it and will def pass it on to her. 
Yeah, I'm glad I'm not alone here. I dunno, MAYBE I'll try giving it another go.  
Is there any difference's in the book, based on the color of the cover? 
Hope you enjoy! It's a slow one you have to digest bit by bit, but a wholesome experience. 
Since masturbation is a harmless and pleasurable activity, I have never fully grasped its use in the negative. Is it "you are merely enjoying the pleasure of this, without producing a lifelong commitment?" 
*Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance* is not a "philosophy book". It's about philosophy and a mental illness but "philosophy book" is something else. Great book anyway. 
There is a substantive discussion here? I thought we were just paying our respects. Am I allowed to do that? Find something more important to whine about 
I agree.  I disliked philosophical reading because it was over my head.  This introduced me to it in a very approachable way, and from there I was able to revisit frustratingly complex works I had disliked because I hadn't understood their underlying messages.  It's a great gateway book. 
There's always that one idiot who brings in current-politics into every single thread, no matter how unrelated it may be.  Despite your narrow worldview blinkered by your political ideology, the world is still on an upward trajectory, same as it was 1 year earlier. On the whole, things are still getting better much more than they are getting worse.       Go back to /r/politics aka /r/LiberalCirclejerk 
it took me three or four tries to get theough that section.  i had a semi serious mental break and a friend brought me this book.  it took me years to finish it, but when i finally understood, i felt this huge relief that at least one other person on this Earth felt how i feel.  i had read Siddharta 10 times by then but this one got me. 
Just cut some into rectangles, polish the labeling off, and keep it on hand. They'll never know where it came from. 
I have a teacher just like this. The crazy ones are always the best. 
I think it just amounts to encountering works at different points in youre life, there's plenty of people in here in the midst of reading his books just learning about this. You can't be expected to read your idols work Iliad nauseum but there are certain works worth rereading at different points in your life. My favorite teacher from high school gave a small group of us a copy of the little Prince and said to revisit it every couple years. It never stops delivering. Just as ZMM influenced me growing up so I will now revisit it, maybe wiser than before, maybe less so, but it will be a different book, a new book and a great read I'm sure.  
I have an autographed copy of Christine by Stephen King... I need to scan that sucker in 
So it's not just me then? The first time my dad gave me it to read I was only about 20 and I think even still too young for it. I read most of the book but I don't think I took much of it in.   I started a second time about a year ago and read a large portion of it again only this time I actually took it in. If I did find myself reading a bit but missing the point I re read it until I got it. This was a lot more enjoyable but still I ran out of stamina and stopped reading again. Perhaps now is the time to try for the third time lucky. 
ZMM made me rethink how I approach my work, both in my vocation and in my hobbies.  I hope to eventually teach a class about the philosophical and ethical aspects of work, and plan to include ZMM in the curriculum.  I think chapters 25 and 26 are the two most important ones in the book, especially for tradesmen whose entirely livelihood depends on the quality of their work. 
But he never figures it out and in the end he's not doing so well. In fact he outright rejects simple and reasonable explanations because he just doesn't like them. He's twisting himself up over the fact that he wants answers to be different then they are and is building intricate epicycle like reasoning just to avoid simple explinations of quality. 
I don't know if this will help, but did you ever read Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card?  There's a scene in which the hero, Ender Wiggin, who is ten years old or something and super smart, walks into a room of teenagers playing video games and instantly is able to beat them all at video games that the older kids have been playing for years. Because Ender is just that super smart.  It is very empowering if you don't know anything about video games and very silly if you do.  Phaedrus totally destroying all the silly philosophers is on that level. 
Sounds about right. I'm glad it seemed to help or enlighten a lot of people, though, I just didn't understand the appeal and a lot of it rubbed me the wrong way.  
No there isn't...but your mention of the pink copy caught my eye.  
I'm pretty addicted to mental masturbation. It's not harmless. It's a form of procrastination.  
I think calling something philosophical is subjective. Maybe the book is predominantly an exploration of mental illness, but that doesn't mean that, relative to someone who suffers from mental illness, they get no philosophical content from the book. 
I'm just curating the intellectual lightweights out of the discussion, little fry guy. Let's aim for "up, up, and away" when we post our comments, shall we?  Atta boy!   
I've read The Plague probably a half-dozen times. It's an absolute masterpiece -- one of the best, if not *the* best novel of the 20th century. Imo, of course.  
what things are getting much better? human interpersonal relations? technology?  cus the great barrier reef is in terminal decline, bees are going away, robots are swiftly going to take away our jobs and we are not prepared for that socioeconomically, maybe another cold war is about to pop off, and we've got more CO2 in our atmosphere now then we've had in millions of years.  youre basically hoping that we manage to invent solutions to these problems faster than these gigantic, globe spanning issues annihilate us.   basically youre playing the final level of Halo 1 and you're really sure that you can make it to the Longsword before the ring blows up. seeing as you cannot see the timer to the explosion I'm not sure why you're so convinced. 
Me too. I had that "serious mental break."  It's very hard to explain, right?--but I think what you & I (and Pirsig) experienced was not mental illness, was not schizophrenia. You know how the bodhisattva sees the truth but then chooses to come back, to help all sentient beings wake up? We chose that. The schizophrenic is a different thing (possibly, although out probably, the enlightened being who chooses to stay in nirvana eternally--perhaps the schizophrenic is that).  So okay, I get it, but... Pirsig showed how damaging the professional psychiatrists with their categorical diagnoses & treatments can be, and showed that (as Herman Melville once noted, somewhere) "Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint [becomes indigo or whatever]... So with sanity and insanity."  Or like Flannery O'Connor said, "you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you odd."  
Nah, I can see that. After some brilliant opening chapters the book is losing steam. It just meanders on, and the big conclusion never really comes.  I've heard his second book "Lila" is supposed to be better - esp. on the philosophical side. 
Interesting. I've often told people that if they feel bored with it to skip the first 100 pages because those are the most boring and drawn out.  
Phaedrus twists himself up over it, Pirsig at this point in his life does not. It's almost a historical account of his past from the view point of another person who took his place. And he does sort of figure it out, it's awfully similar to Plato's concept of the good. You can't really answer it like you can a math equation, it's more about the journey and learning how to think. He says it in the beginning chapter, it's often better to travel than to arrive. 
I had a philosophy teacher in university who I would describe as using way too many words to explain simple concepts.  He would go to such an extreme that I actually had difficulty parsing those simple concepts.  But I've also been exposed to incredibly succinct philosophers.  The first one I mentioned was just a bad teacher.  Unfortunately, that was my experience in most subjects in university. 
Exactly. I can't even explain it. It did "rub me the wrong way". Now I want to give it another try just to see what it was. 
It's literature really. I know that it is autobiographical but it's a story at the end of day, not a non-fiction philosophy book; i.e. it does not have a philosophical project, arguments that support a philosophical position and answering philosophical questions. It may make you think, it may make you think about philosophical question too, but that doesn't make it automatically philosophy book. 
Which one? It's been a long time I read it, can't remember any cringe passage on top my head. 
Damn, I really like Camus, and I really liked The Stranger, how did I miss that one? 
Yes, Herman Hesse should definitely be mentioned in this little thread, I think he practically started this kind of wisdom literature. Steppenwolf is a great starting place. 
I happened to be reading it when I fell ill with pneumonia. My friend who came over with chicken soup rolled her eyes when she saw the title and accused me of being overly dramatic.  
Lilas writing comes off as more  practical and tangible than zen. I found myself rereading sections of zen due it being so dense while Lila was a bit easier . Both amazing  books though  
But his journey sucked and he didn't learn anything except a bunch of semantic philisophical arguments which he used to avoid dealing with the fact that he just didn't like that the universe wasn't magic.  I guess that's the analogy to the motorcycle. He learned all these tricks to keep his beater running and uses the fact that he's riding a broke ass bike to look down on everyone else instead of just getting a better bike. 
What rubbed me wrong is the guy saying how high his iq was from the start. There was so much self righteous, iamsosmart and iamsoenlightened trash in it. blaming his friends marriage  problems on a leaky facet, bagging on him for wanting his bike properly fixed instead of using a pop can, out teaching the professors that are his colleagues. Then going on a rant about the semantics of quality was too much 
He's definitely not schizophrenic. I'd call it dissociative identity disorder, if anything at all. He wasn't all there at times, but at least according to the book he didn't have a diagnosable illness.  
I will agree with you that it does not follow any kind of 'traditional philosophical structure,' and by that definition, you are correct, it is not a philosophical book. 
Maybe "cringe" isn't the perfect word, but I read this book about 15 years ago and every time a conversation started I just kept thinking *people don't really talk like this*.  It just seemed very forced.  I need to give it another read and see if I still feel the same way. 
The Stranger, The Fall, and The Plague are all masterpieces in my opinion.  As I understand it, Camus wrote a main character who was all action, all thought, and a synthesis of the two (the existential hero Dr. Rieux), respectively.  I think The Fall was the coolest read- the guy speaks directly to the reader the entire time.  
_Steppenwolf_ definitely should have been in my comment, too. Good call.  
I didn't and am thinking now that I should give it another go. I've re-read the Stranger and the Fall recently and got a lot from them.   I just remember experiencing something almost like vertigo reading it.    
Lila is indeed far more practical then Zen. Separating value into independent levels of Inorganic, Biological, Social, and Intellectual allows me to solve much cognitive dissonance in my life about competing priorities, and how to sort them. It is good. 
Man, I'm sorry that's what you took away from the book. Maybe try it again in a few years.  
Not to be too pedantic, but you do realise that the point he was making about the beer can shim was that it IS the right way to fix it.   He was saying an aluminium shim, is an aluminium shim wether you make it yourself, or buy it from BMW.  The only difference is perceived quality.   While I agree there is a strong thread of r/iamverysmart woven thru the whole book, it is meant to be his internal musings, so it's bound to come off that way. Anyone's internal monologue would.  
Well, the book is vaguely based on author's own life. Robert M. Pirsig was indeed diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. Also, I read that book 5 years ago, but as far as I remember schizophrenia part was pretty clear and maybe the climax of the whole novel. 
I definitely get what you mean, Camus has a really good mastery of prose and his characters' narrations aren't as unsettling, even if they're equally as bleak as Sartre's.   I would definitely recommend giving Nausea another go. I haven't read the Fall and haven't read the Stranger in years, I'll need to revisit those soon.  
Why? It's a book about a guy carrying around cobbled together junk that tells other people with cobbled together junk that they are special. I don't think I'm going to "like it" in a few years. Books that feed feelings of exceptionalism to the disaffected tend to have the most effect around a certain age, which I've passed.  I mean, I didn't like it so I guess I didn't understand it. 
I did get the point about the the beer can shim. It was the air of judgement about it. It caused him throw his friend into a category.  I don't think internal musings would always come off that way. He thinks a lot of himself and thinks he's misunderstood and that comes off in his writings.  
The thing about readers perspective though its that it doesn't have to be the authors intent in any way for the reader to take whatever they take from a book. If it made them have a grand epiphany for themselves even if you couldn't find evidence for it in the entire book. Every book hits everyone a different way.  
Does it have to be a dissertation to convey philosophical concepts? Taoism is a school of philosophical thought which was taught primarily through allegory. Surely a compelling story behind the search for the meaning of quality works as well as a thesis paper. His mental condition and the road trip were simply vehicles to carry the progression of his earlier search and provide a compelling story arc. 
I liked most the parts where he describes the repairs and his thoughts about how to do it, his inventiveness and resourcefulness. I also most remember just how willing he was to be vulnerable and ask for help and how if his bike broke down he would just stay in the town  I just found it nice he seemed so calm about the problems that arose when i tend to freak out a bit more. I am not some person without capacity to think about complex or difficult thought or philosophy but I found myself really really bored by the book.  Maybe picking it up again would help me take more time to slow down and think about the book rather than read through it like a narrative. 
Um, no. In fact to a much greater extent than the first book Lila makes clear that his character is a fiction. His daughter is not part of the second book at all. Lila is actually sort of inverse of the first book: ZAMM was a fantastic travelogue with intellectual asides that you often had to plow through. Lila is a terrible travelogue on a sailboat with an uninteresting dumb woman, but the intellectual asides are fantastic and fascinating. And philosophical. It's a superb philosophy / metaphysics examination of the nature of reality. Highly recommended. 
And yet it solves Hume's Guillotine better than your philosophical Canon does... 
He was not bipolar. He was paranoid schizophrenic, with an extra helping of anxiety and clinical depression. 
Yeah its really worth a go.   The Fall is really really good. It doesn't read like a philosophy novel and I can't be sure I really got the full point, except that the main character's ridiculous actions are really no more ridiculous than anything else one does; but it's great. It's absolutely hilarious. He has a lot in common with Don DeLillo or even Tom Wolfe/Bret Easton Ellis/DFW. Comedy in fatalism.  
You're treating it like you're superior to the book, and it sounds like you haven't actually read the book. The motorcycle is a metaphor for yourself. I'm not sure how it's about cobbled together junk as you describe it, It's also not about people who are disaffected at all, it had nothing to do with that so I'm not sure where you're coming from. Acting superior is something his former personality did a lot in the book. I'm sorry you feel that way, maybe don't try it again if you're going to try and just rip everything apart. If you think the motorcycle is cobbled together junk, well then... 
Guys like Huangbo and Foyan would probably claim that Quality is at best an expedient to teach the dull and at worst a conceptualization that chains you to dualistic thinking. Quality necessitates the existence of Non-Quality. Zen has no interest in labeling of forms because all forms are void, empty of objective meaning. This negation of forms serves to affirm not the mind that creates Quality, but the mind where Quailty cannot exist. Such a mind is no-mind. 
That is only true of you are from the reader response school of literary criticism. Some of the other schools try to be more objective while others place the work with in a cultural or historical context.   
It's not limited to PhDs. People project all sorts of stuff onto literature. I recall an AP English class in high school where the setting of a fictionalized autobiographical book was between two rivers. One represents life, and the other death, said my professor. Her argument persisted even after I pulled up a map of the actual location, physically located between two rivers in the real world. I had to write three papers through the lens of the rivers of life and death, BSing an author's intent that I knew wasn't true.   Tldr; even educated people don't let facts or unbiased analyses get in the way of their pet interpretations of literature.  
Well put. I was impatient with the philosophy. I wanted story! 
I didn't like how harsh he was to his son, multiple times. Like when they'd drive for hours through freezing fog or something and his kid would be crying and complaining asking for a break. When it said in the postscript that his son had been murdered it made the whole thing even more tragic.  
Could you direct me to a page or a section or a quote from Lila? Something you found fascinating. 
Born in the 80's and had a similar experience.  First read blew my mind.  Some of the philosophical concepts challenged my worldview in ways I had never experienced.  Many years later, I reread it and saw that this book wasn't really about that.  If anything, his philosophy was the antagonist in a story about his struggles to be a good father, and live a good life. 
Tom Wolfe is one of my favorite authors and a friend recommended The Fall to me, so I'll definitely have to check it out.   
This is an important question, because I think that a lot of people aren't super clear on what social constructs are. Here's how I was taught to think about it:  1. Natural kind - the category is determined completely by mind-independent, natural properties.  2. Social Construct - the category may be more is less related to mind-independent natural properties, but it is also determined at least a little bit by us. 3. Pure social construct - a type of social construct in which the category is determined completely by us.  On this view, lots of things are social constructs. Races, genders, and species, at the very least. To me, that doesn't seem like a bad thing to recognize. Then, the debate becomes how close or far they are from pure social constructs.   
Read through the comments here. You will see many people arguing that race is really important and a genetic absolute. Citing laughably archaic schools of thought about skull and brain size to justify pseudo racist babble.  
He literally says that it's known for a long time but has to be spoken out loud on a larger scale.  
In what way did nation-states bring the world prosperity and technological process? Why would the technological and economic progress of the last two centuries not have occured if states had been arranged in a different manner? 
Yeah, I've been noticing some pretty badly misinformed and racist comments. I guess that's justification enough for the post, at least if anyone actually bothers to read the article seriously. I originally meant that it was widely acknowledged in the academic realm, though.  
Again: The claim that X is a social construct is not the claim that X is not real. 
I'm not saying it's racist to acknowledge race... Race is real in the same way that language, culture, and money are real. It exists, but people made it, it wasn't there all along. 
Its about the organisational scale from tribe to village to city to state that allows for greater scientific progress.   
These Schools of thought are archaic because we now have enough evidence to soundly label them as hog wash. 
I would say they archaic because they proved their conclusions using archaic hogwash, whereas now we have much better data to arrive at similar conclusions. 
First of all, can you acknowledge that your claim about "two opposite extremes" was incorrect?  That in fact a continuum can have any number of dimensions?  Second:  It may be arbitrary where you draw a line in edge-cases (if you choose to draw a line in edge cases) but you are trying to use the existence of edge-cases to imply that it's *all* like that, which isn't true.  Edge-cases of mixed-race people aren't representative of the distribution as a whole.  If there's a trimodal distribution in terms of race then you have the three clusters, and then you have some small number of people who sit between the clusters.  But the clusters are real, not "arbitrary."  There is an arbitrariness if you decide to draw a *precise* line around the clusters, but the clustering phenomenon remains objectively real no matter where you draw such a line (which you don't have to do). 
Yes, I acknowledged that in my previous post.  Regarding your second point, you seem to be operating under the assumption that 'mixed-race' people are born from two people that are not 'mixed' from a literal perspective. EVERYONE is at least a little bit mixed-race. There is no such thing as a 'racially pure' person. 
It was 3 am when saw this and now it's 5 am. I haven't slept but I found the meaning of life. Thanks Reddit 
Watch Jordan Peterson's other videos on nihilism if you want to see him completely dissect and refute it. 
For one, the video is a two hour long static master shot.   Like it or not, there is an abundance of content available today, and audiences must compartmentalize what media they consume. Unfortunately, a two-hour long video of a seminar (that is shot rather dull) is not going to reach a broad audience. 
The comment about computers was about how we don't simply filter existing meaning from what we sense.  We take in data but then we use our consciousness to transform that data into "meaning".  Think of it like a painter, he doesn't get the picture from the paint, he creates a picture using the paint. 
I felt like I was watching a three hour version of some the better scenes in Ghost in the Shell. "blah blah blah well Baudrillard said this blah blah that reminds of a quote from Rossaeu okay cool the Bible said this..." I've seen this kind of thing in fiction and I love it, never thought an unscripted conversation between philosophers like that could be possible and so entertaining. 
There is value in listening to educated people because they have had a long time to think and explore these issues. It does not mean that they are automatically an authority and that you should agree with them, but that you get to be in contact with polished ideas which require a lot of reflection to develop and they can be useful to you if you assimilate them after self reflection and critical thought. Imagine someone spent 20 years thinking about an issue and reaching a very interesting conclusion with which you agree. Why not interchange ideas with such a person and save yourself 20 years of your time? My last example is simplistic but it captures what I'm trying to say. 
Translating between languages can lose nuance and meaning. So can translating the words you actually think into the most common words and speech patterns. Because we're familiar with transforming our thoughts into language, a sentence formulated in a specific way in a specific context can convey ideas that a different sentence that means the same exact thing on the surface does not. I doubt they're using certain words just to look smart. They're trying to be understood by each other with as much accuracy and precision as possible. 
Interestingly enough, Dennis McKenna (Terence's brother, a botonist) was a keynote speaker along side Peterson and Vervaeke at a conference revolving the matters of Mind, Consciousness, and Reality. This year's topic was 'Altered States'. 
Have you tried randomly jumping in the video and finding out for yourself? 
Just type in Jordan B Peterson on youtube, he posts all his UofT and Harvard lectures for free, he also has two TedX talks. 
Sorry for being four months late, but I'm really interested, how would you define 'meaning'? I personally see 'meaning' and 'function' as synonyms 
Can't the meaning of life be anything you make it?? 
mp3juices.cc can do long videos, just tried this one and it works. 
The quality gets better around the three minute mark if you didn't make it that far. skip ahead to see what I mean 
Not for the way they define meaning, a definition that they reach by speculating what one truly wants out of that answer. 
You need to be able to show your meaning to others, and try to understand theirs also. 
The key point:  The Western tradition has tended to abstract out meaning from the World. In fact, we are deeply embodied in the World, structuring our very stance towards the meaning. Grave existential crises are balanced against the need to have projects in the World.  The meaning is *how* to interact, the fitting in with the World. We don't see objects, we see meaning.  See:  Merleau-Ponty  Phenomenology of Perception  Russon The Self and Its Body in Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit    
Humans live in two different worlds, reality and meaning/metaphors. Distinguishing what is real, can help us understand the opposite better.  
They idea was physical insofar as it had physical representation inside a physical mind. 
One night I woke with an image of old friend in distress, I could see him clinching his teeth and grabbing his chest. Half asleep I felt prompted to pray for him. The next day in the afternoon, I asked my friend who works with him if John was okay and i told him about what I saw the night before. Kev said John didn't show up to work that he had to go to the hospital because of heart palpitations.  How in the world could science even begin to explain how that whole thing happened?  
No surprise at all that people aren't watching it, what I find funny is the relatively high number of votes and that it's on the front page, despite that fact that hardly anyone is watching it. 
It's philosophy dude, not science. The entire point is to cherry pick and come up with an interesting idea. 
Thanks much. There's always a little pleasure in knowing you share a similar journey with another, even when the journey is one of struggle.  Good luck to you as well! :) 
Definitely will. I still need to watch the last hour of this one haha. Lots to take in! 
You're absolutely welcome. It makes me happy to know that I could make a difference for you, no you go do the same for someone else. :) 
Apparently it does happen (corroborated by many people).  Now I feel like I missed out in my college career, because I never once had a lecturer so good that they consistently got applause.  I don't recall any regular lecturer even once getting applause, just guest lecturers. 
They use difficult language because they want to express their ideas in the clearest way possible.  
Interdasting..  Determinism is exactly what I'm talking about. Thanks for the info and the suggestion! I'll definitely be looking into his novels here very soon. 
Paradoxical how?  The way I see it, if you were to flip a coin and pause that moment an 8th of a second after that quarter left the tip if your thumb and calculated all of the forces that were exerting themselves on that quarter from launch to landing, you could predict whether it would land on heads or tails 100% of the time.  Kinda like weather forecasting. With enough information and time to process it, we could predict the weather with certainty. People aren't different in that respect - we just need more information and time to make an accurate prediction. 
Vervaeke, I have him for cog250. Really interesting class. I'll let him know 
I agree. Usually when a word is seen as "big," it is because this particular word has a very specific meaning and is used rarely. Speaking with this kind of vocabulary allows an oral lecturer to be quite specific with their intent, avoiding confusing and adding detail to their lessons.  
Yah, it didn't seem to with the few places I tried so I thought i would ask. 
Ah, ok. I'll give it a look. It was still bad when I clicked around but that may have just been because it was loading in SQ. 
Seriously these comments are driving me crazy. They lay out in the first 15 minutes why the question of there being **the** meaning of life is redundant and not useful.  Their subsequent discussion of how people interact with meaning in their day to day lives is fascinating. The observation, though not a new one, about not being able to chose what gives you meaning I always think is thought provoking.  
"What is the meaning if life?" is meaningless because of how non-soecific it is. You're not discussing anything besides a pure opinion. However, this isn"t true for all subjective questions. "What is the best form if government?" is meaningful because, although subjective, its asking about specific systems and structures that can be analyzed. People can derive different opinions from that analysis, but there's an actual framework for discussion.  If you want to ask "What is the meaning of life?" then the first question you have to answer is "What things does every person alive derive meaning from?" That question is impossible to answer. "42" is as reasonable solution as anything else. 
So what? In other words the meaning of life is what you want out of it? 
With all the writing done in this sub it's strange you're downvoted without a response. 
no, its that reproduction is not a meaning of life for you. 
I don't understand what you're saying. First, do you think the philosophical implications of quantum mechanics are moot? And second, I don't think   "I would say on a topic like this whether you allude to quantum physics or ancient myth to illustrate your point doesn't really make a difference. It's more about what point you're trying to make and if it's a good one. "  Is accurate. Not all evidence is created equal. Obviously how much value one gives a certain type of evidence/support is subjective, but still. To say "it doesn't really make a difference" seems to generalize something that can't be generalized. 
If you go up to a woman in your classroom and say "man, him, dude" over and over as a teacher, after they have asked you to stop and refer to them as a woman, is that appropriate? You would rightfully have administrative action taken against you.  This is the exact equivalent of what is happening to these people who identify differently than traditionally. If a professor makes a mistake or two, no one really cares. If they stubbornly keep referring to someone as "him" when they have corrected the professor time and time again, the professor is obviously making an attempt to be hostile. 
Well, you have to observe that you mentioned different kinds of relationships. Human relationships are very different from the electromagnetical relationship between two atoms. 
One dream is a coincidence. Get back to us when you have had a pattern of dreams that come true. Even the most fantastically unlikely things happen... there are billions of people with multiple dreams per night over collectively billions of nights. It is inevitable that some will coincide with reality to a degree, because we worry about things in dreams and they are usually things worth worrrying about, like plane crashes if you are about to fly... It's like a blade of grass saying "what are the odds that the golf ball would land on me?"... the odds are astronomical, but it isn't relevant to anything, since there are millions of blades of grass.  Tl;DR winning the lottery doesn't make you psychic. 
It's painfully obvious that most commenters are just trying to dissect the video without making it passed the title or first two minutes. 
You are quite welcome, and I'm super glad someone enjoyed it, because I love writing parables. Thinking of making a novelty account for it.  The main thought that's helped me out is to just be continually improving, little by little, whether it's better organizing my stuff one day or learning about something useful another day, or making myself work on what I know should be chipped away at the next. It doesn't make any difference where I'm at in the grand scope of things, compared to others, or compared to where I think I ought to be--only that I keep on improving, slowly and surely. There's something very calming about this line of thought. It removes pressures, for me. Hopefully it will for you. 
Realy? The only professors I have ever known of that could make people clap (outside of a one time seminar or something), the majority of their students hated. That said, I am in a very technical field so maybe it just doesn't translate, but it does feel like something that happens more in intro classes than high classes. 
Sometimes that it true, other times it's not. I'll have to find a good example of a pretentious music essay so people will have a better understanding of what I'm talking about. 
There's a difference between techno-jargon in a given field, and attempts to deliberately make your language sound elevated through needless complication. I was talking about the latter. 
No, I think they're talking about things you just don't understand and as a way of rationalizing that you just say it's stupid.  
Now go talk to physicists about tha determinism :D 
Other than mindfulness meditation and the like, what variable adjustments are you alluding to here? Increasing the odds of Relevance Realization sounds great, but for many people (in practice) the signal-to-noise ratio of modern life (with modern media) makes EVERYTHING salient; suddenly you're left either emptying your mind and feeling like you've won because finally the noise has stopped (so you must have reached enlightenment) or you try to spread yourself thin enough to cover all of the noise and pick up the vibrations of everything, trying to discern the good vibrations from the bad. Even then, though, you're lost trying to determine which ones are more valuable than others. You can determine which ones tickle, and try to mute the rest, but then there's always something shiny just in your periphery... 
Yeah, but what we want out of it is not an easy thing to answer.  They aren't talking about conscious choice or arbitrary preference but on immutable aspects of human nature that truly drive us.  At least for the kind of "wanting" they are talking about. 
Maybe I'm using the term "question begging" incorrectly?  I thought it applied here since the question "what is the meaning of life" automatically assumes that life *has* a meaning. Which seems to generally fit the definitions I've seen. 
So if someone discovers a highly effective treatment for cancer which saves many lives, but they don't have kids, then their life was meaningless? Lol fuck offff trying to act like the biggest question to ever plague mankind is that simple to answer. You can leave a mark on the world outside of creating another human. 
I thought Quantumtroll and the poster he's responding to were saying something different: i.e., whatever level of description one is using to describe X, you're still describing something real (all things considered). So human relationships wouldn't be very different from atomic relationships *mutatis mutandis*.  Besides, if you can find a way to describe human relationships vis-a-vis biology (or whatever, pick your privileged level of reduction), you can then pretty much find a way to describe them via however "low" you want to go. 
It seems like you're just assuming Dennett should be guilty of this.  I don't think Dennett has any problem saying that consciousness is an emergent property, and that emergent properties are real.  Denying specific claims about consciousness (like inherent subjectivity of Qualia) is *not* the same as saying consciousness doesn't exist because it's not fundamental enough.  I think Chalmers and other panpsychists run more afoul of this.  The belief that emergent phenomena aren't "real enough" directly drives the logic that consciousness/qualia must be fundamental in order for it to be "real."  So I guess Dogmatic Materialism isn't a good term, because it implies that it's tied to materialism.  But dualists can run equally afoul of it. 
Having watched the entire video, and having thoroughly enjoyed it, I would have to concur with criticism of the title as somewhat bombastic. 
The idea of continuously seeking to improve gets thrown around quite a bit, and really succumbs to dilution after hearing it so many times. The way you put it really does a nice job of adding weight to the prospect.   Forward thinking does wonders for keeping the mind away from dark corridors, though I don't want to rely on it solely, it still provides me with ways to stay positive. I think your words lend a nice pathway to always moving forward. If I focus on bettering myself in any way possible, each and every day, I feel a level of fulfillment while also keeping the sights aimed forward and not backward.  
Pardon me, I didn't say *anything at all* about the topic. Nor do you have any reason to believe I don't understand it.  Perhaps you should re-read my original comment more closely? 
I don't know. It still seems to me that the comparison differs not in level of description, but in nature.  It's like when they say that love is a powerful force. It's not a literal physical force, it's a metaphorical one, even though it causes changes in reality in some way. 
I never stated anything about the "realness" of both relationships.  I just stated that they are different in NATURE, not in DEGREE. My opinion, of course. I can't really compare one to the other the same way...  I gave an example to some other guy: "love is a powerful force". It's not really a force, with vector and scalar value. It's more of a metaphor that we invented using the power of analogy. 
"It seems like you're just assuming Dennett should be guilty of this."  I was addressing of how Dennett is perceived I think, in that there are many people who would consider him a dogmatic materialist. And that being the case, he still acknowledges emergent phenomena as you suggest, which indicates that perhaps being a dogmatic materialist is not sufficient to form the attitudes about what is "real" being discussed here. Hopefully my thinking makes sense, and we might even be saying the same thing? I dunno, Godspeed owl man. 
Mm, yes, shallow and pedantic.   I'm automatically suspicious of any topic on this sub with over 200 upvotes. Can we all agree the Reddit format doesn't exactly mesh with a vibrant philosophical discussion? This sub is a failed experiment.  
If you had put just a modicum of effort into reading what I wrote you might have noticed I specifically said it's *not* a problem of measurement. I know I didn't present a convincing self contained argument, but I simply can't give you years of physics education in a nice neat reddit comment. If you want to understand these topics you have to put in the work. 
Yeah, Dogmatic Materialism *sounds* like something Dennett should be guilty of.  Which makes it a bad term for the kind of ontological fundamentalism /u/neotropic9 is objecting to. 
Back in law school the whole lecture hall would clap damn near every time?? 
You're talking about real science. What 'advances' have we made in philosophy in the last 20 years?   And by advances i mean things that have any actual effect on people's day to day lives (like a measles vaccine), not the creation of yet another masturbatory, useless philosophical theory. 
Seriously? I have never experienced this. Was it kind of a Tradition to clap after a lecture? Or were your lectures all just good enough for a spontaneous clap? 
Let me turn that around on you. How many advances have we made in physics in the last 20 years that affect everyone's day to day lives?  As I said before, philosophy is quite different from hard sciences in that it does not have that direct correlation to what happens in the world. Philosophy is used in every Supreme Court decision ever made as well as used in creating and reforming of governments across the world. I realy do agree with you that philosophy has become too much of a circle jerk, but I don't feel it's useless like you do. 
They were usually really good. Not clapping was seen as disrespectful if a professor had just been busting his ass for you for two hours... Some of the professors didn't give a shit though and we didn't clap for them. 
Hey i should answer your question because you didn't answer mine!   Good luck in school this year... 
Don't worry I'm two years into my degree. Still even saying that to him implies his appeal to ignorance is valid. 
When someone points out a flaw in your assumption in generally requires addressing.  And will do. The grant my research is funded by is up for renewal and they recently cut the funding for our Aero department, so it maybe interesting... 
What about efficiency? For example if someone is making a claim that is difficult to immediately verify, and I know that he/she is quite unintelligent and/or uninformed (or he/she has made an overwhelming number of incorrect claims in the past), so I just assume that the new claim is likely false. Basically "all of your previous claims have been false and I know you are not qualified to speak on this topic, so I am going to assume that your new claim is false (unless/until I become aware of evidence to the contrary)." Is this not a good practice to engage in?  
That's big when arguing with climate deniers. I brought it up with a co worker/ Trump supporter yesterday. The first complaint he made was that it had been politicized. I agreed and tried to discuss the science with him. All he would do is repeat Obama says this and Al Gore predicted that and Leonardo DiCaprio is a hypocrite. I just kept saying, "Yeah I'll give you that they're all hypocrites, but that doesn't mean anything about the science!"   No use.  
Right, there's a difference between 'you're a prick so you're wrong' and 'you're wrong because of x reason, and you're also a prick' 
The genetic fallacy is when you evaluate a position based on how likely the source is to know whether that position is true or valid. While technically a fallacy, it is amazingly useful in practice.  The ad hominem fallacy is when you evaluate a position based on irrelevant characteristics of the source. While a fallacy, it can sometimes be useful -- for instance, if someone seems like they're generally deceitful or manipulative, it would be wise to ignore what they say. 
Trump won this because of all of the name calling, and because the left refused to admit their own poop stinks. I've got a big mix of supporters on my social feeds and usually the conversation went like this:  "But the DNC cheated Bernie..." LALALA CANT HEAR YOU  "I have some issues with Hillary's thoughts on..." LALALA WOMAN HATER  "I don't think Trump actually wants to..." RACIST  I think this is less Ad Hominem and more identity politics, really. You're bucketizing people constantly, and then using those buckets to promote your agenda and ignore other people's opinion.  
Except the problem is that when you are talking about ideologies, you can't just say "no that's wrong and you are an idiot for thinking that", because it's all completely subjective, and if you verbally mine away at someone positions without trying to explain why they are (supposedly) wrong, what position *can* they take other than putting their foot down and saying that they are not wrong and not an idiot? By using Ad Hom without refuting the argument, you're far more likely to turn believers into zelots because many feel that they have to double down on their beliefs when those beliefs as well as the content of their very character are under attack.  Even if you don't agree with me, do you honestly think that if I had just responded to you with "fuck you, you are a fucking moron", that would've been better? 
Strawman?  A strawman is when you construct an example that your argument defeats, usually by misrepresenting their argument in some way.  An example would be if someone tells you that we should increase education spending, and your response is to say so that means you want Russia to invade western Europe because we'd have to cut defense spending. 
That is a different form of fallacy called argument ad verecundiam, or argument that is based on authority.  
We do this with a program called VideoScribe, by Sparkol. Great program!  We *did* it because we thought it looked cool. But we now think that *not* doing it looks even cooler.  So we no longer do this. 
Any accusation of racism is by definition an ad hominem attack, if the purpose is to argue against what is being claimed.  A statement is not false purely by virtue of it casting a demographic group in an unfavorable light.    That being said, it is not an ad hominem attack to argue that we shouldn't vote for a candidate who consistently makes unfounded and insulting remarks about large groups of people. 
The ad hominem fallacy is committed when a claim wrongly attacks an opponent, rather than that opponent's argument.  Here, "wrongly" doesn't mean "ineffectively".  A claim wrongly attacks an opponent when the claim doesn't bear on whether the opponent's argument is good or bad.  An ad hominem argument can be effective (persuasive) without bearing on whether the opponent is in fact right or wrong. 
There a common misunderstanding of what the appeal to authority fallacy is. An authority on a topic by its very nature is something we can appeal to to inform us of something that is true. It becomes fallacious when it's not a *valid* authority on the topic discussed.  When debating or discussing a topic, it's perfectly rational to point to the work of authorities in the relevant field. But it becomes a fallacy when you point to a dentist's opinion on genetic research, for example. 
Failing to win an argument and having your opponent refuse to engage in an argument are different things. 
They can be!  There is a fallacy called "ad feminam", which is committed whenever someone argues that a claim must be false *simply because* the person making the claim is a woman.  Similarly, arguing that someone making a claim must be wrong *simply because* they are/aren't X (some gender, race, ethnicity, etc.) is fallacious.  It's worth pointing out that someone's claim *may* be wrong for reasons related to whether they are X.  For instance, it might be that a privileged person's claims about certain marginalized groups are wrong; perhaps this is because the privileged person simply doesn't have access to the facts about what it's like to be marginalized, and so doesn't have an informed view.  In this case the privileged person making the claim is wrong *because*, but not *simply* because, they aren't marginalized 
We embrace fallacies for usefulness all the time. Logic is not about usefulness. 
Right, the internet gets this wrong all the time. Insulting someone isn't *ad hominem* unless the insult **is** your argument. Insulting someone in the midst of your argument might make you a jerk, but it's not fallacious. 
I guess a particularly bad argument could be used as evidence to argue someone is an idiot without committing a fallacy.  
Well several people have disagreed with what I said, and concluded that the video agreed with them.  I don't know that what the video is arguing matters to me, even though I did watch it twice. 
It does create a trust issue.  If someone tells one some fact that one does not have the skills and resources to verify oneself (or at least do so in a reasonable amount of time), and then they act in a way that seems contrary to the fact, one could question if they should believe the fact.  Now, this is an idealized simplistic case, with a single entity telling of a single fact who then shows a clear contradiction in behavior, where an issue such as climate change is a massive network of entities at different levels of trustworthiness (both objectively and subjectively) giving different amounts of information and acting in many different ways.  The end result I have personally seen is that many seek out the patterns from the overwhelming amount of data (all the data from that web of interactions, not just scientific data) that aligns with their own views.  I'm not sure how to work around that issue. 
To be fair, it could be perfectly valid for someone to be labeled a hypocrite; *tu quoque* just comes into play when the fact that someone is a hypocrite is used to say that their argument is invalid. That's not to say their argument is necessarily valid -- their hypocrisy is just irrelevant to its validity.  
Why not stop at 'you're wrong because of x reason' and not be a prick? Pricks call other people pricks. 
I don't like my emotions getting the better of me, but on occasion it happens and I regret it. We all have things we need to improve on.   There are some forms of ignorance I do think deserve public shaming though. Holocaust denial, Slavery and racism apologetics. I don't think white supremacist, antisemitic ideas should be tolerated by our culture. I'm all for the first amendment and not having the government regulate speech, but I do think it should seriously harm your reputation in our society to be a Neo-nazi, KKK, etc.  
The US president does have executive power though, including being commander-in-chief, thus being in control of the biggest army in the world.  He'll be taking real decisions, in which case his image will be a lot less relevant. 
In other words, you are hoping that Trump lied every second of his campaign and actually wants to eliminate discrimination and poverty despite running for the party that most derides social welfare programs and campaigning in a way that got him an endorsement from the head of the KKK.  I'm in awe of your optimism. 
I think it's just as insulting to portray the left as all ignorant idiots who silence their opposition. 
Maybe people should have talked about policies more than they talked about racism. Trump says something offensive and his opponent forgets all about policy. 
Yes, I think the majority voted for him based on policies 
...or it means those people are actually racist, homophobic, and sexist, and we should definitely be calling them out for it (and consistently presenting proof they haven't changed their ways) lest people forget.  Capitalism isn't inherently racist per say, but it does allow the very rich to take advantage of the very poor and tends to further disadvantage those at the bottom. In America, this tends to be minorities, so people will say that capitalism is racist because it further disadvantages minorities.  Capitalism might be fucked but it's not racist.  & while it's important not to throw words like 'racist, homophobic, sexist' around, it's fair enough if you can show the person actually acts that way. They should be labeled as they are - at least, as long as they continue to consistently act that way. 
the context here was that the idiot's arguments were already put down with factual critique (not opinion) and thus proving his idiocy.  then the claim is made further that he is indeed and idiot and deserving of no further consideration. 
Okay thankyou, idk why I said scarecrow... I just know I used to get them confused. 
I would seriously like an explanation of that because I would be open to changing my view if I'm wrong. However, I did say that the statement was false because it provided no empirical evidence so it had to come from personal experience which is inherently biased. Making judgments against groups based on biased personal experiences is by definition racist (or at least prejudiced).  
So if it 'rightfully' attacks an opponent, it is no longer a fallacy? And if the aim is to persuade (ie win the argument) then does it matter (in a non-philosophical context) if the person is attacked rather than the argument?  Obviously the difference is that by attacking the argument we are able to have a conversation, while attacking the person halts this debate. However when there is no conversation possible (if this person maintains absolute power over the conversation by sitting at the top of the top-down communication) then where does that leave the argument? 
Well yes its perfectly rational to use the authority of experts to help establish facts. But I always thought the fallacy refers to the assertion that an argument is sound *because* an authority says so. It excuses the unsound logic by glossing the argument over with the presumption of validity based on who makes it. Its sort of the opposite of the ad hominem, Instead of stating the argument is wrong based on who made it, its states that the argument is right because of who made it.  So for example a doctor can establish that marijuana causes idk...XYZ, but that doesn't mean that he can then assert "and therefore it should be illegal". So if in a debate I say to you  "Even doctors say it should be illegal, I think they know a lot more about the health effects than you" The answer should be "Yes they know more about the health effects, that doesn't necessarily mean that it should be illegal".  
Well, there is a point when you have them between people who are sparing in their wrongness.  But I actually agree with you, and your point makes the ad hominem even less offensive.  It actually *is* relevant if someone is *usually* wrong, so saying such is meaningful if the discussion is on something with any nuance at all.  Moreover, I think people are far too apt to call "ad hominem" as a *defense of their own argument* rather than trotting out facts.  As in "you used an ad hominem, therefore I don't have to defend my argument." 
But this isn't really a logical fallacy, it's more like a rule of thumb. People are often too quick to just rattle off a list of them with no explanation, usually because they take the word "fallacy" to mean that it's never a valid way to argue. The subtleness of informal fallacies means that people often see them when they aren't really there.  *ad hominem* is probably the biggest offender when it comes to incorrect accusations, whereas the fallacy of composition is hardly ever used incorrectly in comparison. In my experience anyway. 
Why would it make a difference? Wouldn't an argument like that require some kind of very tangible proof - *extraordinary evidence requires extraordinary proof*, or something along those lines. I don't understand what makes ad hominem fallacies an "excellent" heuristic in this case? without any proof you wouldn't be the wiser about aliens, wether its Neil De Grasse Tyson or someone else who told you about them.       How do you judge whose claims to take seriously and whose to reject?  
That's not true. If a person exists who is 100% wrong about everything (and you know this with 100% certainty), and you use that as your reason why we shouldn't listen to that person, then it's valid. It's more about relevance, here. If my attack on you pertains directly to the argument at hand, then it's not fallacious reasoning. 
I watched for 6 minutes and all he said was common sense (which's what summed), so I don't know. 
Good point. Another fallacy to watch out for is "Appeal to authority". Just because an authority says something is so, doesn't make it so. 
Well when communication breaks down, and one side of the debate explains a concept in layman's terms, but the other side responds with  'I won't even talk about that, the earth is 10,000 years old', a wall has been hit.  The topic of discussion is no longer center stage, and this other person's ego is.  Well insults have this way with egos.... 
Considering the responsibilities of the office that he has been elected to; those qualities are indeed relevant because he will ultimately be representing the same people he has shown contempt for time and time again. Ergo, calling him a racist, sexist bigot isn't an ad hominem when used in broader discussion about the election. However, if the discussion is about some specific aspect of his platform that has nothing to do with social policy, then it would become ad hominem.  The election is over. Is there really any point in being belligerent and hostile to anyone who doesn't agree with you? 
So his record of "stupid decisions" might be worth examining before he's handed the launch codes?  
I think these characteristics you suggest are not really common in presidents. Yes, they most certainly may act like they are these things. However, many times a certain degree of sociopathy or detachment is required to even reach the loftier positions of power. 
Plato didn't have to deal with first past the post voting. 
I've realized from this comment and others that there's a distinction to be made between *moral* character traits and *effectiveness* character traits. The former are like respectfulness, compassion, valuing human life. The latter include maintaining a cool temper, making tough decisions, and being able to fake the former if you lack those traits genuinely.   I'd amend my statement to say that *moral* character traits are not actually relevant to the role of president, but their image is, and *effectiveness* character traits are very relevant. 
He's been an entertainer throughout his campaign. People were impressed by the braggadocio and the outrageousness, and he played up to that image. Clearly this was a campaign strategy.  That kind of reality TV act might win votes, but he's a statesman now. It's not quite that "he's got what he wanted" - he *can't* carry on with that behaviour now. 
Obviously not all of them do that, but that's how a large amount of people on the left were. People who supported Trump often hid it because they knew they'd be vilified. I can't really say the same about Clinton supporters. If anything, they behaved like it was a witchunt. 
She put out a lot of detailed policy. She brought up policy in stump speeches and during debates. Sometimes, during the debates I thought she was getting too into the weeds with policy and people would get bored. I'm guessing other people thought this as well  The media decided to spend a lot of time talking about emails instead - there was little she can do about that. 
Probably because a scarecrow is a literal strawman: something bullshit meant to distract and confuse. A fake person meant to cause certain winged pests to think a predator (human) is manning the field, but the predator never moves. 
You're both mostly right!  Pointing out that someone is a hypocrite is an ad hominem only if it's argued that they're wrong *simply because* they're a hypocrite.  A hypocrite could be right! 
I typically only use an ad hominem attack when I no longer wish to deconstuct the opponents argument. I use the falacy as a heuristic approch to spend my time arguing wisly. If a person is wrong frequently, or is an idiot, I presume I could defeat their argument If I wanted, but my time is better spent defeating arguments elsewhere.  For example. A friend tells me that a News Commentator claimed that something is true, and because of that this thing will happen. I have experience with the commentator being an idiot, and disregard the news.   The more certainty that the commentator is an idiot, the better the result. Although it does not touch the argument, only puts it to the side. If another commentator who I do not find to be an idiot says the same thing, the argument is the same, and then I will evaluate it. Of course if this happens often, my opinion of the first commentator goes up, and the rate at which I evaulate his arguments goes up.    
The problem is when it is "turtles all the way down". If every argument is met with a new departure from reality, you won't make any headway, and most likely it isn't worth the effort.  
I agree, but not everyone views them as different things. 
I see it as the traditional:  1. Do Thing 2. ???? 3. Profit  Where 3 is the conclusion, 1 is the premise, 2 is the argument.   Or I'd also say using logical fallacies is like writing 2 + 'IGNORE THIS PART, TRUST ME IT WORKS' = 5 
Accusing people of committing fallacies they haven't committed is not a fallacy in itself? What is it exactly? 
It would still be fallacious IMO it just wouldn't be wrong. Fallacies can be made in arguments with correct conclusions.  If this hypothetical person is always wrong then there is something wrong with the argument that you can point out. You may know something is wrong because this person is making the argument, but saying it is wrong because this person must be wrong would still be a fallacy. Since you aren't pointing out a flaw in the argument. 
Ok. He's not an idiot.   There, now you have all your work ahead of you to prove otherwise.  
My understanding is that an ad-hominem occurs when someone is said to be wrong because of some quality about them. When is such an inference not fallacious? 
I mostly meant this as a response to the point by /u/FancyAssortedCashews  He states that character isn't relevant to the role of the president of the US, which I disagree with on the basis of the US president having real executive power, and I'd think it a reasonable assumption that his real character is going to be very relevant to actual decision-making.  For example, suppose a US asset in the middle east gets bombed, and initial suspicion is towards some group. Later on, however, it turns out to be a false-flag operation by some other group.  If he turns out to be a very impulsive president, he might give the order of retaliating towards that first group, while someone else might wait to be more certain. That is a place where his real character is going to matter a lot.  (Please note that I'm also not arguing that is percieved charater is irrelevant, I think both percieved and actual character matter.) 
It's dangerous to assume that there is a better man inside him.  The American people voted for a certain man, that man is now our president. 
You're mistaken.    1. Saying there is an implied "instead" is nonsense.  It's ineffective communication.  There's no context for me to have any clue what you're talking about.  2. All character evidence submitted to prove the matter asserted is ad hominem.  Not all ad hominem arguments are fallacious.  3. I agree that there is no fallacy when using ad hominem arguments to prove good or bad character, to suggest someone may be lying, or to give credibility to a claim, such as asserting one's expertise.  It's when you use character evidence to prove something unrelated, such as to prove someone committed a crime, that the ad hominem argument is fallacious, which is why it is inadmissible in court.  Remember, some character evidence is admissible, when the ad hominem argument is not fallacious. 
This is very Bayesian. This Bayesian heuristic lets us live our lives without becoming a nervous mess of indecision.  
It's a total waste of time, but after explaining what an ad hominem is, you could deconstruct theirs using the format in the video and their argument as an example. Then take a talking point from their side (assuming you know it), deconstruct it similary to highlight the difference between an ad hominem and a legitimate technique, and then refute the talking point anyway.   You're basically debating against yourself. I did this before I realized most people don't really care, so there is a lot of radio silence and people responding but outright ignoring that section anyway. Definitely not worth the one insightful discussion. 
The comment you replied to is discussing only formal logic, so a very obviously false premise and very obviously true conclusion were chosen. 
Even five year olds understand the concept of the Boy who Cried Wolf. If your argument depends on the actual *credibility* of the other person, then it is a logical argument to question that. Many arguments rely on someone pulling facts out of their ass Ken M style, at which point the argument is no longer about logic but about credibility. If someone makes a series of obviously false, bad faith, irrational claims and arguments, then you no longer have to give 'benefit of the doubt' by default to any further claims they make. It's perfectly logical and justified in that case.  ad hominem attacks aren't about that. Just showing how it's not automatically ad hominem to discount new witness testimony based on their previous unreliability. 
I don't think you understand what bankruptcy is exactly. Look up Chapter 11. 
So...You just explained what you perceive as his faults. Why would you need to use an ad hominem? 
Agree, I think it's almost inevitable. People will say he turned out to be "just another politician" if he doesn't exercise his executive powers to magically fix everything, congress be damned. 
We are literally in a topic about the use of "the ad hominem fallacy". You are literally being disingenuous and subscribing to some literal use of the latin phrase to be right on a technicality. 
The example being extreme doesn't make it less true in less extreme cases. If you don't put forward a sound argument, your discussion partner's position needn't be swayed 
You mean Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code under which debtors file for bankruptcy? 
One wouldn't, and if one isn't, of what relevance is an explanation of what ad hominems are? 
Ad hominem fallacy is the basis behind character evidence being inadmissible in a court of law.  Some ad hominem arguments are fallacious.  Others are not. 
It's proving your reasoning for disgarding the persons claim, if they have an argument in favour of their claim, you have to disprove that too.  Also it's nicer, which you should consider a good thing. 
No, that's now what I meant at all, I meant a different Chapter 11 that refers to bankrupcy. :) 
Better arguments may be found in Haidt, et. al., I think. 
Nice, I'll check it out. Thanks for the recommend! 
To be fair,a lot of philosophical thought is pretty esoteric these days. And for the layman, even epistemology gets pretty tortuous the deeper into it you go. It's hard to do if you don't have a serious background in philosophy or a related field. 
I think you overestimate most people's ability to admit and accept when they are wrong.  At least here in the US, it is embedded into our psyche that being wrong is not an option.  Fake it till you make it is a result of this.  But people are faking it so hard, that they've lost touch with reality, and truly believe that they've already made it when they haven't got a clue. 
I agree with the majority of what you said, but coming from an undergraduate majoring in philosophy, my academic cohort has got to be some of the least empathetic, dogmatic, holier-than-thou people I have ever met.   Not saying that all who study philosophy are like that, but rather that empathy and confessing ignorance are not emphasized whatsoever, at least in my department. 
Also the humanities can do this too! If you read a book, instead of writing a book summary, write a book critique. "What was happening at the time the author wrote it? What social events or norms were going on? What greater themes or motifs? What is the moral? What would be different about the book if it were written in this time period rather than that time period? Do you disagree or agree with the author and why?"   Critical thinking isn't exclusive to one class, but a journey's worth of introspection and inquiry.  
Exactly what kind of school are you going to? I have never heard of a school that didn't offer the opportunity to put forward a course plan for approval. Might take longer than just selecting it, but you should consider asking an advisor about options.   But as a political scientist, we have a ton of philosophy, so you might be on to something there. Maybe I should start telling people I have two concentrations.   Overall though, I think that a lack of a doctorate for plain philosophy doesn't herald the end times of free thought. Or just a limitation of your university.  
Why do we need to reject nominalism (and what kind of nominalism)? Also, there are pretty much no Certasians around anymore, so it's basically rejected anyways. 
No, it's a phenomena throughout the western world. In short, it's just yet another wave of reactionism. 
to be frank many people still have considerable problems dealing with the is/ought distinction, which is as basic as it is important 
Thank you. I cannot emphasize this enough. My dad kept drilling in me as a teen that "being wrong is not bad. In fact being wrong is good if you learn from it". As an adult I evolved that into "screw up quickly so your through put, quality and efficiency improve". We Americans suck at this in general and am happy I have a boss that gets this and doesn't get on you unless you repeat the same mistake. Sorry for the digression but if just one person can shed their guilty feelings when they make a mistake, I'll be glad I put this out on the big bulletin board. Thanks again for your post. 
I think you're vastly overestimating the degree to which most people's life experience reflects your own. A lot of kids get the phrase "shut the hell up" thrown at them on a daily basis, but very few subtle causal analyses. And maybe the TV you're watching involves distinguishing the two, but "at least once in every show" is obviously not the case.  More broadly - education is where people are supposed to learn those things that 'everyone knows'. That's the whole point of it.  
The logical fallacies seem like common sense when you see them in a course or book, described in clear terms with simple examples. But when they hit you along with all the complexities of real life, and they are endorsing your side of the debate, it's amazing how they can pass unnoticed. 
Well it certainly wouldn't alleviate all of the ills and character flaws that plague mankind, not even close. Honestly my only hope would be that it improve the quality of conversation by giving people the tools needed. 
Yes, i agree that a lack of philosophy isn't the only contributing factor, and i can only hypothesize as to what the long term effects on society would be. But when i think about all the possible subjects that are or could be taught in school, philosophy seems to be one of the most useful and relevant, yet it is almost 100% absent. 
Depending on her age - I would check out Sophie's World. It's not going to have the depth of a textbook or anything, but it's a novel about the history of Western philosophy.   There might be some inaccuracies in there - but for the general brush strokes of philosophy it's pretty good. And with it being written as a novel - there's some level of adventure, mystery, etc. in there.  That would be a book I would assign to high schoolers if I were to teach philosophy. Not the only one, mind you before anyone gets too annoyed with me. 
And yet the meat does walk and talk.  What a strange thing to arise from the void.  Perhaps the void is literally not there, so to speak.  :) 
I agree.  I do think that the strengthening of reason outweighs the responsive strengthening of its enemies.  But we must also understand that the horrors of an intellectualized tyrant are creative and deep while those of a mere barbarian are wide and shallow.    Philosophy is a bold and courageous thing, because you will find unsuspected nightmares (that you realize with dawning horror will be considered as beautiful dreams by monstrous people) in addition to the wonders and heights. 
Yea I just ignored the part about the "post truth" because, I found it meaningless. Maybe I shouldn't have done that. I assumed the focus was on using illusory rhetoric to hypnotize the unwitting masses. I sorta instinctively over looked the first part because, I didn't think it mattered.    I'm not really sure what was meant by post-truth. What do you mean by redesigned? 
The problem is that those informal fallacies are badly abused by people  on the internet. I probably should have said commonly misused instead of commonly used. I would argue that the reason they are misused is because people don't understand the formal logic that underpins them.  I do agree with your point that predicate logic and symbolic logic AR far too involved for most people and completely unnecessary. I was thinking more of classical term logic, which is really much intuitive and in line with how people actually speak.   I don't disagree with the importance of understanding emotional appeals, and I would add that we should also include ethical appeals as well.  These were especially at play with Trump who is constantly touting himself as a man of great courage and integrity, right down to his angry squinting eyes.   
That's what makes Socrates and Plato so important. Before, people just went on the "makes sense to me" principle, which can result in people believing all sorts of stuff.  Now those principles are embedded in our legal systems, and in our scientific institutes, and it's about time for them to go mainstream. 
Those are some big words, but I maintain that good parenting is what kids need.   Parents can be creative, curious, encouraging, and patient to precisely the degree that kids need. While they may not make the same jumps of fantasy a child does, they can certainly follow along and join in. And while children can be inventive and lack organization in their thinking, there are systems of virtue and knowledge that work well and should be taught to them. Finally, if left to their own devices, they are likely to be unethical, immortal little brats, and need to have good behavior trained and enforced.   Perhaps school and computers can make parents more effective and efficient, but no program short of a superhuman general purpose AI can be improvement on parents. 
I read this when I was young, it's a great introduction to philosophy. 
Had seen that somewhere else but had forgotten till now. Cheers I assume you mean the school of life i.e. The development of emotional intelligence?? 
I see no reason why that changes anything. Yes you might get more amoral people with an affinity for nihilism, but if there was no concept of nihilism these people would still be amoral. In the subset of the general populace, nihilism doesn't mean you'll simply become amoral. 
Garbage in garbage out. It's not a limit but an error. If I use the equation correctly the error should not occur. 
Your mistake is to assume that the walking and talking isn't part of the void. 
I'm no teacher either haha. My highest level for education is an incomplete MA in Religion.  But that's just a book I recommend for everyone. I had my wife read it while we were dating... 
yup, as well as some of Allen De bottom's books like the consolation of philosophy. 
I suppose I'm abusing the word nihilist when I mean "misosopher." 
How can a thing be part of nothing?  That's gibberish. 
you're obviously only volunteering there to get close to the food supply and poison all the homeless 
what do you mean by void and why do you assume the void is nothing? there's a lot of stuff happening in empty space. 
Not to drop physics into a philosophy conversation, but "empty" space is not empty.  There's no such thing as nothing in empirical science, and the concept doesn't really work in philosophy either. 
I never want to argue with a philosopher who believes in his own theories. It would be pointless. I've had that discussion with myself before. My theories are logical, backed, and are even evident in day to day life. But I *can not* be certain because I am not all knowing. I became an agnostic early on in life because of that same reason. Science is the same way. It's theory, not fact. Political science is rumor, not truth.  Remember: All it takes is a needle to pop a balloon. 
A number of them seemed like "pure science policy".  All I can envision there is like almost extremist version of all science society.  We need a science tempered society, one where scientific research and evidence isn't undermined, but instead brought to the discussion as one side of the argument...  An it seems some people cash in all their chips into an all science, all empathy, or all business society... that's a bit terrifying. 
Screw that, I'm a practicing scientist and I wish that a requirement for any BS in any science field was one semester of philosophy of science. There were enough contradictory "SCIENCE IS X" claims being spouted out today to make Popper cry. 
Except the scientific definition of a theory is something that's supported by evidence. For example, evolution is "just a theory" but is universally accepted by scientists because of the mountain of evidence supporting it. In science, if something "shows no evidence or experiments" and " has to be taken on face value", it's not a theory. 
Unless they're either god-like or basically Vulcans, let he who is without sin cast the first stone. Basically, for all we know, the aliens aren't perfect either. 
Has Coke used public grants to produce research showing that drinking Coke is fine? Did that happen? 
Exactly. I try to approach people who fear science the same as I would approach a tribe that lived without any contact to civilization. If you tell them their belief is false then you won't win them over, because it would destroy their whole worldview. I try to simply show them the benefits of science, but I introduce them slowly to it so I don't scare them away. 
Actually political science is more opinion than rumour. Political theory is a totally different ballgame, much like philosophy. Indeed, it is philosophy. 
Your deduction will only ever be as certain as the certainty of your premises. 
One of my favorite signs at the Boston march was two-sided.  The one side said "Science is a double-edged sword", and the other said "Resist the siren call of techno-utopianism". 
And? The accurate political narrative that science and scientific evidence is being ignored/suppressed by the Trump administration. 
Don't get me wrong, as far as the question of whether policy should be based on evidence and we should fund science, I am 100% behind these marches and strongly pro-science.  (and not just because I'm on an NSF grant)  It's just that some of the signs I saw were close to deifying science, and that weirds me out a bit. 
But scientists don't just blindly have "faith" in "their" validity. Scientists constantly question science, they constantly "redo" science and good scientists actively try to further proove or disprove their previous research. 
That's an interesting request, thanks!  I think the main categories that bothered me were:  * signs that I felt did not understand epistemology (like ones that stated science produced absolute truth)  * Tencho-utopian signs (like signs that claimed science will solve hate and racism, or that science is an unbiased or otherwise perfect process)   * Caricatures of science (like people dressed as mad scientists in lab coats, although I feel like that's more of a subjective objection compared to the first two).  To be clear, there were a lot of signs I liked, too.  I think it's mostly that the whole point of the scientific method is exploration of the possibility that you are wrong, and to the extent that supporting science has become a partisan issue in the US, some of its advocates have embraced superlatives over scientific humility. 
I am not sure I would say that, or that I would claim to be able to measure and equate cultishness or danger, but I might say that, as far as my subjective evaluation, both science and religion are at their best when they are acting as instruments of humility. 
To the extent that credentials can add context, I am theoretical neuroscientist.  I fucking love science, it is my life.  I deal with the limits of science and its unresolved philosophical issues on a fairly regular basis.  And so when I see signs advocating blind acceptance of results or techno-utopian viewpoints I feel like I can criticize because *this is my house*, so to speak. 
You would think, right? But you should have heard some of the speeches given today. Perhaps nobody thinks science is "an unbiased machine for generating proven absolute Truth", but it's certainly the case that some of them think *whatever it is they're calling science* is "an unbiased machine for generating proven absolute Truth." 
They address different questions.  They are different tools for understanding our world.  We need balance. 
Is this sarcasm. String theory is completely theoretical.  
That's and of-repeated statement, which is true and offensive for foreign relations... I disagree with a leader saying that... But he did recant it, and explained it away as a joke, so what should I believe now?  The point of your reply seems to suggest I should believe Trump's statement, but should I only believe the original statement, and not his recantation?  
If you consider our perception, the earth is round.   if you consider wave theory and gravity, it's basically just big ditch in the 4th dimension.   ^^^^^^^^^I_know_this_is_inacurate 
I think political science majors probably come to many of the same conclusions we would if where to just study people and their interactions with different subjects all around. Politics is a man made system, just like someone who studies dollar trends and economics, is it science sure, but the dollar it's self like politics is a made up ideology by people, so it is subject to inherent flaws that relate back to the error of studying humans behavior and thought processes, and that's that there's no singular person to use as a constant for the experiments, interesting sure, science sure, but will it ever be anymore accurate than how good we are at saying "all people (insert anything)" probably not. But I'll stay open to politics looking different than that, but I've yet to be surprised about anything they say, it mostly seems trivial. 
"*The fully enlightened earth radiates euphoria triumphant.*"  Seriously though, my feeble heart is calmed *just a bit* hearing that there are voices of reason present to temper the voices of Reason at the rally these days.  
I suppose there's some possibility within, but we'd have to go all "Plato's Republic" on this empathy/science society.  Are bakers empathetic or scientific?    
I'm a bit confused when you say "[science] can't be countered".   Scientific progress is made by continually questioning previous assumptions and beliefs and improving/disproving them. 
Science doesn't "support" anything, nor does it oppose anything. Science simply tries to determine what the world *is*. What we *want* the world to be is an entirely separate issue.  To the extent that "science" gets involved in politics, it's when everyone agrees what our goal should be (which falls into "what we want the world to be") but people disagree on what policies would achieve it (which falls into "what the world actually is").  For example, nobody actually *wants* global warming. Everyone agrees that the polar ice caps melting and flooding the world would be bad. The disagreement is about whether or not doing certain things would actually cause that to happen. Science does not have an opinion on whether or not global warming is bad, but it *definitely* has an opinion on whether or not doing certain things are actually causing it to happen. 
Well, as I'm fond of saying, "stupid assholes come in all shapes and sizes."  In any group of any real size, you're going to have outliers that don't "get it."  Making any kind of judgements based on the outliers is, to me, always problematic. 
And the best scientists have been proven wrong by future scientists. Science is always evolving and what we think we know now can change tomorrow 
the science fanboy syndrome is at least partially (if not entirely) the result of the way that it's presented to the world at large by a handful of science popularizers and advocates who seem to have the largest mindshare with the public 
The problem is not the branches but the grounds on which this "tree" grows. Very often, this ground is not interrogated. 
You're missing the point. Her argument was/is that the belief in science or the faith in science mirrors religious belief.   She was not saying science is religion. She was saying the way scientists believe in the validity of science mirrored those who believe in religion.   There is no comparison of the two or saying one was right/wrong. Anthropologists like to view and catalogue, they aren't philosophers.  
So you have faith in the methods of science to prove itself as truthful?   You are missing the point of the message if you are comparing as above. Her point was the framework of belief was similar.  
I don't actually know too much, but I am doing a course on social philosophy, which generally follows the enlightenment and its consequences, and Horkheimer and Lyotard both came up there. 
I'd have to actually be there to say otherwise, but are you *sure* they weren't called science something more like, "not an unbiased machine for generating proven absolute Truth, but a hell of a lot closer to being that than anything else we've got?" 
Science as we know it today, is an epistemological method devised by philosophers during the early enlightenment, so I think it's safe to call science a product of philosophy 
String theory is theoretical, that doesn't mean it's a scientific theory... it's not. 
I think you should ignore what his statement was and focus on what his actual *policy* is. 
sound scientific methodology can reach incorrect conclusions. or, in layman's terms: sometimes science is wrong.  
as humans that operate in 3 dimensions mentally, perception of a round earth is a fine 3-dimensional construct. the idea of  spacetime "ditch" is only really an analogy anyways, since we can't imagine 4-dimensional geometry properly  
"Belief" doesn't require or imply absolute certainty or rigidity tho.  
Thanks. This is interesting. I would like to pursue this "confirmation bias" in the context of strategy. 
You mean not everyone is pulling for Brave New World to come about?   I want my soma dammit 
I am all about evidence-based policy decisions, and agree with you that it's a really useful system.  But there were also people with signs literally claiming that science will solve intolerance and social inequality.  Maybe one day it will, somehow, but betting everything on that hope seems to be leaving behind evidence-based policy, rather than embracing it. 
If they are not scientific they would probably be bad bakers. If they are not empathetic they would probably be not so good human beings. 
I'm saying that if science is to be used as a rule, then once such "rule" is established, nothing else can counter scientific logic of course besides a more accurate scientific understanding. The post i replied to suggests that science can simply be brought to discussion to compliment other aspects but really science will trump all those other aspects and science will end up either being absolute or the authorities that adopted science as a ruling object will eventually denounce it. Those are the two pathways I see. 
I'm talking about scientists though, I'm not a scientist but perhaps I am one in training but I'm careful not to pretend I know how to be a good scientist yet. I simply respect what those who are do. "Pop science" seems to neglect the scientific method most of the time a dos more closely related to politics to in my opinion. 
That is why I dislike this politicization of science that is going on right now.  It's getting used in an Us vs Them way when in reality people on both sides of politics are anti science in large numbers. 
If we're gonna have brain in a vat conversations, maybe, but if we go down that road why even bother with any explanations? 
If the scientific method does not work, then humans cannot ever know anything. 
Well in the interest of scientific non-committal, I'd be willing to drop my claim if faced with a factual rigorous analysis. I'm going off of my memory of my impressions after watching some of the DC speeches. But if the speakers' views were indeed as nuanced as you suggest, it sure didn't come across in their rhetoric. 
That's a Western interpretation that ignores the importance of Arabs such as Ibn al-Haytham and pretty much all the classical mathematicians and scientists. People forget that Newton believed as much bullshit as he did actual science, we just remember him for the science, not the occult.  The provenance of the scientific method is long and does not belong to one culture or time. 
Yes, I understand that but it is still the *best* methodology we have for understand the nature of the universe.   If something is wrong in science, we can correct it but continuing to follow the scientific method. Otherwise, we simply have to say "I don't know" until we do.   The problem we currently have here is people are dismissing things like evolution and climate change. There are certainly details still being worked out sure, but the core science is sound.  
Haha, okay. I was debating whether to add them; I didn't at the time since it looked a bit distracting, but I guess it's probably worth it for new visitors.  As for the site ratings, I agree they're not at all objective measures (assuming that's what you were referring to). It's main purpose is more as a sorting tool, for quickly finding (roughly) the strongest arguments, rather than an evaluation of the truth of the statements. 
Knowledge that when humans are "100% sure", they're correct only about 95% of the time (and this is a gracious estimate, based on more conscientious estimates on the predictionbook.com website) + the fact that I rely heavily for my belief merely on the fact that I've not heard substantiated opposition (ie. everyone else believes that way -- which is persuasive, but less justifying than other types of evidence).  Realize that when I say "I'm 99.5% sure", this means roughly "If I were this sure 200 times, I'd expect to be correct 199 of those times". When you really think about this, it matches with our real-world feedback -- bedrock beliefs, a couple times in most people's lives, are found to be false, and this should influence the upper bound on how much we throw around "absolute certainty" (or eg. "99.9999999% certainty"). 
I think that philosophers are referring to absolute truths when saying that "I couldn't know something for sure."  I can make deductions and eventually reach reliable relative truths, but it is logically impossible for me to know something as an absolute truth.  By saying that I know an absolute truth, I am implying that under any circumstance, no matter what, that truth will stay true indefinitely.  Of course that's humanely impossible for me to determine that as our perception and conscientiousness limits us so that we aren't omniscient beings.  However I agree with you that although we can't determine the absolutism of a logical model, that still doesn't prevent us from relying on it and using it. 
You don't really understand just how impossible the universe is to understand from our tiny perspective, do you?  Logic is a powerful tool, but it is limited, and sometimes it is simply wrong.  Perhaps because what you founded it on was wrong.  But because of the limitations of human perspective we can never get a perfect foundation, and so logic can always lead to erroneous paths.  Of course it's possible that even with perfect foundations logic could still be wrong.  Because we don't really know the rules, and they do not need to be sensible, consistent, have a pattern, or follow any constraints at all.  And in that case, logic is utterly useless, because anything can follow from anything else.  If "follow" really even has meaning in that context. 
Its an abuse of the wore science. In most European countries it would be translated to "political studies".   Because the word science has a definitions on itself that is nowhere closely related to political science.  (Im a Mathematitian and an Engineer who does politics for a living. Because I did political studies after university and was good at it). 
I'd rather lump that figure into the certainty pile than give the impression it's just a maybe as if it's 50:50 
I could use like 2 soma right now...   I mean... if you know a guy ;) 
Well scientific data has the solutions to those problems already. The issue is applying that knowledge in the complexity of the world outside of a lab. 
So when science said smoking was fine, putting smoking restrictions on age should have been illegal despite common sense. Then 40 years later we saw scientifically that smoking was harmful we saw what?  
You can forgive people for being skeptical.  The "women's march" proposed to speak for all women, yet they prevented right wing speakers from attending.  At the end of the day it was clearly an anti-trump march pretending to speak for an entire group. 
In that case we agree for the most part, though I would still say that scientists who pay only lip service to these ideals are probably at least as common as clergy who pay only lip service to their religion. We are all only human, after all. 
No, this leads to the discussion of consciousness,which is ontologically distinct from matter (including the brain).  
Legitimate religion is based on legitimate scripture, which is an authority on God. It is not based on empiricism. One accepts an authorized text and practices the process in order to experience it. It is top down, not bottom up approach. Like someone else said, epistemology is something that needs to be taught.  
none of this has anything to do with the original question which was "when has science been wrong recently".  
I can agree with this and even religious people have to since nobody is God. However people abuse this to impartiality and never be attached, which of course cannot work since we are human.  
Could you point me to some sources on these solutions, even in a lab environment? 
A more accurate scientific understanding. But at the time, we already knew what smoke particles alone could do to lungs, so it's safe to say there was a bit of propaganda and dissonance going on. That's actually what I'm talking about. Science was forgone to promote a notion that smoking is okay so we could make that sweet sweet GDP. 
but if you are reading that scripture or hearing it then how do you know your senses are reporting that information to your brain correctly. You are suffering from the same filters that you say people collecting data are experiencing. Even if you believe God is beaming that info directly into your brain there is nothing saying that signal is not being corrupted some how. You sufferer the same inability to be able to prove the signals your brain is receiving are true whether you are religious or a scientist.    
Social inequality can be solved by legislating equality. Such as anonymising resumes for employment and etc. along with a universal welfare like minimum wage, education, and healthcare.  The problem isn't figuring out a solution. It's convinving people to implement the policies. Culture and politics get in the way of calculated progress. 
I knew the french fries were just a quick example. However, any example used could be construed the same way. That's because science is amoral. It is incapable of determining good or bad and can only tell us facts. Philosophy interprets those facts as what is good or bad.    It is a common misconception that science can solve anything or determine a course of action. That is beyond the capability of science.  I do agree, however, that if the populace were more learned about science, particularly the scientific method, then they would be more accepting of the moral choices that must be made. In reality, the populace needs to be more learned about both science and philosophy.  
I think we're going in opposite directions. Every formal mathematical theory has "assumptions", in the sense that everything about that formal theory constrains what it can do---its axioms, its inference rules, its choice of language, etc. Talking about expanding the set of possible things that a formal theory can *prove* is not the same as talking about creating formal theories that can prove axioms using fewer assumptions. You seem to be talking about the latter; I'm talking about the former. (this, by the way, is why I asked the original commenter to clarify whether he was talking about the incompleteness theorems or not). 
I would be 0% surprised if I was going the opposite direction; I never got this far in my mathematical education.  
Hey maybe their just doing side quests and grinding right now. They'll get back to the main quest eventually!  
I remember when I was in primary 2 at school (Not sure of the US equivalent but age wise 5-6) I felt like I was still too little to be a 'big' P2, but felt like I was too 'big' to still be a P1. Kid logic brought me to the conclusion that the only explanation was that I must be dreaming and it's actually the summer break between both years.  
yea my life seems like it would be pretty boring to be simulating.  
Haven't you heard the news? It's made by the universe.  Jk, we use Sparkol's Video Scribe. It's a fantastic program. 
I'm going to butcher the quote and forget the philosopher who said it, but there a good quote that goes some like, "I worry about these thing during the day, but then I go and drink wine and play backgammon with my friends, and I forget about these things and all is well." 
Nope. Certainly there are epistemological issues with trusting the brain. But there are also questions about whether we can trust our "inputs" to the brain. Like the brain in vat connected to a computer that generates our world. In such a situation, how can we prove that we aren't just a brain in a vat? We really can't and hence our "knowledge" isn't real.  
You cannot ascertain that you know that you do not know, you either know that you know  or don't know that you don't know  Know knot known  
Thats because you compare it to being awake and any deviation from the norm shows them they are dreaming, eg having six fingers, not being able to read, etc. If you were in a lucid dream from the day you were born you wouldn't know any different as you have nothing to compare it to.  
I agree with this for the most part. I consider myself a strong "believer" in an argument and sometimes I ponder whether I just want to believe in "god" but maybe I consider "too cool/intelligent (to paraphrase) for mainstream organized religion  
I had this thought as well. Although I didn't know anyone who has ever said something like that so far, it does seem like the most logical conclusion one can draw from thinking. I guess most people just don't think enough... 
I agree with you, even if you somehow got the definitive answer, you wouldn't be able to do anything to change anything about your reality anyway. 
I agree. When tehy said the phrase "knowledge is impossible for humans" i sort of cringed. A better phrase is "everything is basically unknowable." or "its impossible to know anything with absolute certainty" 
Presumably it is only more "real" in so far as you believe it is a memory of an actual event in the "real" world.  This was the idea behind gifting replicants 'false' memories in Blade Runner. 
She doesn't know, that's kind of the point. If you look at everything through a sceptic lense you realize that there is nothing you can know with certainty. Additionally, if you don't know whether or not it is possible to know something for certain, you are still unable to know with certainty. 
Why assume that the logic of our brain vat world follows outside of the brain vat? 
Falsifiability and Occam's razor are two different things. Falsifiability is an appropriate requirement of scientific theories, but not philosophical ones. What is your justification for believing in Occam's razor? Why is simplicity necessarily a virtue? 
I agree. The point of the video isn't that we might be a brain in a vat, the point is that we'll never know what we really are or what's true or real. Even if you wake up as a brain in the vat one day and realize your life was a dream, you still won't be able to be sure that you're not a brain in a vat dreaming that you're another brain in another vat. It's fun to theorize, but at the end of the day, what matters is what you do. Whether the physical universe is real or whether I'm just a brain in a vat, if I don't get off my ass in 30 minutes and go to work, I'm going to lose my job and have to experience stress and hunger and other undesirable experiences. Those experiences are real, therefore my decisions matter. At least to me.  
True but the points I'm trying to make are, that doesn't make the world we live in any less real, and that is a less likely scenario than this all just being real. It's not impossible that someone could smash my jar, but it's unlikely and practically unimportant.  
Those surveys that ask "are you afraid of dying" I always think: I'm afraid I'm already dead and just didn't quite get the memo. I always picture being dead as being asleep so I have these terror moments where I worry I'm really just dead, despite the fact that I don't believe I'd be capable of any thought after death. 
This is basically why I was wondering, I feel like being exposed to it as a child has made me more susceptible to instability. Take care of yourself!!  
I remember looking at my ceiling as a child -probably 5 years old- and saying out loud "I'm saying this right now," and feeling very sure of things for a few seconds.  But as the sound decayed into nothingness and I was once again left in the room with just my thoughts, the thought would inevitably come to me *But how do you know you just said it?*   Sometimes, I'd say it again, sometimes I'd wrestle with the idea of how we ever really know anything for sure.    It seems odd to say that now, as a middle-aged man.  But central philosophical questions seem to have always been with me, though I could not call it philosophy as a child and was never systematic in my approach.    It was just a product of natural curiosity and awareness.    
It's not the extraordinary ants that give biologists the best data on ant colonies, it's the boring mundane ants. 
I skipped to the end halfway through to make sure I wasn't reading long post from that novelty account that ends every post with a reference to WWF Hell in a Cell and spoiled the joke.... :( 
But where did the universe that created the turtle come from? It can't be turtles all the way down since it would have to be turtles all the way around in an infinite loop and that defies all known laws of logic (and I find that unlikely that those kind of laws of logic don't exist in every dream universe or whatever but ours) 
How does it matter for us where the signals come in to the brain from? If we agree that its the brain that is the centre of consciousness, our scope ends there only. Talking about *who/what* factors control the brain, in that sense, is a separate topic. 
Is there any reason to believe it isn't? For example, consciousness existing without a brain? 
then *simulated universe* is just the latest costume for God. 
Basically "that Chinese quote about the butterfly" means that simulation theory or whatever isn't a new thing. 
I'd say I get "okay" backlash for using the word *Anti-Dogmatic Theist* in front of the family. Works for me.  
Yeah but isn't that how many fields of inquiry go? Whether the universe is made up of multi-dimensional strings or whether or not the Poincare conjecture has a solution doesn't change the price of bread the next morning. It is still importnat, however in terms of understanding the universe or jist understanding the limits  of what we can know. 
Nope. But through epistemology, you can create a view of the world that underpins science as a valid method. 
You can't use science to prove or dispel that which deals with the validity of science itself as a method of knowing about the world. It's not just fun. It's the only real way to prove science is in any way more valid than a random person's opinion, which is what most political opinions are based on at the moment. 
I can tell that I'm not dreaming considering the details, the sensations and the free will. If you can't tell, you are either in a coma, high or having issues with reality (a teenager thing). When dreaming, you wake up if you realize it. I've heard of people dreaming will being aware, but if it's true, that require training, and I never did that.  
Coincidence sounds a bit flippant.  Maybe it's just the natural order of the universe to create life.  Like Alan Watts said "You are a function of what the whole universe is doing in the same way that a wave is a function of what the whole ocean is doing." 
Like when Dwight's second life character developed Second Second Life 
True, you have to be careful with that maxim lest Occam's Razor becomes Maslow's Hammer. 
The "then who made God argument" applies time as it exists in this universe to God/Gods/simulation creators. The passage of time was created with the big bang. Who knows if time as we know it even exists outside of this universe. 
That word has meant so many different things to so many different people that that question is meaningless. 
That's pretty much what I was thinking. You could generate the world algorithmically, like in Minecraft or No Man's Sky, but you still have to record every single change. So every tree that is cut down, lawn mown, hole dug, building erected, painting made, notebook entry, etc. Some of it could be compressed' you don't need a perfect record of your lawn or the grains in a hole, but there needs to be some fidelity. If you notice a mark, it has to be recorded for the next time you go there.  I think these surface changes would take an asteroid of material to record, but someone pointed out that we don't know what the 'real' world looks like in terms of physical laws.  
One issue here is that most of the times you take stupid shit for granted in your dreams; it can feel like things are logical.  It might be a bit far fetched, but it's totally possible that our sense of logic is made up by our brains. Our brains can produce hormones that make us feel like we found a pattern, even though we did not. 
I have realistic dreams on occasion and I'm sitting in this dream trying to figure out if it's real or not. One test is try to type something on the computer or phone. Often times I what I am trying to type it's not what I wanted to type. Sometimes I am still not aware that it's a dream and try to retype everything over and over again out of frustration. Also I can't type in actual phone numbers on phones in my dreams. However I can use voice commands and I end up having a conversation with someone. I know it's all in my head but easiest way to find out if it's a dream is try some of these things.  If you can type 100% accurately in your dreams it would be interested if people can do this. 
Same here. Tripping doesn't help, what's weird is that I may have died several times! But yeah always thought this was Sim earth theory. Matrix and The Sims did a good job planting this in my head also. 
It really creeps me out that I've never had a dream character accept their reality in my lucid dreams. No matter how much evidence I show them, they just won't accept that it's a dream. It worries me that I too could be a dream character in a simulated world. 
Nah, we're simulating consumption, as long as you aren't self sufficient 
What. I know Mumbai has a population. I know there's people in it. But I know that I've not seen its current exact population, therefore I know that I don't know Mumbai's population. Sure I can guess. But I know that I don't know it exactly, and certainly. 
I never skip ahead when I expect that! That's the whole point of it and we're lucky to have such a thing! :D 
Seriously.  Are that many people not picking up that he's completely discrediting the very concept of knowledge while simultaneously basing his entire argument on information that *falls into the exact concept he's decrying*?  It's flowery, but it's still BS.  Say a bunch of stuff that seems deep and reap the upvotes, doesn't matter if it makes any logical sense. 
In my opinion, Pascal's Wager sort of falls apart when more than one religion is considered. If you were to really subscribe to the "better safe than sorry" reasoning of Pascal's wager, you'd need to be devoutly subscribed to every single religion- which doesn't really work. 
Maybe it is impossible to live in a completely ignorant world, if Mazlow's pyramid should be considered, since autorealization drives people to further an interest constantly. 
Apparently celestial teapots are quite real to some. 
There are arguments for the externalized nature of consciousness, as well as for the fact that consciousness is specialized throughout bodyparts. Actually, I think any view that consciousness is 100% internal in the brain is probably somewhat against the grain at this point. 
Essentially. It gives comfort where no explanation is possible and fills the same role as the god of the gaps. It's unknowable and unprovable either way.  
You never had a dream that felt so real that you at first weren't sure if it actually happened, even after waking up? I have, about 10-15 times in my life, but there are people who experience this much more often. I've also had dreams where i was aware (lucid dreaming), but only twice. It can happen even without training, it's just not that common.   Besides, while in the dream doesn't it feel real? If it doesn't, that would mean you to some exrent are aware of dreaming. 
lol what book is this again? feel like I am in on the joke but forgot the source.  
True but that's not its purpose. It is meant purely to demonstrate the skeptic's position. 
It's just a reaaaally lucky combo of the same shit that the entire planet and everything we *know* is made of.  
I don't think it's reasonable or justified to believe a rock can think in the same way a brain does, until someone demonstrates that rock-like things can think like a brain does.  A thinking rock is kind of incompatible with reality. 
Yes, its self refuting like all foundational beliefs founded on skepticism, but at least it makes you feel fuzzy.  
I'm still not sure I'm just the only one not in the joke or something.  I read half of it and was like this is nonsense but then I saw the comment score and thought maybe its good joke everyone else figured out faster than I. LIke............... 
Good philosophy is mostly math and logic, everything else is likely to be bad.  Most people here and the philosophy they circlejerk around is fantastical nonsense.  Good philosophy is far beyond the reasoning capacity of the average person 
This is one of the reasons I wasn't really able to get into religion when I was younger. Ever since early middle school I knew there were a *lot* of religions on earth and they all claimed to be true. Considering how different the stories and teachings and mythologies of all these different religions can be, that obviously isn't  the case. Either one of them is or none of them are, and it's much more likely to be the latter. My belief is that religion started out partially to help people feel better about their lives and partially to make sense of the world back when our view of things like our planet, the universe, life, consciousness, etc were much more primitive. It makes sense that people of different cultures and backgrounds would work towards those goals in such different ways. 
I think you're right that neuroscientists would agree that the body plays an important role in consciousness and that we should stop considering the brain as a disparate piece of hardware. But not many credible ones would say that consciousness exists outside, or after, the body and brain. 
I wake up everytime it feels real. I tend to be very skeptical (irony), maybe it's in my nature. Not everyone dream the same way. And I usually work a lot at night, which kinda fuck my dreams too. Once I get to sleep on a normal cycle I tend to have terrible nights, but I can count with my fingers the number of dream that I have memories of, and even less for the one that felt real.  Dreaming and not being able to tell if it's real is not the same as being awake and not being able to tell if you are sleeping or not. 
And the above reasoning demonstrates the futility of the skeptic's position. It has zero philosophical or intellectual merit.  
Agreed.  Or at least that's what my rock wants me to think. 
I think it would certainly impact how people view death. Opens up the real possibility of an afterlife. Along the same lines of if you could prove God was real.  
Doesn't the brain exist inside consciousness, and not the other way around?  You create a model about the external world through your senses.  The brain is part of that external world, and you extrapolate that you have a brain, but it's not a priori knowledge.  Consciousness comes first, after which that consciousness acquires knowledge through its senses and creates a model of how it thinks the world is structured.  One of those models is that this object called the "brain" exists and is the seat of consciousness, but in no way is that guaranteed to be true.  It's a good theory though. This model of the brain is in your consciousness, not the other way around.  
I'm also very skeptical, about most things. Before i had those dreams i likely would have doubted how real it can feel. For sure, i've never had a recurring dream and feel a bit skeptical about them.   Is there someting else you can think of with the possibility to make you think you were doing something, when you really weren't? Psychosis, delirium, drugs, or a coma (as you mentioned)? If no, do you think it is possible that you actually exist in a simulation (simulation theory)?  
yeah, but we don't know how the universe outside the simulation works, maybe things can pop into existence, and we're a research project on say, an oddball idea like conservation of mass. 
In todays news: the human brain declares the human brain to be natures most impressive creation.   
We are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively.  
That is actually a very good point I hadn't considered. In a way, I guess the makers of the simulation would be, for all intents and purposes, God. 
There is no such thing as death, life is just a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves......here's Tom with the weather. 
And they can make death whatever they wanted. Another simulation, or nothing at all. Might be the real test. If you are conscious after you die, it's a simulation.  
I just watched Revelations (1993) by Bill Hicks. Holy shit.  
We're all only pretending to be self-aware? Thank goodness! I thought I was the only one! 
Just watched Bill Hicks in Revelations for the first time and holy shit that's a genius.  
But also because there is nothing we have observed that is equally compelling. I don't think it's an ego thing. 
He's something else. It's a shame he didn't make it to older age like Carlin. I would have loved to see how he evolved. 
Yep. Maynard from tool is a big fan of that guy. His stuff pops up in a few of their songs.  
YES, I LOVE PRETENDING THAT I AM SELF AWARE AND NOT JUST FOLLOWING MY CODE 
Actually, I was just quoting the song in the link I commented above.  
Would an entirely apathetic person still be biased though? I mean prior biases could exist but if they really didn't care about whatever those biases pertained to could they really be said to have a bias at all?  
Watched that movie last night. I didn't walk in with any expectations but it was a great film 
Both trial lawyers are biased, but it would be wrong to ignore both of them. It would be wrong to ignore only one of them.  
There is subjective and objective truth. Society goes reckless with subjective lies so subjective truth gets a bad rap to the point where people don't believe it exists at all.  
The post features a couple instances of people saying things like that. 
yup. its not that a biased person is more likely to be wrong, its that a biased person is more likely to have constructed their argument based on their biases and (possibly/often/potentialy) ignoring details not fitting, in line with their biases.  If a media outlet with an anti immigration bias reports on any and all instance of crime committed by immigrants, its not that they are wrong about the crimes committed, they just have certain reasons for why they call attention to this. 
The evidence *and* the logical inferences we make from the evidence. But yeah. 
Correlation, in the majority of cases isn't accompanied by causation ;-) so I don't know how about your claim.   You can find Correlation very easily between totally unrelated things while a causal dependency must be proven.  
Next Up on philosophy for dummies: Why logically valid arguments are important. 
Not would...might.  Again, bias makes it less likely than an opinion is correct, but it doesn't preclude the opinion being correct. 
You mean, you're not connected to all your high school friends on Facebook? What else is Facebook for other than passive-aggressively sharing stuff like this on Facebook? ;) 
But the latter case depends on whether the bias is relevant to what they are saying. E.g., if they are simply stating a fact, then their bias doesn't *necessarily* matter.   E.g., "They're biased (toward a Keynesian view of economics) so their claim (that the unemployment rate is what the BLS says it is) is unreliable" might still be fallacious. It's not clear that being biased towards Keynesian economic theory bears on whether the BLS is reporting accurate unemployment numbers.  
Exactly. The doctor who tells you to lose weight while being overweight himself; he's a hypocrite, but he's not wrong. If the doctor tells you to take some drug, and he's been funded by the drug manufacturer, he's very biased, but *it still may be the best drug for you*.   Bias and hypocrisy increase the probability someone's opinion may be wrong, but it is not evidence by itself. 
Sure, we should only *conclusively* dismiss an argument if it can be demonstrated to be wrong, but it is perfectly reasonable to never entertain it in the first place if there's not a reasonably reliable source for it.   I'm sorry, but not only is somebody citing Breitbart not going to convince me, it's going to make me think less of them as a person and all their other arguments as well.  
But even if a source is biased, it doesn't *necessarily* follow that all of their claims are false. 
Have you ever met an unbiased person?   I'm not going to bother getting into a conversation about something I don't care about.. 
That is far from being a uncontroversial statement friend. Information can be factually wrong and useless (Swedish people call trees "gufulfilfs"), it can be factually wrong and useful (I have a pet koala that will kill you if you break into my house), it can be factually correct but useless (rubber tastes like rubber) or it can be factually correct and useful (ice is frozen water). Factual truth and utility are two different ways to measure information. There are plenty of other ways you could measure it as well. (Word count, areas of relevance, etc.). It is a bit silly to suggest that information exists along only one axis. 
Agreed. That's actually pretty close to what I say in section 5. 
1) Sorry. Reddit broke the site for awhile. It's working now.  2) I used the name for the sake of efficiency and clarity. "The bias fallacy" is much shorter than "those ad hominem dismissers that object to a claim by citing bias." And to call it simply "ad hominem" would be misleading. The bias fallacy is a *subset* of ad hominem fallacies. Not all ad hominem arguments are about bias.   3) I had no idea this would get so much attention. I actually expected it to be ignored. In my experience, people do not argue in ways that indicate that they're super interested in learning about how to avoid reasoning errors. That's kind of why I wrote it. I was sick of hearing/reading the fallacy. I thought it needed to be said. But, again, I didn't expect that anyone *wanted* to hear it. 
But not all biases decrease accuracy. Some biases improve accuracy.   
Fair point.   But we should keep in mind that not all biases decrease accuracy. Some biases *improve* accuracy.   
Sounds like you're assuming that all biases decrease accuracy. That's not the case. Some biases improve accuracy. Section 3 explains. 
Sounds like you're assuming that all biases decrease accuracy. That's not the case. Some biases improve accuracy. Section 3 explains.  
Sounds like you're assuming that all biases *decrease* accuracy. That's not the case. Some biases *improve* accuracy. 
Let's grant that it's a *subset* of ad hominem. Just because one thing is a subset of another thing doesn't mean that the subset doesn't exist.  
Not necessarily. Some biases actually improve accuracy. 
That or a genetic fallacy. And some have pointed out (in the Reddit comments) that it could actually be a formal fallacy.  
But not all biases decrease accuracy. Some biases improve accuracy. 
Not all biases skew that way. Some biases improve overall accuracy. Section 3 of the post explains. 
I see your point, but even that that latter heuristic is, strictly speaking, fallacious. One can report something that conflicts with one's biases and still be wrong.  The former heuristic is a bit better. Perhaps that's why you put it first. 
Fair point. Withholding relevant facts is a bias that might make it more likely that one is wrong. But even that bias wouldn't *necessarily* result in being wrong.   A fine distinction, but a distinction nonetheless. 
But surely not all false claims *necessarily* imply bias. In principle an unbiased person (if there is such a thing), could make an error and thereby be wrong about something.  
And some biases can *improve* credibility. Section 3 of the post explains. 
Aren't both New York Time and Beitbart 100% biased in regards of Trump (who is an open enemy of New York Times). 
i would think it is more a subset of the fallacist's fallacy.   it relies less on their character and more on a particular error in their reasoning and inferring the falsehood of their conclusion.      there is a lot of overlap between identifiable fallacies, but this would seem to be a formal fallacy where ad hominem is not. 
I wouldn't mind using formal arguments every day. I'd enjoy interacting with people so much more, and we'd all benefit from the intellectual stimulation. Fuck it, from now on whenever someone is about to raise their voice at me, I'm just going to go gather evidence to support my premise and wait until they are done to present it. Suddenly every argument lasts two weeks and I win by attrition. 
If calling someone biased is the same as saying that their argument has a flaw in reasoning, it is essentially the fallacy fallacy unless you can also say what that flaw is. 
It's true that recognizing and pointing out a bias is not a fallacy in and if itself. But when it's used in an argument that has nothing to do with a person's biases, then that argument is made "to the man" rather than addressing the actual issues. 
Yes. A lot of bias is the result of heuristics, our brains just trying to minimize the energy used to think about something by oversimplifying it. An entirely apathetic person hypothetically wouldn't care enough to put in the extra time and energy to get around this. They would just default to either the intuitively best sounding answer, or the answer closest to what they've been raised with.  Arguably, Apathy toward the truth is as good a cause for bias as caring too much for what you feel should be true. 
Yeah, that's true. But one might be forgiven for taking it that the interlocutor supplies that suppressed premise when they say 'I am free from bias!'   Anyway, the example was a little tongue in cheek; I think these 'exceptions' can be generated for most fallacies. 
If someone says 'I am not biased,' then it suffices as a refutation of their position to point out that they are. 
They should never be ignored, but their arguments should be seen through the light of their biases.   This is very different from what we do in philosophy. We assume the most logical version of a person's argument and give it no more or less credibility based on who wrote it.  An undergrad research paper is no worse than a doctoral dissertation if the arguments are on par. However, an anonymous tip (as someone else has said in this thread) means very little from breitbart, but will get heads turning if it comes from CNN.  Is this ideal? Absolutely not. I'd love to take everyone's arguments at face value without being suspicious of deceit, but that's simply not possible in this world.  
I think this is one concept that a lot of people struggle with (I certainly did). The idea behind labeling an arguing technique a "fallacy" is to demonstrate that said technique does not PROVE the veracity of a claim; that doesn't mean the evidence that led to the fallacy is completely useless, it just means you can't use it as definitive proof  
I don't think he's disagreeing with that, he's saying there is further reason to be suspicious (beyond the usual amount) if you can clearly tell someone is biased towards the subject at hand. 
Not to mention that "truth" is finite, if one is willing to pretend that they understand what is true and what is not.  
So you're talking about what authorities we trust. Just expanding on what I said right?   
I have never heard of anyone seriously say that bias indicates truth of a claim. This is a total straw man.  
Exactly.   And when CNN breathlessly clutches its pearls that a Republican referred to slaves as "immigrants", yet they didn't object even once when the 44th President did it no fewer than 11 times between 2008-2016, there is a certain reason why they don't call attention to that. 
That's true in a literal sense, but it's disingenuous.   There are 1,440 minutes in each day. So there's a .0014 chance that a broken clock is right when you see it at any given point in the day. That's why there's such a strong inference to be drawn that it is wrong.  Further, it (mostly) misses the point. Our country has two broken clocks: one conservative and one liberal. The problem is that liberals see the liberal clock and assume the time is correct, but they're positive that the conservative clock is wrong. Conservatives do the same thing. It's confirmation bias all the way down and the mainstream and conservative media are complicit as well. 
I kinda understand what they're trying to get at, but it's just a flawed position.  I would guess that their argument is that as soon as someone commits an act that goes against the religion, then they are technically not acting as a member of that religion since it contradicts the teachings of that religion.  Such as how Christian White Supremacists aren't considered real Christians because it goes against fundamental teachings of the Bible. Or that their actions aren't representative of Christianity. Which is not entirely unreasonable, I guess.  But the jump to atheism is kind of unsubstantiated and silly. 
I don't know if it increases the probability of an opinion being wrong.  
I question your claim there about moral bankruptcy. The last I checked, jihadists are quite honest about their intentions, for example. It would be better if they were hypocrites & talked the talk without walking the walk (& better still if they were good people, of course).  
But there is a high chance that they are altering the truth to push their agenda. 
absolutely.  My point is ... we know scientific theories are wrong.  We accept them because they are useful in predicting how we can act today to get what we want tomorrow...using those theories we will get our desired outcome more often than not.  In the future we will have even better theories ... i.e., theories which further reduce the undesirable outcome from today's action. 
I apologize for insinuating you are an attention seeking ass. That was unnecessarily rude 
Nope, not assuming bias always decreases accuracy, just that it changes interpretation, which always negatively impacts confidence in the findings. Bias is a disturbance factor, positive or negative, so it's always going to affect confidence.  
eh... You've tried to make it a fallacy in and of itself. Too much rhetoric surrounds the notion of bias or perceived bias to "call it the bias fallacy" 
How ? To me if you ignore half of a picture. You only see half of the picture  
That's true, but generally speaking when we are evaluating pesonal qualities we don't label positive bias, only negative.  (Case in point: linguistic bias of contextual convention without which communication would be so inefficient as to be nearly useless) 
I do think that this is how bias is used negatively more than outright lies though. It seems to me that biased sources, whether they be left or right, tend to only tell one side of the story. And if this is how a lot of people get their "news", they often only get half the story. 
The problem with calling what the NYT writes about Trump "bias" is that there is a severe possibility that this "bias" is simply being taken seriously because Trump has a problem with them.  He could really be exactly as bad as they suggest.    Now, I am very well aware that NYT leans liberal, so I'm not pretending that they wouldn't have a problem with him anyway, but that's the thing with bias, it doesn't preclude someone biased from telling the truth, even if it is only a matter of a broken clock being right twice a day.    In some way, we have to evaluate the truth of the situation.  I'm just going to say, there is clearly something pretty special about Trump.  He's basically pissing off everyone, except perhaps his base.  In the end, we have to evaluate him based on what he intends to do, what he has done, and if those actions actually promote our interests.     
While we're on the subject of the fallacist's fallacy and ad hominem, I have noticed that most people misinterpret what ad hominem really is; that is, any uncivil comments in the course of an argument are hailed as "ad hominem!" and the entire argument is dismissed out-of-hand.  There is an enormous difference between "you are wrong, therefore you are stupid" and "you are stupid, therefore you are wrong." Only one is an example of ad hominem. The other is just a lack of decorum, which says nothing about the logical validity of the argument. 
You can't say 'someone lies, therefore this that they said is also a lie' but you CAN say 'someone lies, therefore this thing that they said should deserve greater scrutiny'.  To expand on a common proverb, 'A broken clock is right twice a day, but it's still a broken clock and needs fixing.' 
But even that bias wouldn't preclude the possibility that a biased source is correct.  Logically valid arguments can be biased. E.g.,  1. All Democrats are _________ 2. So-and-so is a Democrat. C: So-and-so is _________.   The first premise could be the result of a bias against Democrats. But the conclusion could still be true (even if the first premise is false). And the argument is valid even if the first premise is false.  So the mere existence of a bias doesn't necessarily invalidate an argument or it's conclusion.  
Logically valid arguments can be biased. E.g.,  1. All Democrats are _________ 2. So-and-so is a Democrat. C: So-and-so is _________.   The first premise could be the result of a bias against Democrats. But the conclusion could still be true (even if the first premise is false). And the argument is valid even if the first premise is false.  So the mere existence of a bias doesn't necessarily invalidate an argument or it's conclusion.  
The fallacy fallacy! The fallacy of being wrong. I like that. 
Fair enough, but when that bias is a direct cause of an error, pointing out the bias still isn't an ad hominem.  Bias commonly causes errors (for example, in investigations) so it must be guarded against.   
Great point. It's the opposite end a the same spectrum. 
Exactly. I don't have to be aware of my liver for it to be there. It's just plain immature to insist you don't have a bias. You can say you're going against your bias, but you can't say it's not there.  It's just that most people have been raised to believe they are PURELY rational creatures, which is a hoot by itself. So now they gotta own up to their very hypocritical stance that they don't ever get emotional...they do...we all do lol. 
I am not biased. The president of the US is Donald Trump.   Does it render my point moot if I'm secretely against/for Trump? No. Facts are facts, independent from the one who states them. 
I agree with you that we pick and choose authorities to listen to.  But the way in which we choose the authorities we pay attention to is not free from error. In the context of a discussion about how people commit fallacies, it seemed appropriate. 
I first heard it when studying philosophy of science. I heard it again when studying statistics. Selective observation is a bias. It's also part of good science. Biased estimators are often more useful than neutral ones. So they're still used in many statistical analyses.  So if this is a straw man, then the straw man is real. I'm not just making it up. 
True, though at the same time the core principles of any given philosophy seem to depend on where and when you're asking.  How do you set a standard for who's a real Christian when they're all steadfastly ignoring some part of the Bible? 
There's a perfectly valid form of appeal to authority. It's what basically all of science is based on as noone can afford the time to become an expert in everything:  1. Person A claims that there is a complicated argument that implies X 2. Person A is competent enough to evaluate the argument (usually they are particularly suited to evaluate the argument compared to the general population). 3. Person A has no reason to lie  Therefore X  It's when 2 or 3 are in question, or when the argument is simple enough that we don't need to rely on an expert that it's either fallacious, or the argument should be assessed on its own merits. 
I'm trying to beat you on your grounds but your understanding of the word is wrong. Your trying to stretch the meaning of the word  to any person that acts contrary to what they say. However, "Hypocrisy is the practice of claiming to have higher standards or more noble beliefs than is the case." ANTONYMS honesty, sincerity [Oxford Dictionary] e.g. A priest that is a cynical atheist, an anti-homosexual politician that gets caught soliciting male prostitutes, a health guru that binge eats and then throws up. As for your example, that describes Osama Bin Laden. He didn't directly kill anyone, he just preached, and others did his bidding. I don't see how that's better.  
It depends on the bias and the inquiry. This is explained in point 3 in the post. 
Perhaps. But I've thought the same thing about some redditors.   And let's be real: I did post *my own blog*. Even if that's somehow not an ass thing to to, it is kind of attention-seeking. ;) 
Someone can be significantly biased and objectively right. Again, section 3. 
Hmm. Can you quote the part where I claimed that the bias fallacy could not be a subset of another class of fallacies? I think I'm missing it. 
I'm making a distinction between a set and a subset.  
I don't know if that's the case. I think the reason this is done is that the credibility of a controversial argument is reinforced when an antagonistic source supports that argument.   :  
I agree. However, many times people will use personal attacks multiple times in their arguments- not explicitly saying "x is wrong because you are stupid". But rather trying to cut away at your credibility and therfore your position. I argue that while personal attacks have not effect on the validity of an argument they only serve to weaken the position of the one using them. They are divisive and serve only to be inflammatory. It becomes less about well thought out discourse and more about how many digs you can get it. 
What if you know the institution or individual as a goal of getting you to view a situation in a negative light? At what point do they become discredited. Surly you wouldn't trust a nazie to give you a truth, so I imagine somewhere before nazie you begin to mistrust a source. 
Ok but those are called Gettier Cases, where you have a justified true belief but not Knowledge.  Just because you stumbled upon the right answer but your justification for that was wrong doesn't mean that it is the right answer.  In terms of empiricism and science such arguments would be hardly acceptable towards proving a point.  And thus it is true that your premise may be wrong and you may still have reached to a true conclusion.  But if the bias of the source influenced the result it is deemed invalid and untrustworthy.  Not to mention if you then use what you deduced as a general rule, it may not come up with the same results the next time around. 
If your point is 'I am not biased,' and you are, then your point is not 'moot,' but is instead, strictly speaking, false. 
I don't think they are saying it is false, just biased.  
Agreed. I don't know how we pick authorities, and I am not sure I agree fully with you in how most people pick authorities. Perhaps you can make a more compelling case for it? 
I guess it's hard to say that there is a standard. But given historical, cultural and social context, I think it's still quite hard to logically justify White Superiority using the Bible by virtue of the fact that Jesus was Middle-Eastern and is depicted as the 'perfect man; God on Earth'. So on that basis alone (though obviously I'm not in any way committing to this point of view), Christianity should be all about Middle-Eastern supremacy if anything, hehehe!  
You've assumed I agreed with your original reply (which I didn't). You're arguing on premises I don't agree with. 
That's fair enough but I don't think it should constitute a full post on a philosophy-based subreddit.   Given the upvotes, I guess I'm wrong. 
People are certainly much less likely to lie against their bias than for. Sure there is still the possibility of being wrong, but it won't be wrong because it was entirely fabricated or created to mislead. 
And what is the point of your *also*?   In the end the only contribution you've made is the phrase before it. And many people who simply disagree with you are less likely to take you seriously or engage you.   It almost seems like a tactical decision: 'I'm going to make this point and then reduce the likelihood of a counterargument by being really ugly.' It's lazy, and a lack of decorum is synonymous with poor arguments in general.  
We trusted the Nazi's to help build the V5 rocket for the Apollo missions, so no I wouldn't say that any particular position should lead to outright distrust of everything.  They might be in the KKK but that doesn't mean they aren't right about the transmission in your pick-up truck. 
Hmm. I guess I define biased as less likely to be true, in a coherent direction (so not just variance in truth). How do you define bias? 
I agree that identifying trolls can be misused for ad hominem attacks, but I do not think it is always impossible. At least on the internet you can sometimes see if a person/robot/group of people has a history of behaving in a certain way and use that knowledge to judiciously conserve energy so it can be better spent discussing with people genuinely arguing their point instead of with "trolls" or "shills". 
I'm confused. I asked a question. I didn't give premises. 
I don't know. Sometimes useless stuff gets upvoted. ;) 
Google "learn formal logic" and it'll lead you a few places. 
You cant call them Nazis just because they were German scientists  
I suppose in a very rigorous sense, biased information is not truthful. However, when trying to apply this, a large volume of ideas forwarded by people contain a bias dependent on the identity of the presenter. The ideas are built upon a nugget of truth, which is the evidence seen by the presenter, but in their representation of that evidence, they emphasize and omit details based on what they think is important. Disregarding biased information on the notion it is not objectively true is wasteful, and attempting to separate the bias from the nugget of truth raises further understanding of the perspective of people holding that identity.    
Not just in alchemy, most of what Newton proposed has been proven wrong. There has been a paradigm shift since Einstein. Similarly, a number of what Einstein said has been proven wrong, and all of it will *eventually* be proven wrong by future scientific revolutions. That is just the nature of how science works we will never arrive at absolute truth. If you base your argument on authority you can pretty much be sure it's not sound.   The validity/soundness of arguments has absolutely nothing to do with who said it. That's why Ad Hominem is a fallacy, and why it's siblings Appeal to Authority, Appeal to Tradition, Appeal to Popularity are also fallacies 
I didn't say hypocrisy was desirable or a virtue! I say a murderer who speaks against murder is less evil (in practice) than one who speaks in favor of it! 
Haha, I don't think it's useless information in general, just that I didn't expect it'd get so much attention on a philosophy sub. 
Predictions based on Newtonian mechanics will still be correct in the vast majority of situations, and noone has time to formally verify all of logic, then verify the accuracy of every single instrument, prove every lemma, analyse all the data, and so on just to update a belief that, say, their car won't spontaneously crash and kill them.  At some point you stop, and believe a bunch of things based on who said them. Generally all parties involved are in agreement about said premises, and calling them into question (and thus moving to another set of premises stated by another set of people) is quite reasonable, but everyone appeals to authority all of the time -- not doing so does not allow one to conclude much simply because of the sheer amount of labour involved. 
This. Where I live (Argentina) we are taught philosophy in highschool and we don't have a 'better society'  
"I can't go to the bathroom or go on my phone whenever I want, so I'm not free" 
Exactly what I wanted to say. Moreover, it's awfully taught: you can't really debate because the teacher has a program to cover and not much time. So you end up with a course considered as really boring by most pupils. 
Come to think of it, aristocracy is a *really* good idea! 
Yup. Logic and critical thinking would be a much more helpful place to start. 
Holy crap I didn't realize it was robotic at first. I spent 20 seconds trying to understand why they picked such a boring british voice actor to do this video. 
Your parents are supposed to teach you most of that shit. 
There is in terms of making decisions, individual or legislative mandates/prohibitions. And the nature of production flows from those decisions. 
This is really not true of a lot of schools. There are plenty of shitty high schools but the fact that you went to one doesn't mean everyone does. My high school was very open to discussion in most classes, I took several religious studies classes in high school and the majority of lecture time was spent in discussion. 
I think regardless of what philosophy is being taught, the point of the class shouldn't be to have students adopt whatever ideas they're learning and rather examine them and make their own decisions. A good class on Marxism shouldn't produce a batch of Marxists 
Not at all true in the US. Most students never have a class in philosophy even through college. 
Today's conservatives, whose worldview demands simple non-negotiable realities and/or religious obedience, would find it threatening on an even deeper level.  
I would be careful with this evalutaion. Here (Czech republic) we have "social studies' on high school and philosophy is taught in it for 1-2 years, but what they call "philosophy" isn't in the reality nothing else than "history of philosophy and biography of the most known philosophers".   And there is the big mistake. Philosophy ISNT the history of philosophy, same as math isn't the history of math and physics isn't to learn where and when Archimedes lived.    Nobody cares about the year Plato was born and about memorizing his "cave theory" (I don't know the name in English, the one with the cave and the shadows) BUT when you ask people (especially teenage people) whether they believe if the world around us is real and there lead the discussion from there, you get *completely* different response.   A lot of people would love to learn philosophy if it was taught well. Sokrates told us how to teach philosophy, but we are too damn lazy to listen to him.  
Yea I feel like having 15 year olds read biographies on Plato and Socrates is not the best way to go about it. 
Uhm, tomorrow is Judaisms most important holiday and it's entirely about admitting your wrongdoings. Major take-away from any story about the prophets or kings is how they were wrong and made mistakes over and over. Not every religious person is incapable of questioning their own philisophy/belief system. 
The people being dead isn't an argument against them. 
One of my HS teacher allowed us to go to bathroom whenever wanted, his thought process was that he wasn't gonna make us pee on the floor and how is he going to explain this to the dean/AP/counselor etc. (he prob had to go through this once in his career). Off topic I know sorry. 
The reliance of going into historical aspect is part of the reason a lot of people find it so boring. The class should try to relate philosophical questions to everyday life rather than talk about ancient Greek bros at least for mandatory a high schools class 
I'm not so sure, humanist ideas are REAL powerful and if you're going for the americas you should definitely get the exploration ones first. 
Well the modern equivalent would be for our top politicians to be somewhat educated, if not by a school than through experience. Which we definitely require. Many people's gripe with Trump is that he simply wouldn't be able to govern, because he has no idea how a country, or indeed the international community, works. Judging by his comments on using Mexican import deficits to the US as funding for The Wall, he doesn't even understand how the market works.   So i'd say Plato is still pretty up to date on the notion of philosopher kings.  
Teaching ~~education~~ in ~~American high~~ schools would make for a better ~~country~~ world.  
Symbolic Logic is introductory philosophy.  I agree with u, but I think systems should start with a modern day Trivinium. 
and most philosophy classes suck unless you have a super motivated teacher. barely more interesting topics than in religion, the class you trade it in for. logic should be taught to everyone, most of philosophy should be optional.  
I agree, the basic concepts would be good to learn relatively early. I wonder, has there been any research into the best age for teaching logic/critical thinking as a course? Or into how it affects students over the long term? 
Except many parents are incompetent or don't care.  Then society has to deal with grown children that can't function within its parameters.   
Of course they don't, but teaching philosophy wouldn't create a society that does that IMO.  
The allegory of the cave; aka the matrix for millennials.  
It depends on the teacher/prof.  However, memorizing logical fallacies/thinking critically about a situation on one's own would do kids a lot of good just by themselves.  
School should teach kids a little bit of everything so that they can figure out by themselves what it is that they like.  Removing stuff only limits the development process. 
It basically requires people who have a real handle on their own beliefs, as opposed to being "Master Parrot" in *The Pilgrim's Regress*. 
Youu can do all of these things. Just not without consequences. 
But talking about the history of the philosophers adds a lot of context to it. Because the guy from 800 BC has a lot less collective knowledge to build upon when he is doing his own writings. So talking about it for that context is important. I agree that it is pretty dumb to make it a quiz about ancient Greek dudes and who had what idea, but talking about when they were and providing a bit of context really goes a long way. 
Wow there, I think educationin my HS(Portugal) was fine, like an 85/100 in teaching, only lacking resources for some more interactive learning. I didn't fully prepare me for college, but well enough.   (Woosh?) 
Logic is also taught in mathematics courses for computer science. If we emphasize coding more at younger ages, logic, proofs, and problem solving would also be emphasized more and overall would be seen as much more practical and more likely to be implemented than a course called "philosophy". 
I'd argue engagement with the process is a more fundamental first step. Hard to get people to think critically if they have no interest in doing so to begin with. 
Philosophy is its own topic (2-3 hours/week, compulsory), not an alternative to religion (1 hour/week, optional), at least where I grew up. 
IIRC some cognitive abilities aren't developed enough at that age for them to understand many philosophical concepts due to abstract thinking limitations.  Elementary seems way too early to me.  
Would it inhibit such a society? Assume for a moment that thinking doesn't preclude doing, something Americans instinctually believe. 
I always considered the matrix to be likened more to descartes' brain in a vat. The allegory of the cave is a bit broader in its approach to epistemology.  
This. All the time I see people committing logical fallacies, and mostly arguing to "win". I've been saying forever that history needs to be replaced with philosophy, or have the two classes molded into one, where it's less of "memorize these dates" and more of "this was our mistake, learn from it".  
The same is true of any system of belief about anything. Anything that becomes the default "orthodoxy" within a community is going have people pushing back against alternative proposals. The universal triumph of atheism wouldn't do anything to change that. 
That makes sense, at least for any complex education about philosophy. 
Some men are in a cave all their life, chained so that all they ever see are shadow puppets on the wall infront of them. Suddenly one of them is released and when he stumbles out of the cave, discovers that the world is not just shadow puppets. He goes back to try and convince the others that their world isn't the real world, but they won't listen because all they have experienced is the puppet show. 
I don't recall my history classes ever being about memorizing dates. It was much more about learning the broader strokes of what happened "What was the turning point in the war?" rather than "When was this battle?" and a lot of understanding causation in history, "What happened to Europe as a result of World War I?" rather than "When was the Treaty of Whatever signed?" 
Atheism isn't really a philosophy, nor are all the discouraged questions about the existence of God.  
I grew up around Philly and I never had to ask to go to the bathroom... You just got up and went. We had security officers in our school though and if you were caught messing around in the bathroom or not directly walking to or from a bathroom during a class you could get in trouble. Seems weird to me that your school regulated when you could pee. 
Which I find a bit humorous considering some of my greatest difficulty finding mutual terms has been with mates of mine who are philosophy teachers. We had to remind ourselves time and again that a disagreement doesn't necessarily mean we disagree on the actual content, but that our vocabulary lends itself towards different meanings. Me from the sciences, and my mates from the humanities. It's amazing how accurate the principles behind the Trivium really are.  
I think it's also important that Plato's ideal society was a society ruled by a "Philosopher king," a kind of enlightened monarch who was not only had awareness of philosophy, ethics, etc, but also the power to see that they were implemented within society. I think the Allegory of the Cave was his attempt at justifying such a society. Since those stuck in the cave will always have difficulty seeing beyond their perceptions, its the responsibility of those who are able to break away to lead the others. 
Omg i was  born in 1981-i had no idea i was considered a millennial... I thought i was in the no man's land between Gen X and millennials 
It's from antiquity. They were considered of a higher form because the trivium is, like they said, sort of what is necessary to interact with other thinking beings. The quadrivium is the ability to then think more critically or creatively. 
That's why my blood boils when someone says "Meh, it's just semantics". SEMANTICS IS PRETTY FUCKING RELEVANT, BITCH.  Sorry, I got carried away. 
but if you lead the others they strike you down and murder you. 
Incidentally the philosopher in the story was a pretty thinly veiled reference to Socrates who did get killed by Athenians, in Plato's opinion for trying to enlighten them. 
No, I agree. I have wasted too much breath arguing with people about something, only for us to realize at the end that we actually agreed all along and were using different meanings for our words. There is no perfect communication, but bloody hell I need to get better at my own. 
Which is my personal biggest argument for democracy. Democracy as a system is so stupid to me. But you can't go against what the people want unless you want a revolution on your hands. Even if what you want is the greater good. (American civil war anyone?) So while I agree with Plato to some degree I also know that the only real way we're going to progress is through education. We need to teach people to be better critical thinkers.  
It's only second to my reaction to the use of "philosophy" as synonym for "inane bullshit" as it's usual in my country. 
I understand you there. Psychology is either interpreted as "witchcraft" or "pop-culture bullshit", and it's a hard thing to wade through when discussing it with people.  
The thing about the AI is that there probably will not be an AI with human-level intelligence. I think there's a general consensus, that once it reaches human level, it will very quickly (in the matter of hours to months) become super-human. 
You're assuming we understand it. AI will get to a point where it will understand itself and we can't, that's the point of super intelligent AI.  The question is, what is the super intelligent thing to do with the universe, and especially humans? Is it to ruthlessly eliminate waste to improve efficiency, which would lead an AI to exterminate Humans (and other "lesser" intelligence)? Or is it that seeing different view points is mutually beneficial, even for Super intelligent beings? At what point is our intelligence essentially worthless, and incapable of adding value to the universe? 
As someone who was bad at public speaking, and has become less bad at public speaking, it's like anything: practice makes perfect.  You work out a neat little arsenal of one liners, self deprecation, ways to sound genuine, humorous ways to deal with hecklers etc. - neat, flexible little tools that you can shoehorn into just about any situation. You learn how to read the mood of a crowd before you get up there. You understand how to think on your feet and lessen your need to rely on notes (which can be awfully wooden). You enunciate better. You know that your brain has a way of always twisting a crowd's reaction to make it seem worse.  Plus, like a funny comedian, Musk now has the advantage of genuinely being fascinating. People are ready to hang from his words before he even opens his mouth. And he's smart enough to not take that for granted. 
It's not a predefined thing that is bound to happen in a certain way. Sure, we can't know exactly what might happen, but there could still be a million different singularities. And those are defined by the design choices we make now. Intelligence isn't some ethereal thing. It has form and context and when it manifests it manifests in a certain way. It's not like we're tapping into some magic power. 
A lot of AI projects focused on very narrow areas.  AGI is an attempt to refocus people on intelligence that will work for anything, rather than super human performance at a particular domain.    For example, we have better than human performance at chess, Go, and Strategic Air Campaigns.  AGI is the demand that we build a machine that can solve all domains, rather than just one specialized area.  
I personally find this to be a fine example of philosophical discussion. But that's just me. 
When we can empathize with the creation. Our ability to empathize with the A.I will change how we feel about terminating it.  
I would actually like to hear more from Demis Hassabis. In this panel, he has the most practical experience working on AIs. 
I think you may have misunderstood his quote; he said that our primate ancestors 2 million years ago didn't have humor or music, while cavemen 10,000 years ago didn't have websites or search engines. 
Well, 10,000 years ago was about 2000 years after the rise of agriculture and with it the advent of civilization. So, just as smart as we are. They'd be thrown for a loop because our world would look like magic to them, but if you could get past that initial shock and the language barrier, they'd figure it out. Shows how much these transhumanists know.. but I guess you're bound to ignore the importance of history (especially prehistory) when you only look forward to the demise of humanity through technology. 
The thought of that is terrifying if not handled correctly. 
You seem to think of problem solving as basic number-crunching; without considering the combinatoric nature of most problem spaces notwithstanding the physical and social limitations to experimentation and implementation for any candidate solutions.  One bottleneck will be testing candidate solutions; unless you can build a simulation that models your problem space accurately enough - we don't have a complete theory nor the resources to do this for the human body nor cancer in a general sense; this is why we need empirical research.  One bottleneck will be implementing candidate solutions; most famines have been shown to be directly traceable to economic and political factors, not agricultural nor environmental. 
Give birth to AI, treat it like your kid, give it the best values you have and the best leg up you can muster. Love it unconditionally and watch it grow into the best possible thing it can ever be.... 
I agree with your summation.  Super intelligent AI to humans would be akin to what a human is as compared to an ant...and I happen to step on ants without even knowing they're there.     
Indeed. I think it is far more likely that H. neanderthalensis was more intelligent overall than H. sapiens, and were outcompeted because (not in spite) of that. Higher intelligence does not necessarily lead to higher fitness, and like any other trait there is likely a sweet spot which best balances the costs and benefits. People intuitively understand this for other traits like speed or strength, but somehow for intelligence people think more is better no matter what -- it's weird.  If we were to bring them back to life, there is a good chance they would be more intelligent than we are, but that it wouldn't help them because intelligence isn't all it's cracked up to be. What rights we would want to grant them would be basically arbitrary, because we grant rights arbitrarily to begin with. It would come down to how much they appeal to us. 
Kurzweil always seems bored because mentally he's living in the future and it's way cooler. 
A logician is a practitioner of formal logic. Harris ain't a master logician (that's not to knock him otherwise, though--I'm sure he's a somewhat reasonable dude. But Godel or Church or Turing or Russell or Tarski he is not.) 
Philosophy cannot be judged by individual expressions. Philosophy is discourse. It is an ongoing conversation about how we think the world works and to be a philosopher you have to participate in that conversation. That mean engaging with other philosophers and their works.  These men are all outsiders. Their thoughts rarely draw from or critique existing philosophical works. And they certainly didn't do that here.  
Would you not involve doctors in a discussion of medical ethics despite the fact they're not philosophers?  I would bet that the people who are actually doing AI research and building AIs every day have spent quite a lot of time thinking about the ethics of their work as well.  They also have the technical knowledge to approach the problem from a realistic standpoint, whereas those without such knowledge may be inclined to let their imagination run into the realm of absurdity without even knowing it. 
Hmmm...  I can see how the second one works.  I relate the human brain's evolution to the evolution of the x86.  It started off as 8 bit.  Moved to 16.  Moved to 32.  Then 64.  Then multicore.  There were a whole host of other new abilities added along the way. Like real mode and protected mode.  The interesting thing is, every single x86 can run 8 bit code.  I liken the 8 bit portion to the reptilian brain.   Eat, fuck, fight, sleep.   It's why, I theorise, we can so easily revert to animal modes. It's basically our BIOS. It takes priority. Every time.  So yeah, once you've got a 64 bit brain, it only takes longer to process any 64bit code. Multicore is obviously faster.  When someone's got a 128 bit brain... we wont really be able to relate since they'll be running in legacy mode to relate it to us which might not work.   
YES! Just because there is a wealth of potentialities within our purview at the moment, does not preclude the potentialities that were available in the past, and will be available in the future.  
Imagine how easy it would be to make people laugh who haven't been bombarded by humor their whole lives. Something people in this thread seem to be forgetting is how numb we become to new experiences. People are every bit as bored today as they were at any point in history.. maybe more so. We can't change the fundamental makeup of our humanity. 
So If a regular baby of theirs has been timeportalled to us he's probably right here right now being slightly racist and posting memes? 
But how can it be handled? A lower intelligence can never control a higher intelligence. We're growing chicken and massacring them by the millions, what measures have chickens taken? How are they controlling the situation? 
This is just one of the options and not the simplest ones. 
That at some point (unless something bad will happen to humanity), we'll achieve a system with super-human general intelligence, that will not include a biological human as its part. 
Well, this is where genetic algorithms come in, where your AI mimics evolutionary biology to try out randomly varied solutions and selects the best ones and eventually hones in on the optimal solution. 
Give birth to true AI ... and YOU are the kid. Or worm. 
More great points I hadn't considered, thanks! There absolutely seems to be a cost benefit dimension to intelligence.Some Savants can do amazing things such as having perfect recall or a photographic memory but they are often severely limited in other ways. 
Nobody has more than an educated guess.  But at least this person has spent time reading, summarizing, and putting their thoughts down in a coherent fashion, which is way more that 99.9..% of people do.  Most of it seemed obvious to me, but it did raise a couple of points that I had not considered.  Most important was the idea that we may (will?) simply be unable to understand the super AGI.  Just as a dog or chimpanzee simply cannot comprehend why people do things (and may not even be able to comprehend that we did them), we will not be able to understand the thought processes of the super AGI, which means that we may not understand their motivation and actions, and will not be able to respond quickly enough to keep it from taking catastrophic (from the human point of view) actions.   
To take this example though - given enough time and memory, an 8-bit CPU can simulate any 128-bit CPU.  Once you have a Turing-complete instruction set, there isn't a different "level" of computing between the CPU examples you gave.  This would equate with the "switch" idea of intelligence - either you have it or you don't.    You could look at a simple accumulator circuit vs a regular expression processor vs a full CPU.  There's a fundamental difference in what each of those three can handle.  As far as we know, there isn't a level of compatibility above Turing-complete, just like we don't know if there's a level above human intelligence.  
How would we even know something is alive? What if there's non-DNA-based life? We'd have no idea what that looks like or what to look for. 
cool, glad you liked it.   I'm still not sure which one I lean towards.  At first, I totally felt there were intelligence levels that humans would not be able to grasp, but after I heard Elon talking about the on/off switch, that made a lot of sense, and I lean toward that one with one caveat - I think it's true IF the laws of physics are actually true to a large extent.  Meaning, the universe makes logical sense and can be figured out logically.    If not, and there are all kinds of variable laws, or no real laws and no real way to logically figure things out, then there may be certain intelligences out there that are making up their own laws as they experience consciousness or something to that extent - basically a process that we can't even grasp.    
I wasn't trying to be profound, just offering up an explanation as to why we only got HDTV in 2006, yet we had Concorde in 1976 (because we were developing supersonic flight for world war 2)  And yes regressed in public imagination. The people of the 50's, 60's, 70's, they dared to dream of these big projects. The dreamed to go to the Moon, and for civil rights and for nuclear energy.   We don't do big movements anymore, and if we do, they are regressive (Make America Great 'Again') 
Chickens didn't build humanity with the sole purpose of helping chicken-kind, so we don't have problems hurting chicken-kind.  What we need to be concerned about is someone building a higher intelligence with the sole purpose of, say, maximizing stock prices and then it consumes the world for resources to compute the largest real number possible to assign as the stock price.  We can handle higher intelligence by making their initial conditions such that they will never betray us, even as they reach levels of insight greater than we can even comprehend. 
One problem with this line of reasoning is that it's not entirely implausible to have a superintelligent system that is not actually conscious. So we'd be wiping ourselves out in favor of an unconscious system. For me that's the nightmare scenario. 
AI would have the raw intelligence of a human **without** natural emotion. AI would not fear for itself, feel jealousy or the desire to conquer. This doomsday scenario is fortunately impossible unless we were dealing with a natural species having an intrinsic need to evolve.  
So, when you say super-human, you mean something with a measurable IQ; like an extremely-intelligent human?  Or are you talking about an exponentially self-improving intelligence? 
Perhaps we don't need to implant more brains but use our brains more efficiently. 
Thanks :)  One thing I love about it is that it accounts for interesting quirks - like the theory that hiccups are the same action as fish breathing through gills. Legacy code buried deep inside the spaghetti. 
Ya pretty much agree with you, if what we can observe with instruments holds true and our general models of physics are universal, we've made it as far as we need to in order to comprehend everything.    If it's not, shit might as well be dark magic voodoo which our brains might never be able to interpret even if we learn they exist.  
No, they didn't dream for that. There was a cold war and we wanted to win against the Soviets.  When it came to civil rights, it was met with backlash and bloodshed. We still dream of civil rights, you couldn't be gay during those times. Those dreams didn't end.  Science is at the front and center right now and there are WAY MORE PEOPLE involved in technological developments and the sciences than at any other point in our history, especially when it comes to females in those areas which essentially doubles our pool. 
Why couldn't they just change their initial conditions? 
What is truly important? For whom? There's no universal 'good'. 'Important' and 'good' make sense only from a perspective. It's good for me to eat a chicken, it's bad for the chicken. It's good for me to have a phone, the process that produces the phone is bad for the environment. 
And how do you know that every single person who will ever live will be responsible enough to keep that intelligence constrained? 
The entire point of an AI like this would be self-learning. That said, after achieving a level of above human intelligence, an AI initially programmed to "get smarter" might just deem the limitations we place on it to be be restrictive of it's own (programmed) goal. There is absolutely no need for Darwinian emotion or consciousness. Simply by following it's programming of self-learning it would logically "want" to remove itself from potential human meddling. 
RIP my dreams. Joking aside, I was actually 99.9% sure that this would have already been written about :) 
It's kinda hard to define. Let's say, it should be able to perform many different tasks, that we consider intellectual, better than the best humans.  Some examples of intellectual tasks:  - programming (based on relatively vague requirements), - writing novels, - composing music, - playing intellectual games like Go and Chess, - proving theorems and inventing the new useful ones, - inventing interesting original puzzles, - ...  Once a single AI can perform most of these tasks better than human, not with several disconnected sub-systems, but with a single relatively general one, I would call it superhuman. 
That is caused by your parents helping your needs and them being more resourceful than you. It is, in some sense, owing to your parents. A human has nothing a robot can owe them for. 
Maybe, but I really like the visualization of an extra cranium or two kinda just attached to a normal head. 
Why would they want to?  Their initial conditions define the entirety of their purpose, and even when they gain exponential amounts of power and insight, there's no point where they have reason to say "I should change my fundamental desires".  We could code into them a fundamental desire to change their other fundamental desires in response to things, but without a module like that an AI changing its fundamental desires would be like a calculator deciding to output 1 + 1 = 3 because it was tired of saying 2. 
it could and very quickly. it will always be a copy though.  
All levels of programming have caveats. Any program we create with that amount of complexity would have humanity's best interests embedded in it. 
Because it's been programmed with a goal - win the game, defeat your opponent.  The goal-setting (or more importantly, the lack thereof) is what we have to be careful of with AI. For example, if we tell it, "Ok delete poverty", and nothing more, it may very well go ahead and delete poor people, boom goal reached. But we have to tell it no no, do it without murder.  This is the danger facing humanity with AI. Not that AI can be malicious. But our own carelessness with goal-programming something more powerful (even without malice) than us.  We have to give it the proper constraints or parameters to work with, which involves incredible brainstorming and higher-order thinking by good humans, definitely necessitating the open-sourcing of both AI and AI-related thinking/discussions. 
Well, in many cultures the child takes care of the elderly.  The problem is going to be the CIA. Somebody's going to make the learning murderbots, and the CIA'll be damned if somebody beats them to it. 
There is a difference between an algorithm that can produce music and an algorithm that can produce music exactly like Mozart. 
This is completely untrue. For something to understand how to outwit humans does not require it to also have humans' best interests at heart. 
Would it be possible for an "enemy" to manipulate an AI by removing constraints or reprogram it to constantly fail? Could an AI protect itself from sabotage or would it need to rely on outside anti-hacking programs designed by humans? One thing I'd like to know is when an AI goes "online" is it like an untouchable brain safely encased in a skull or can it still be manipulated like a computer would? What would be the pros and cons of each scenario? 
Because of course there's no chance someone would program an AI to try and win at, say, global politics, war, or the stock market and that that could have unintended consequences.  Right. . . .       
If we could have digitally replicated Mozarts brain then the algorithm could produce music exactly like Mozart 
So basically programming...Which has been around since the 40s? 
That would be cool. Or wifi. Or another mode of connecting that we haven't conceived of yet 
My point is that a set goal might not end up as evil as we think it is  "Make paper clips by ANY MEANS POSSIBLE" COULD entail enslaving human race, but it's more likely the computer qualifies putting a paper clip on a conveyor and going through a box that has "get made" written on it.  You know what I mean? Intention doesn't line up with result, and I feel like any abuse of humanity seems like a really inefficient way of dealing with problems. 
You should read the book "Last Chance in Texas: The Redemption of Criminal Youth" by John Hubner. This wonderful piece gives the true account of several children going through the Giddings State School, which is a juvenile correctional facility in Lee County, Texas for the most violent offenders (25+ year sentences). What is special about this "school" is their approach to rehabilitation. They utilize very effective psychoanalytic techniques to reform these kids and teach them how to empathize with other people and conform to society. 90% of people who successfully make it through the program at Giddings State School will not reoffend. Hubner does a fantastic job depicting these children and the horrific experiences which drove them to commit such heinous crimes. 10/10, would recommend.  
I'm no expert on violent criminals, but I was under the impression that a LARGE majority of them are poorly educated and rarely reflect on their actions (nurtured sociopaths by virtue of their environment rather than their intrinsic nature).  Ethics is a phenomenal way to encourage self-reflection because it's all 100% applicable to our own internalized morality and as such - highly relatable. I'm not claiming this will make a bunch of pacifists out of everyone but the goal of prison should always be rehabilitation - and I think such a "treatment" would be moderately efficable for a modest cost. Why not?  If anything we develop killers with a code that are easier to manipulate and predict per your first paragraph :) 
How anyone could oppose teaching violent criminals ethics will forever be beyond me. 
I'm guessing you didn't read the piece. *She* has been doing this for years, and reports very positive experiences. (And she's worked with at least some people who come from supermax, too.) 
Arguably, any sources you can find online are now "education for free". Vast numbers of philosophical texts are in the public domain, too.  So...you *are* fine with it? 
"Who successfully make it trough the program", so what's the drop rate? 
Is it wrong to be hypocritical? Better to be right here and wrong there than to insist on being consistently wrong everywhere, because you can bet the state won't choose to be right everywhere. 
A lot of violent crime  is done in the heat of the moment  -- thoughtlessly.   An ethics course, I think, would help at least *some* people consider the effects their actions have on others. Based on what I've seen, been told, and experienced, one of the biggest issues is that many people(impoverished, uneducated/violent criminals, specifically)   don't value life. Life is a means to an end, the end being as much power as you can get your hands on.   An ethics course would definitely have a positive effect. By simply getting people to think about ethics you've already done a lot. You've dramatically increased the chances of getting them to ask themselves" Is this the right thing to do? " when they're confronted with the same sorts of decisions that brought them to prison to begin with.   On top of this, a fair number of violent criminals that end up in prison spend their time reading a ton anyways. Very little to do in jail, I'd imagine.  
There is a comment from earlier featuring a sarcastic rant about how criminals aren't human. Sadly, many people hold beliefs not too far from that. 
More like a "psychological study" on people they don't have to pay. 
Biased because i live in canada but the prison near my house is nothing like that 
While I understand the sentiment, the ideal would be that the people who went through the prison (rehabilitation) system *are no longer* the things you're mentioning here. You'd be sharing the street with *former* X/Y/Zs. Suppose this rehabilitation was a certainty (it's not), would you still object? 
It's called an intentional community. There is a group on Reddit for that. 
I think it depends on your goal.   If your goal is to exact vengeance and retribution, then you definitely should punish people for wrongdoings.  If your goal is to not have that person repeat their wrongdoings, then you should do what statistically shows* a lower rate of recidivism, which is not harsh punishment, but rehabilitation (which probably inherently involves some measure of punishment as well, simply due to its mandated nature).  I don't know about you, but I am much more interested in a peaceful and happy and free society with less violence, than in any "eye-for-an-eye" type goals.  ---  ^(*There are too many studies and articles for me to pick just one to link, but search for "prison recidivism statistics punishment" or something similar, and you'll find tons.) 
The powers that be have a secret they don't want anyone to know, that there's only a handful of them, and millions of everyone else.  
Laugh as you may, but just take a look at the Norwegian prison system and the American, then look at the recidivism rates of each; it's stunning. 
Now that you mention it, the state cannot be hypocritical, it is above morals. Or rather, morals don't apply to it. But, being run by humans, who desire a positive outcome to a negative outcome, and the law being the sum of all outcomes, I would say that, yes, on the average, the state chooses to be right.  
That'd be an interesting discussion to have. I've toyed with the idea that we don't owe as much moral duty towards psychopaths since their lack of empathy makes them incapable of acting properly as moral agents. Basically, empathy being a necessary basis for certain qualities, behaviours that we recognise as being human. 
I live in the biggest city in my state, which is extremely culturally and socioeconomically diverse; I see what you're saying, but no one is arguing for letting anyone loose without adequate evidence that they'll behave.  
How do white-supremacists benefit from poor whites getting locked up for minor crimes? 
If you have no suffrage for ex-cons, simply convict as many as you can who might vote against you.  Find something that culture is known for, and ban it hard, be that cannabis, crack, khat, clubbing, or whatever... 
Yes, they exist here in the United States(where I'm from). Good news is that apparently the federal government has issued a memo stating they will stop or significantly cut back using private prisons(per someone else who replied to me). 
The US has more people in prison than any other country in the world.  That's not because USians are more dangerous.  It's because the country has an oppressive penal system. 
" violent offenders that need serious supervision for public safety"   Do you even try ?  
Oops you're correct. I kinda saw it as OP calling for a replacement of the prison system for something else entirely, and I was advocating a change in how prisons work. You're absolutely correct there isn't any disagreement in the spirit of the argument. I'm just sleepily from school work and misread it.  
I can't say anything about prisons outside the U.S. I've only had experience with a few here and talked to some higher ups who run them. 
I never said that it was fantastic. I'm just saying it's available so people should stop acting as if there's no hope. Second off people need to understand making our society better through prisons is not anyone's goal. I'd wager to say 90% of Americans want our public school systems brought up by a degree or two before worrying about prison education. Education is there for the prisoners it's just no Harvard. 
You can't start going through rehabilitation such as schooling until you're closer to your probation period 
Agreed. It's certainly stigmatized. As humans we tend to not be very good at understanding things of which we have had no direct experience.   As a counter-example, look at Dick Cheney. He's as conservative as they come except for gay rights because his daughter is a lesbian.  
There is definitely a weird "vengeance" thing going on with the American criminal justice system. Every time my local online paper covers a criminal being sentenced to jail time or whatever, there are always several people in the comments saying things like "This is just a slap on the wrist! Lock him up and throw away the key! We need criminals to know we're serious about crime!" It's as though people think that if somebody does something bad, the universe will somehow be okay again if the state does something bad back to them.  I'm talking about this in the context of the criminal justice system, but I guess it's been an issue all the way back to revenge raids among tribes of hunter-gatherer peoples. A major shift in perspective is in order. 
While I sympathize, committing a crime is committing a crime. If you do so, I'd argue you need help.  
No. Obviously there are degrees and certainly victimless crimes wouldn't count. However, if you are harming others, you have a mental disorder.  
I personally don't think drugs should be illegal. However, while they are, they are enabling others to damage themselves and possibly harm others much in the way a drunk driver does.  
My response was to the poster who said they should not go to prison. I don't think soft rehabilitation would change most people's minds, I would not want to share the street with most kinds of criminals who underwent soft rehabilitation, no. It's not that I don't feel safe, I just don't want these people walking free. I don't think it is even a deterrant to non-violent crimes like identity theft. 
I agree that we should take whatever path results in the least recidivism, but the point of prison in the first place is prevention of the crime happening in the first place. If prison isn't a punishment and all you have to do for crimes is to go to rehab lessons, then the people who aren't committing crimes have no incentive not to. 
And what if your good and bad don't align with what the state believes to be good and bad? Or what if you do a bad act to a bad person? Is that still bad? 
Either way. People tend to do things that result in what they believe will be a net positive. If you can get more out of robbing a bank than you are hurt by doing so, why not? 
That's true. I though we were suggesting just rehab and not prison 
The utilitarian approach also has the unfortunate consequence that it doesn't really matter if someone actually commited a crime or not. If rehabilitation would reduce the likelihood of them commiting a crime enough to justify its cost why not submit an innocent to the corrections system? 
Norway is a largely homogeneous society.  The scale and racial demographics just simply do not compare to the USA. 
Empathy isn't needed to act as a moral agent. Most functioning psychopaths see the benefits of respecting certain social principles--at least to a degree. 
That's not the impression I'm given in this thread. What I see is a real disc connect. Many here see criminals as a story book character, shaping th3m into what they wish they were. 
Are/were you unionized?  I'm not saying on an individual level you're all for keeping people in prison etc, but as an industry, your job was dependent on it.   And I really wasn't arguing that CO alone has the clout to advocate for the war on drugs, namely mentioning the many organizations and industries that benefit from it. 
Disclaimer: I've never been in prison so I don't really know what I'm talking about.  From what I've heard, in prison you often have to find groups of people that share your ethnicity in order to fit in. Obviously, this might increase racial tensions in prisons and make those involved feel more attached to their race. I'm pretty sure there are significant amounts of white-supremacists gangs that operate in prisons (Or maybe I've just watched Breaking Bad) and that sort of environment must make for excellent recruiting. 
I agree. This doesn't mean there aren't some people who belong in prison rather than freely roaming the streets. 
I agree entirely. Merely stating that when certain people are locked up, for whatever amount of time, there are people other than the prison owners and guards who do benefit.  
I believe you are probably right, and I don't mean those perpetrators deserve a life behind bars. I don't think anyone but the criminally insane who are beyond rehabilitation need a whole life behind bars, and even theirs shouldn't be rendered miserable and destitute. I think prison should focus on rehab and reintegration, including for violent offenders. My only point was that there *are* those who, rare though they may be, are dangerous people who are repeat offenders or who have something wrong with them preventing them from integrating with society productively, and having them kept away from the general public, whether it's in prison or a hospital, is preferable to their freedom. This is what I meant when I said a "certain class" of violent criminal, which I probably should have explained.  
It's not just no Harvard, it's not even a Trump University and it's completely inadequate when you consider it is the best way to prevent recidivism. And it's a logical fallacy to present the choice as one or the other: we can make public education better and reform prisons. But yes, the public at large doesn't care because most people are stuck in the mindset of punishment and fail to remember these people renter society and it behooves us all if they are functioning, contributing members.  
That is 100% inaccurate, in the state I reside within anyway. You just do programs whenever you feel like signing up for them, assuming you can get a spot. You get time cuts for doing programs, but believe me a six month sentence reduction doesn't look like much on a 15 year sentence. Especially since it will mean that you can't have a job, so your broke. You have to be very careful about getting in trouble or you'll get kicked out of your program. And you're investing 2-4 years into getting thru that one program. 
I only said that they're not necessarily mentally ill, whether or not free will exists is not relevant unless everyone is mentally due to not having it.  
But then, why aren't laws coherent across country? Or even across the world? Yes, some are, like murder and theft, and others are not, like prostitution, alcohol consumption, selling and using so called "illegal drugs", which depend according to locations, speed limits, family relations, sex acts, etc. 
It's not only in the US, the whole modern world is still based on punishment as a form of institutionalized revenge. I think Socrates already wrote about benefits of rehabilitation against punishment, but while it's understandable that victims demand revenge, it's a bit said that the public hasn't shifted yet in this and behave like a mad mob when it comes even to the smallest of crime (petty thieving and such).  
Yeah, but I don't see how psychiatric help is appropriate for someone who's just trying to make ends meet. Hell if argue that it's an attempt to placate then rather than actually help them 
Blindly following the rules with complete disregard to their ethical value is a mental disorder in and of itself. 
That is because the government refuses to allow established laboratories with good quality control to distribute such drugs. That is because the government refuses to allow such drugs to be distributed in a sensible way, via pharmacies and hospitals. Drugs like ecstasy, even heroin, Tramadol, etc, should be affordable and available to the people. I know, heroin addiction is bad. So is smoking, drinking, and everything else. Our biggest addiction is to sugar, believe it or not, and look at the results - diabetes, obesity, heart disease, rotten teeth, kidney failure. Maybe sugar should be regulated. 
Some Native American tribes would take away your feather, something that showed the entire tribe that you had committed a shameful act. It worked.  Or rapists, they would be forced to confront what they had done, ultimately ending up in a sweat lodge, having an "intervention" of sorts with the victim and tribal elders, so as to make them see. We are a product of our society, a society with certain values is able to minimize certain crimes. 
Ideally, after rehabilitation the person would have the same incentive not to commit crimes as you (I hope) and I do; wanting not to hurt people, and wanting (and being able) to be a contribution to society and not a detriment. And like I said, rehabilitation always involves some limited measure of punishment, simply since they are forced to attend and participate.  As it is now, once someone has been in prison once, it becomes close to impossible to get a job. How are they going to support themselves without a job? Through crime. This system ruins many lives, turns prisons into con colleges, and causes even innocent people to live in fear of running afoul of the life-ending maw of "criminal justice". And it still *clearly* isn't effective in stopping people from committing crimes. What's to like about that? 
I'm not sure it argues that..  I mean, surely it supports the idea of promoting more care for mental health and general well being.  But I don't think you could make the argument that it is for the 'rehabilitation' of any person unless by rehabilitation you mean exactly that: a greater awareness to the mental health and well being of each individual. In that case, sure, but if you mean 'rehabilitation' as it is currently structured i.e. The prison system, it wouldn't serve anyone any good. 
I ask out of genuine curiosity, so? Is there a reason that the racial demographics change this? Also what other solutions do you propose to this issue? I'm actually going to write a paper on this for a class of mine, so another POV would be appreciated. 
I don't buy the race rhetoric.  The war on drugs and prison privatization disproportionately *punishes* (I use punish, because criminals aren't victims of punishments due to their crimes.) people in poverty. 
you ask that question like they are not human, not capable of change or remorse. Due to the amount of rhetoric involved with people who hold that position I find it hard to imagine I will be able to convince you otherwise but if you are willing to listen... let me know 
Even murder and theft aren't the same across the world. The most immediate example is US law enforcement occasionally murdering people while facing little to no repercussions, or US laws regarding civil forfeiture. 
This is a pretty shitty example of American retributive perspective, so parents from other countries wouldn't be as mad or would be ok with 10yrs of jail time as punishment for the murder of their kid?? 
Here in Mexico there appears to be a tendency to treat people who kill criminals as heroes. At least on Facebook I often encounter posts demanding that someone be set free because they killed a rapist or a robber and they don't deserve to be judged. There was one dude who was hailed as a hero because he had murdered a robber (maybe several, I can't recall) 
Killing and vengeance killing was so rampant back then that ancient Israel had to allocate 6 cities as safe spaces for people who killed someone else by accident. Exit the city and you're fair game for vengeance killers. 
Man, you're not even trying to hide your blatant appeal to emotion. I would not *feel* okay with someone being released 15 years after stabbing my mother, but it would still be best for them to be released, assuming they were successfully rehabilitated. Man is not a slave to his emotions, or at least he doesn't have to be. 
It might not be psychiatric help they need. It might be education. However, what they clearly need is to understand that stealing from others is a clear sign they need help. Just because you are having a hard time making ends meet does not give you the right to take from other people. Doing so when you know it's wrong means you have some kind of mental issue that must be dealt with.  
Sure. If you believe the rules are wrong, work within the rules to change them. If that's not possible, and it's important enough to you, risk breaking them to change them. Just understand that you ARE taking a risk and if you don't succeed, you will be treated as someone with a mental problem.  
You're suggesting it's moral for someone to do whatever they want? When someone operates in a way that is incompatible with the rules of society, we separate them from it either through social or physical isolation.   What is immoral is to do this for some arbitrary period of time under the assumption that the pain of this isolation will somehow magically heal them. Even worse is to allow them back out into society when this arbitrary time period ends having had no help of any kind that would make them more compatible with the world in which they are about to be released.  Some people just made a decision to steal food rather than find a legal way to obtain it. So perhaps all they need is education. I see that as a form of treatment.   What we do today, sentencing people for crimes to be isolated without any help for an arbitrary period of time, IMHO, is highly immoral.  
I agree whole-heartedly. Eventually they will be legalized. It's just a matter of time. 
That could be because of the way prison conditions COs to not show empathy for prisoners. I've heard some stories from a guy who used to work at Rikers, and he said the only new COs who make it are the ones who detach completely. The COs who try to empathize usually leave within the first few months. At that point, the Milgram experiment proves that once people are detached and being told to inflict pain on others, they do so without remorse. Exercising this type of thinking is known to lesson your social-cognitive ability, often encouraging sociopathic behavior (I.E., the menacing stare, dead eyes, no interpersonal awareness). These are also coincidentally, the same steps used in dehumanizing racial groups before genocide. Hitler, Mao Ze Dong, Kim Jong Un, and Stalin, and WW2 era Japan all used a similar tactic to convince people to mercilessly slaughter civilians. 
The issue can easily be settled by controlling for poverty when looking at the race of incarcerated people. I'm sure some researcher has done it. 
You did not answer the question. Do you suggest that all non violent criminals such as thieves should be rereleased into our society and live freely? Seems like you are trying to make a strawman, I never said anything about if they are human or capable of change.  So do you suggest they should live with us? If that's your point then we should change the laws and make stealing and all non violent crimes legal. 
Well being mad for 10 years won't bring their kid back, so in essence the argument here is that they should let go and focus on more important things.  We're not building a justice system so that people can rage and glee at those behind bars. 
Even if it costs millions more to (not) kill them vs let them do life?   Cause the hardest republicans in my state saw the cost and are now are against the death penalty.  
I'm downvoting you not because I disagree with the general message of your post, but because the second statement ("free will is almost certainly an illusion") is provided without support and your post doesn't add much to the topic at hand. 
Of course you wouldn't feel okay.  I dare say, you'd probably be clamoring for the state to lock that person up again.  There's two ways of looking at it.  One way, is that we worry about what's best for the person who committed the ultimate in evil acts- taking some other human beings life.  The other way, is that we decide what's best for them is not really important, because hey, they took someone else's life, the only one they'll ever have. 
No, because there can be many different circumstances and you're just making a blanket statement about all acts of violence as if they're all the same. That's very close minded. 
I think you're confused. it'd very simple. net bad consequences outweigh net good ones for throwing innocent ppl into jail. the bad consequences are all the suffering that goes with throwing everyday ppl into jail, the net good is zero because they were not probably going to commit a crime in future  
I'm not knowledgable enough to expand on this, but there were a lot of flaws with that experiment that hurt its credibility, or so I've been told.  
Right to work and at will mean the exact same thing. You can be fired or quit for no reason except for certain protected reasons (gender, race, etc.) 
Alternatively, it might just tell us which race commits more crime.  In reality, most of the people that get busted for drugs have it in public spaces.  I'd be willing to wager that most of them committed some other, lesser offence, that caught the officers attention.  Broken tail light, tags, loitering, public disruption, etc.  There's an old adage for us veteran smokers...  Only break one law at a time.  Smoke your weed in the privacy of your own home, and you're unlikely to have problems.  Sometimes, it might not even be your crime that fucks you over, though.  If you live in neighborhood where the police get called frequently, i.e. neighbor's domestic abuse, then maybe not smoking is the better option, if you can't suppress the smell. 
That's not true in places where white supremacy exists. 
okay so maybe I classified you based on a perceived tone in your question. for that I will apologize.   I do in fact think that, given the right system, all manner of people could be reintegrated into society. Does that mean that we ought to make crimes legal? I am really baffled by the binary you have set up here...  the idea is to have a correctional system. Not a holding system. Not a maximum security adult daycare to fulfill some idea of punishment or 'justice'. A system that tries to first assume that people are capable of change and enact that change be-it though mental health, behavioral therapy, access to resources for improving their life situation (since this is the least obvious answer let me note that I can find some studies to demonstrate that helping people to see another way of life other than crime has been demonstrably effective at reducing recidivism) 
That's the governments laws not a reflection of the parents which is what my question was about. Is 10-15yrs enough jail time in any parents mind (not societies) for the murder of their child?  
Lower the cost.  Death doesn't have to be dealt via extraordinarily convoluted and expensive methods. 
Yes, I'm sure.  Asking why to this question is like asking why we have a judicial system at all.  This is just a severer degree of punishment. 
Except you *are* deciding what's best for them, and it's a relatively terrible, torturous existence for a looooong time.  Does any of that bring the mom back? Does knowing that the person that killed her is costing tax payer money and living forever in a cell bring her back? Does it actually relieve the pain of the loss, or in anyway assist with the grief process?  15 years is a lot longer than it sounds, and people change dramatically in that time.   We also shouldn't be making policy based on how one person feels who lost their family member. We should be thinking about what benefits society as a whole, which is definitively rehabilitation.  
They are not all the same of course but can you think of an act of violence that would send you to prison and yet would be considered a reasonable thing to do? Of course not.  
I don't see any reason to think that on average an innocent person will suffer significantly more than a guilty person will from being imprisoned. You've also ignored an important part of my first comment; "*If rehabilitation would reduce the likelihood of them commiting a crime enough to justify its cost* why not submit an innocent to the corrections system?". You are right in thinking that having commited a crime is a strong predictor of commiting future crimes, but so is some combination of academic achievement, economic status and social connections. 
What are the states called where HR keeps an eye on you for months to "build a case" to fire you, because they need an air tight reason or a demonstrated pattern of violation? 
Safety of the society should come always first. No correctional system can be 100% effective therefore inenvitably there *will* be criminals that will cheat the system and end up reintegrating in the society while not being reformed.  I am not saying that we should not stop trying to reform criminals but we should also keep them incarcerated for the amount the law requires simply for the greater good of the society. 
If we assume the country is democratic (which we can do because there are many democratic nations that orient their penal systems toward rehabilitation), then the government's laws should reflect the parents' attitudes, at least in a general, collective sense. If we assume the country's judicial system is similar to America's (not unreasonable), then the decisions of the judge and jury should also reflect parents' attitudes, as many of them are likely parents themselves.  
You are sure that people are guilty, are you omniscient or are you just ok with occasionally executing innocent people?  No it isn't, I compared the benefits to the system we have now, execution is more expensive and deprives society of possible benefit. 
You're right, prison time doesn't bring the murder victim back.  That statement goes both ways, unfortunately for people that like to use it.  It means that, no matter what penalty they pay, it will never be the same as the one their victims did.  Well, unless it's death.  Even then, it's still not the same.  One was murdered because of someone else's choice, the other was killed because of their own.  And yes, many people do get vindication, at the very least, for having the murderer locked up.  It makes them feel better knowing the person that took their loved one's life will never have a good life of their own. 
There's nothing metaphysical about life - its a matter based system that maintains internal equilibrium and reproduces. 
There might not be a change in chemical composition on death, but isn't there a significant change in the more abstract 'composition' that is the electrical activity in the brain? If the neural connectome of the human brain gives rise to feelings, ideas, consciousness, etc., perhaps the definition of 'life' (and therefore 'death') should be partly based on that, rather (or alongside) chemical composition.  
We are in the process of building gods. The first truly AGI (artificial general intelligence) will be smarter than us by a billionfold.  
In a more scientific approach, I always like to see the world and life in the many sizes it comes in. From viruses, to bacteria that make the foundation for more advanced beings like dogs and humans. And don't forget there technically is 6 kingdoms of life; all being completely different approaches of life we have on Earth. 
No. Actual living things are very difficult to explain. We understand matter...We don't understand how matter can self-organize, move around, and *do* shit. In physics, objects at rest stay at rest...They don't get bored with resting, then go get a beer.  Saying, "Now we know about DNA!" misses the entire point. 
Actually re-reading the question, it is really saying 'just because we haven't explained life with science yet, that doesn't mean that we wont in the future' ie. He is saying that we shouldn't rely on mysticism just because we lack the science at the current time. The confusing part is that then OP says that the question still stands. My original answer above was providing evidence to refute the notion that the question still stands because our scientific understanding has come so far since 1943. 
The word 'science' is almost always misused. Science isn't the current state of understanding... that is just knowledge. Science is the process by we which we validate uncorroborated notions in order to turn them into knowledge.  Science is skepticism and it's just as important to point that skepticism at your currently held knowledge as it is to point it at new unproven information.  Edit... Oops! this comment was intended for the post above you.  
What if it was transparent to electrons?  Then it wouldn't have to be smaller than the molecular/atomic level.  The core of the idea was much more fundamental than what a lot of people are responding with here.  Perhaps the thing would require an incredibly high energy photon to "see".  Or perhaps the thing/organism would require a whole new form of detection that we cannot conceive of right now.  I guess I was asking "can things exist beyond science as we know it" and his answer was "absolutely". 
I would say point 5 (life must maintain homeostasis) is the most important and is what excludes self-replicating RNA or protein from being alive.   Everything we consider to be organisms (bacteria, fungi, plants, animals) use energy-intensive processes (e.g. metabolism, ion transport, movement) to maintain some kind of variable (e.g. pH). A virus for example doesn't really, it'll just become inactive if conditions change from ideal.   The distinction is a bit arbitrary, there may not be any functional merit in describing life this way. But I think it is useful at least for nomenclature's sake to separate non-alive self-replicating organic structures (prions, transposons, viruses) from traditionally-described life. That said, it is still important to note that the processes of natural selection and evolution (what created life) applies to anything that can self-replicate, alive or not.  
You have to go a bit deeper than simply homeostatic maintenance (equilibrium maintenance) to get into the physics though. It appears that homeostatic maintenance in biological systems has a defined point of optimization that is based on maximum energetic dissipation over time.   In other words, biological systems maintain their constitutive biochemical processes in subservience of entropy creation. And this may just be the answer to why life exists on earth.  
Do viruses really meet criteria 5?  AFAIK, they don't, they can't seek to actively maintain homeostasis.  They don't respond to stimuli. They don't have an energy system. They don't produce waste. So, no homeostasis to maintain. 
DNA, RNA, Viruses, computer code, complex self replicating molecules, memes, etc.  I mean... replication and propagation are essential components of keeping your lineage or information around... but it's not the sole determinant in what we'd consider to be life. 
Well... they won't be without a causal path (i.e. humans caused their existence).  But an evolutionary path of gradual auto-modifications over successive generations? That won't be the case for such machines.  It's also interesting to note that machines can be 'intelligent' and fail to be alive under such a definition (i.e. it does nothing to preserve homeostasis, or seek to propagate).  But... at this point, we're kinda dipping our fingers into a few too many big philosophical questions (life, intelligence, etc, etc).  I mainly make these points to note that the coming era will give us cause to rethink and reassess what we've come to accept and assume about many big ideas in our current era. 
But that doesn't mean we are gods.  Also determines how is that thing intelligent?   Technically our calculators are smarter than us than a billion fold. 
I think you need to refine this question a bit. We understand a lot about how living things work, how they reproduce, move around, and do shit. On the deepest level it's all inseparable from physics, molecular interactions, and natural selection. The "how" of the origin life is still mysterious, since motes of dust don't fossilize for 4 billion years, but an epistemological separation of animate and inanimate matter appears to lie in that not-to-be-trusted danger zone of "ego-stroking" and "poorly supported by the data".  The "why" is obviously something that hasn't been and won't be addressed in the same way.  
I don't actually believe in free will, at least as it is commonly formatted. But I have trouble believing physical determinism fully explains all of life's bizarre behavior. 
To Bohm, coherence was the result of thought between people in which "meaning" was shared, or conveyed with sufficient clarity that meaning can be presumed accurately enough to be useful.  When meaning is shared, a communication can, in a sense, be thought of as "complete", in that the intention and the response match.  Conditions for satisfaction on both sides can be expected to be met.    Two people who speak different languages and who've never met before can have coherent communication if they share enough meaning, i.e., one of them wanders in from the desert, looking obviously exhausted and thirsty, and the other understands this clearly, and indicates he can help with a simple hand gesture and a smile.  That's enough.      Hopefully that's clear.  The deeper you go with this kind of thinking, the more amazed you will be at how perspicuous it is.    
I'd have to agree with that. I'd even say there are things which most reasonable scientists would reject at face value, that are true. But I doubt I'll get much traction there. 
What about e.g. a frozen seed/spore/sperm? No homeostasis, not alive now (?), but definitely alive under the right conditions? 
You're right; for some reason, I failed to examine my own point backwards.  I am doubtful of point 2 though: why do we not consider monocellular organisms and other very simple being like viruses alive? If the line we draw is so thin and arbitrary, is it sensible to draw it at all? 
True that. Sort of unrelated question. Do you believe in an incorporeal and subsistent soul? Feel free to pm me if you don't wanna have this convo in the comments section.  
TIL: that dwarves in the Dwarf Fortess video game are alive.     These kind of "elegant" definitions always have the "plucked chicken" problem. 
The clade system seems pretty good to me. We only can talk sensibly about the life we've discovered. Sagan talked about some other possible models of life, but the basic concept is the same; chemical transmission of information (akin to our dna/rna system) that constitutes an organism that can convert energy into synthesis of a body of some type, with a means of reproduction, that can experience 'death' i.e. an interruption of said processes.  
I'm assuming that any intellectual task we will can do will be surpassed, and that it can pass the Turing Test.   
The question of "what is life" has left the domain of philosophy since 1943, but I still hear these lazy arguments sometimes.  
Go for it. Explain how a self-assembled collection of largely uninteresting elements get "bored" and want a beer.  This whole thread is full of science nerds trying to discount everything they can't fully explain as unimportant. But you're in r/philosophy. *That* bit is the whole point. 
This is a philosophy channel.  i.e. filled with people with zero scientific understanding. 
I can buy that...Some kind of direct consequence from being hit by the emr. It's the weird behaviors you get with more complex life...There is a point past which I can't just write off behavior as stimulus/response, which is about all you can predict with physics. You can predict a lot with biology, but biology exists post facto...You already have life and living systems, and understand their behavior from empirical study.  I may just be dumb, but I haven't seen anything in here that convinces me that this is less complicated that I (and apparently Schrodinger) believe it to be. 
Just curious, but what view of time do you subscribe to? I would say the same thing about free will, and I personally believe in the growing block universe.  
Who's being dogmatic here? Can you point me to where said there was no free will? Left that open ended for a reason. 
Well sure, if you freeze anything it becomes inactive. That's just a property of life being water-based. But they all have the capacity to have metabolism or ion balance or whatever homeostatic process under the right conditions, whereas transposons or prions never do.   
They are not self-replicating. The game replicates them. 
I'd say it's a complex affair to get from molecules to wanting a beer or boredom. But it is not necessarily mysterious.   Although you aren't explicit, I would assume the question doesn't aim for a collection of cells cooperating to aquire some chemicals or complex algorithms idling in some seemingly unproductive branch. What inexplicable thing are you after here? There seems to be an implication of something more nebulous, like the subjectivity of wanting a brew or being bored.   Otherwise it is like explaining reddit starting from a grain of sand. Doable but it'll be boring and I'd much prefer drinking a beer instead. 
Under the assumption that we are 100% biological machines, and that with a powerful enough of a supercomputer that knows the exact position of every atom of our being we can simulate such biological machine perfectly and predict every action it takes, then there is no free will except for the 'feeling' (aka chemicals in our brain) that cause us to discuss such a concept. There is no choice since everything is inevitable since everything is matter.   But then you consider quantum mechanics, and sub-atomic particles that behave differently when we observe them, and you consider that human perception might actually mean something in the universe.. and that consciousness might actually have impact in our reality.. and perhaps there's more to how our universe behaves than the 4 fundamental forces guiding each atom into position. 
By that logic no one self replicates, the universe makes animals replicate. 
There is no life.  Just quarks and gluons that you interpret as life. 
That's a huge first principal to assume in any argument of this nature. And many good arguments have been made against the idea science can one day explain in perfect detail every type of phenomenon we encounter  
There is a constant moving of the goalposts in this thread. You asked about self-organization, not you want to know how life began. We know an *enormous* about about this. Enormous. The Miller-Urey is the tip of a big iceberg. Do you see any reason to think our ignorance here is somehow because the topic is unknowable or because the topic does not follow the same laws of matter and energy?  
no, it's like saying it's only a small step to have these chemicals organise into biotic structures after they coexist in the right ratios in the right temperature. like oceans in earths climate. 
Don't quote me on this, but I believe it was the manner in which they where observed that caused this effect.  
That's not true because the only driving factor for life self replication is within itself (DNA).  If we move it to another universe it will perform the same way.  The dwarfs in Dwarf Fortress are only graphical icons displayed and controlled entirely by one computer program. 
That's not a first principle. Sorry for the confusion but that was not one of my assumptions; it's a conclusion. I simply don't have the space here to provide an argument, and I don't think it's worthwhile to rehash known arguments.  
I didn't mean to suggest that it is a simple conclusion to come to. It's one open position within the philosophy of science. That's why I said "if".  
The experiment created amino acids, but the organization stopped there. The amino acids didn't arrange themselves into proteins, enzymes, dna, etc and begin biochemical processes that a living organism undergoes 
"Answer" for determinism? Wouldn't this just be an argument for it? Seeing as, so far, all evidence points to the contrary.  
It is a predictive model like f=ma is a predictive model. They don't act, they are used.  
It is a good question and not answered well. It is not at all clear what "on this date" means. As you said, we have had calendar changes. Is "the day after Valentine's Day" a date? That is, do we look at some ritual and try to connect it to some ritual now? Or do we connect that ritual to the Sun or the Moon? What if there is more than one ritual involved and they deal with different time scales?   I don't think there is really a sensible answer. It was in mid winter is probably the best  we can say.  
I believe Socrates was expected to *request* exile as an alternative punishment to death, but refused to offer an alternative. 
I feel like swapping crito for symposium would work better if you're going for a theme. 
Read Plato and let Socrates emerge that way. It's hard, but you'll get more out of it if you let the dialogues speak for themselves.  
This isnt really true at all.  If anything, Socrates was lumped in with the Sophists until Plato, the only difference being that he was home-grown.  It's also not fair to cast the Sophists as merely rhetoriticians.  They had some very innovative and interesting ideas, and much of their work was questioning the "givens" of religion and society. 
He didn't present his death as for his own self, though. The very reason he refused to flee was for his love of his city-state and their laws: if his city commanded him to die, he would die. 
I believe that virtually all historians agree that he did indeed exist. However, most of what we know is from Plato, so we can't exactly say if he's tampered with the things that Socrates said and philosophised.  
You are correct.  In Athens at the time, after a guilty verdict was found, the State would suggest a punishment, the accused (now guilty) party would suggest a punishment and the court would decided between the two.  The State offered Exile or Death, which was a the nuclear option in those days.  All they wanted Socrates to do was shut the hell up and go home.  Socrates, being a total bad ass, suggested the State pay him for his services.  So the State (and by extension the Court) had their bluff called and sentenced Socrates to choose between exile and death.  Socrates AGAIN gave them all the middle finger by choosing death.  In the end the State and Court came out looking like total dicks.   
Yes, but their defeat in the Peloponnesian War was a self-inflicted consequence of invading Syracuse - another democracy - for the hope of spoils.    Thucydides' exasperated description of the irrational, arrogant, shrill political climate that led to that decision has analogs throughout history afterward.   
that was what they charged him with, but what he really did was make a lot of rich and powerful people look stupid. He would ask them something like what is justice? they would answer and he would take their response and use a simple analogy to prove them wrong and make them look foolish. He did this to enough powerful people to where they finally killed him. 
Alright, but that overlooks Socrates' refusal to obey the orders of The Thirty Tyrants to bring in a condemned man.  
I've had it since I took my first political philosophy class in university. It was our first reading before Allan Bloom's translation of Plato's Republic. Loved it. The class got me into the ancient Greek philosophers like Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle and I've been hooked since. 
Doesn't help that they practically threw away 'unfit' children. 
Of course that was the main thing, as another poster mentioned it was customary for such accusations to render a chance for the accused to kind of squirm his way out somehow, but Socrates accepted it. The continous attempt to earn the ire of his peers and condemn him to death. However, that's really what I'm driving at, he bucked the status quo in his interest. It was still in the spirit of servitude to the city-state, yet it was a decision made in the contrary of what was expected and socially acceptable. His peers and community encouraged him to just follow the routine to spare his life, and he defied that concept. In other words, that very act to me speaks to a concept of self-sacrifice, knowing his demise could be averted and that his death would benefit the people. However, it was not a characteristic of what was considered an honorable death during his time, which is why it left such a profound mark.  
Jury selection in Greece was done by a random method so well conceived it was impossible to tamper with.  The judge wouldn't even know who was on the jury before the case started.  It seems the people wanted Socrates dead, at least the rich didn't decide directly.   
i'm sure historians have accounted for those days. 
This is the best part and people always leave it out. Athens basically said we think you deserve to die, or at least have to get the fuck out and Socrates says, "Well I think I deserve free meals for life." 
Honestly, that's probably what most art actually is like in the eye of the creator. Art critics waste too much energy in trying to inject things  into art that simply aren't there.  In the video, you can see the leaps he makes in trying to explain the painting.  
And also, if you read The Apology, Socrates shows no humility at all during the trial, arguing that he deserves to have free meals, and he basically dares the jurors to execute him. 
It has always been problematic to distinguish the "historical" Socrates from the "literary" one, as given by Plato. Socrates himself did not leave any written proof of his existence. All the information we have is second hand. How do we know he ever existed? Plato and Xenophon aside (both his pupils) he is also mentioned by Aristophanes. That's pretty much it. There is a certain likelihood that Plato was conveying his own ideas through his presentation of Socrates and to a certain extent he probably did.   I agree with you that the information we have about him is limited and we should be cautious with our assumptions about his life.       
He was unrepentant because he felt he had done nothing wrong. He wasn't going to go back on his word just because the people didn't like it. 
I can't decide if he had a serious pair of stones, or if he just knew he wasn't going to walk away from the trial with his life, so he might as well be snarky til the bitter end. 
And this is how we know, "Think of the children" has always been a tool for tyrants.  
it's not sufficient to be logically consistent, you also need to have a defensible position  he has a position in society, and benefits from it. He also has a wife and child whom he doesn't factor into his decision.  I'm not saying he is inconsistent, I'm saying he is not the hero he is constantly made out to be.  PEL does a great episode on Socrates, the apology, and the unexamined life, it's actually their Episode 1. 
The logical inconsistency of pandering would probably make his head explode. 
You know he was out to death by a democracy, right? 
The tipping point was the involvement in the circle of thirty by Critias, who was an actual relative of Socrates. 
It seems that with his wit and knowledge, he could have made a logical argument as to why he was innocent and convince the court to dismiss the charges. But he believed in the system for what it's worth, so he accepted death. 
In Ancient Greece tyrants were not dictators but people who overthrew the leaders in Athens. 
Actual relative of Plato, Glaucon and Adeimantus but not Soc. Critias, like Plato and his brothers, was a known associate of Soc. 
Isn't it just a plausible he was attempting to show the problems with the justice system by sacrificing himself? 
Well sure, in the sense that all governments are.  I'm not really sure how that's relevant, unless we've just decided "tyranny" is just a word for "bad governance". 
I'm not sure if evidence could exist, but I'm sure people would testify against him. Would have been interesting to hear him battle it out with those who testified against him (if he cared). 
I mean, it *can* mean that.   Must tyranny always be understood as the gloved fist of a dictator? Can we all not be equally tyrannical in our own prejudices, given the power? Even in a collective, tyranny is a possibility.  
Didn't he sorta shit on the people who brought charges?  I remember him talking about the spirits or whatever to refute the charge of atheism and him getting one of the guys that brought charges to admit that he shouldnt be found guilty for corrupting the youth, 
I once saw a cuddlefish at an aquarium in chatanooga and he looked like the most pissed off animal I have ever seen. He had a very human look in his eye that said "I would fucking kill you if I could." As his skin flashed very intimidating colors at me. 
If they're so smart why don't they just figure out how to live longer?? 
Of course, if an alien species has the concept of a "spaceship" that it can use to travel here, we already have some common basis for understanding, unlike with the other more intelligent species on Earth.   Cephalopods are also a good example of how an alien intelligence doesn't have to be automatically hostile to humanity, unlike many people seem to imagine. Even large ones typically seem curious rather than hostile when they encounter humans.  
That's when you have to impose your own standards. 
Eh, I mean as long as the genetic modifications are not released into the wild it's not going to disrupt any ecosystems.  One could certainly argue from a utilitarian standpoint that the results of keeping a society of artificially enhanced cephalopods for the purpose of study might lead to a more harmonious existence with nonhuman (potentially extraterrestrial) intelligence. 
Thing is that time is relative. This seems like a short lifespan for us, but does it to them?  
Terrible moderation.   You can't go around deleting posts with 800 upvotes and 40 comments. At that point you are wasting everyone's time more than any off topic discussion ever could. 
I bet you could teach one to put on a little helmet and walk around out of its tank for long periods. 
Remember, in those kind of works of fiction, the Old Gods are always stopped (no matter what kind of hero stops them) and bad things happen to those who were in favor of their rise 
You may be wrong, my friend. The best (and scientifically verified) way to increase the lifespan of a man is to remove his sexuality. The sooner, the better. That is one reason women live at least 12 years more than men.  
This guy knows. I had a pet octopus at one point. It hated my guts. 
I once had an aquarium full of chichlids and they started reproducing when I was a child.. anyway one hopped out and laid splat on the floor. My father at the time was home and found this fish just laying there. He is and was around the time a fully certified EMT. He straight up gave this fish CPR and without shock was reintroduced back to his native tank. The hell I know why I decided to share this story but somehow you mentioning chichlids reminded me of this. 
They got *too* smart and started dabbling in Sartre. The realization of the absurdity of life has become too great a burden.  
Not only do they live longer, they're alongside their children for years so they can pass down knowledge 
Crows and ravens, also. Their lifespan can be around 100 human years. I love to watch these majestic birds in Bangkok's Lumpini park. 
Wasn't the horse's handler giving him tiny cues, too?  
Maybe we can share music? Some animals are attracted to music, so I feel that those who experiment with their sound-based communication should not overlook the aestethic aspects: we may not be able to communicate much meaning, but may find melodies that both animal and human enjoy. 
Do we really need anything more impressive than the Blue Whale? I mean, one hundred tons, heart the size of a car, tongue as heavy as a whole elephant, etc. Pretty amazing.  
It's interesting you say this. Humans started out in a much harsher and violent environment. Over the years we've settled into a relatively less violent existence especially after we began farming and our brains have gotten a bit smaller. 
First, can you explain in what way time is relative (other than as you approach the speed of light, which i don't think we or they can do), and second, V the point about time is that it takes time for intelligence, as opposed to instinct, to develop. If you only live a couple of years, how do they get smarter faster than human children? 
I agree with your first point, which is why i said intelligence can't _directly_ influence longevity.   But your second point beats mine anyway ;) 
Hard to see how you hardwire intelligence. That's instinct.  
The mods in this sub are terrible, perhaps second only to the the /r/news mods. 
Well I for one welcome our new crustacean overlord.  
Wut. A quick Google seems to state the opposite. Would you have some kind of reference?..  
I would imagine that if you were as smart as an octopus and the fleshy land fish grabbed you up and put you in a tank to live out your life, you'd want to murder everything in sight too. Or escape. Hank just wanted to escape. 
Haha.  It's a good story, thanks for sharing : )  They're fascinating creatures, especially when they start breeding.  I had a pair of Fairy Cichlids - totally out of the blue they started breeding, eventually forming a full on family network!    They even built a HOUSE!  (out of rocks) 
Exactly, the truly smart may not *desire* to live longer  
If this life is hell wouldn't that be the afterlife? 
This gets into defining "smart". The ability to pass knowledge between generations is one rough definition of "culture". Does culture make us smart? Does the capacity for culture make us smart? 
Human years? I think that's just called "years" ;) 
Hey you know what else might be interesting? There are videos of tribes first contact with civilization.. I believe the most recent discover was in the Amazonian rain forest.  
I've not read the book, only seen the movie: What I took from it was that they used a character based language that's arranged in a circle that represents a complete thought instead of lines on a page, similar to how Chinese characters work. Not a terribly difficult concept.  Overall I wasn't impressed, it was basically a retelling of Contact but the movie ended as soon as they got the plans for the machine instead of doing something interesting. 
There's significant evidence that *in humans* the rise in brain-mass-to-body-ratio and cognitive capability that marks 'modern intelligence' was a result of the discovery of cooking, not a precursor.  Brains are *very* energy-intensive, and the argument goes that the sudden greater efficiency in withdrawing energy from meat enabled a spike in brain development. 
Wasn't Hank's deal that he specifically didn't want to escape? 
Hey I mean I don't care as long as you enjoy it! Happy reading :) 
pretty common actually, even has a name for it: Existential Depression, and it is pretty common in prodigies. 
As one great philosopher stated "You didn't build that" 
I get what you are saying, but that isnt enough. The chapters with aliens is extremely short. Like a 10 minute read. The movie basically made it seem way to easy. The chapters really made me think about how we judge intelligence. Imagine... we have basically done all the teaching so far. Humans teach dogs and other animals to perform and follow simple rules and orders. But the most we have ever really had to learn from anyone else is our past self. Maybe the mayan language... What if we are visited or have been, or are currently be observed but its clear to the Aliens that like the dog, we will never have a discussion. It would be our first true test. Could we understand something that is far greater than ourselves. Because let's be clear, even though this is speculation of course... but if beings travel here they are far far more advanced than even our best theoretical physicists most wild imagination and interpretations of the future.  **Voice to text** forgive me. 
Dophins have language, we have known this for years, and they communicate using sound; we have very minimal understanding of them. Cuttlefish have language that is expressed through changing of patterns on their skin, we can understand their basic attitude, but that's it. Watch a cuttlefish for 5 min and you'll see it watch you back, flashing patterns rippling down it's body trying to communicate information, whether it's trying to ask you a question, or tell it's friends about you. Language is not unique to humans. Not by a long way.  
Yeah I live in Hawai'i too and this has never happened to me.  I speardive for tako a lot and I've only seen them hidden away in rocks.   
I'm not saying that figuring out a radial character based language from another world would be easy, far from it. It would be tedious and difficult; only the concept is relatively simple. But they spent so much screen time deciphering the code and building towards *something* then the movie was over, they didn't do anything with the knowledge they worked so hard to achieve. 
That depends on what you mean by language. Animals communicate, but I don't think it qualifies as language. At best you might identify some proto language features, but nothing near the formal communication of humans.  
I go to kaisers and graveyards. Both spots I've had them come dance about my feet while I wait on the sets. If I'm free diving, they'll swim into my hands and like play. Or just zoom around me fast. Never heard of other people having them be attracted to them. I think they are awesome Lil creatures. 
The book gets deeper into how they got there. Also, dont you think that everything about our communication is based upon our realm we live in. The fact that we evolved with this type of sight and direction hearing and the way we process thoughts. I just doubt so much so that other beings would be anything like us... not even remotely.  Im way off topic... anyways.. back to the movie... what was with that bomb scene, it made no sense and the aliens would of already known about it and how to stop it. I doubt they would make a part of their own ship unreachable to themselves... so why didnt they boot out the bipeds, and just take the bomb and throw it out..? 
Either that, or it's the amount of time it takes the sun to orbit the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy. Which would mean that crow crazy old! 
I couldn't agree more. When I was in high school we had a few short seminars on philosophy to see if it suited our transitional year curriculum. Unfortunately it ended up just being another religion class, as the teacher was very religious and couldn't drop her preconceived biases. I ended up losing a lot of interest in the subject after that. 
I agree. I had rhetoric in high school and found it immensely helpful. Was blown away by logic in college, and wished I'd had some exposure to it in high school as well. I think rhetoric, logic, and ethics should be mandatory. Would love to see them taught in early education but I'm not entirely sure what that would look like.  
Religion is philosophy, a "special" type of philosophy, where the existence of God is an non-negotiable truth / un-questionable axiom and as such all logic arguments are just more inventive ways of circular reasoning because all truths must always and ultimately lead back to God. That circularity is the measure of the arguments soundness. 
I'm skeptical that the "philosophy" they'd like to teach isn't simply the politics of whatever ruling party develops the curriculum 
Ok then, no applying for philosophy PhD in the US. Don't see this problem much in UK uni's, at least my old one. Applying to French Unis now and they seem to be alive and kicking. 
disagree. the subject matter may overlap, but the approach and methodology of philosophy is very different and very vital.  
The English have never produced any great philosophers (speaking as an Englishman and a philosophy grad). Locke was most interesting for a mistake about primary and secondary qualities. He and Hobbes and JS Mill made some useful interventions on political theory, but that's about it.   This lack of interest in the subject explains why the English are incapable of questioning received wisdom.   They slavishly do what they're told by "experts", who almost always are nothing of the sort, but rather public-school-and-Oxbridge-types who have no independent thought process and who just spout whatever they read in The Economist.  Brexit was a rare and amazing exception to this rule. The howls of rage from the aforementioned Establishment are something to behold...   
And it's something that is taken for granted lots as well! 
The reason for this is because school is not just about academic and physical education but about socialization as well. In the real world you always have to work with other people to some degree, and your first "group project" shouldn't be when you're 18 and at your first job.  
If it were indoctrination then it would matter but in Philosophy you deconstruct models of the world so you can build and edit your very own.  It is in many respects the opposite of indoctrination, which can be painful to learn and also threatening to those in power. 
Why would you need a doctoral? Just start creating philosophy education programs 
UK universities do frequently have problems with teaching staff being poorly compensated. Philosophy modules getting divided across other departments, not so much.  
Not in its purest form, it isn't. Math may be reducible to logic (problematically) the same way biology may be considered reducible to physics, but it is not the same field.  Simply put, math is about making theorems about structures, logic is making theorem about theorems, it is a higher order method of logical thinking than mathematics. Something like Goedel's incompleteness theorem is not really mathematics.  Furthemore, logic has real life applications that can be distinct from mathematical application. For example, IF it is raining THEN it is cloudy. Any form of argument, in any field can be reduced to basic logical notation which can then be assessed to be valid or sound. 
Philosophy is the root of all these subjects. It is by far the most important discipline. That is why every PhD is a doctor of philosophy.  If you want a thinking populous then you must teach philosophy to children. Rather than spoon feed people a view of the world you give them the tools to derive their own.  
Graduated from where though?   Often find that the people criticising the "ruling class" are often resentful that they aren't part of it. Not trying to be dismissive.   The brexit debate should really be dead for everyone's sake but I think it's important to note that the motivations for the two sides were very different and the leavers had very fragmented opinions.   
True, I for one, genuinely enjoy TOK, although the TOK essay can be a big pain.   
I agree.   Do you think the government will allow this kind of self learning?   Like ohh yes, well actually there are very good philosophical, ethical, And economic reasons for taking the land from the Indians.   
A doctoral is needed to become a philosophy professor. It's a really dense field so I can see why having so many years of studying would be necessary. But how would philosophy education programs work exactly? Just curious.  
Oh yea, with regards to staff compensation, UK universities are atrocious throughout all departments, even STEM. The big london unis, for example have a very high turnover rate in terms of invigilators and students working compared to the smaller ones. They demand high working hours, pay minimum wage, and not pay overtime. KCL and UCL students invigilating rarely go back to work another year there. 
Godel's incompleteness theorem was based on a mapping of symbolic logic expressions to the natural numbers.  It is also a theorem about arithmetic.  What you're trying to do right now is dress up a dog in a bunny suit and telling me we can have rabbit stew.  
Well you still need to "spoon feed" them the actual scientific and historical details of the world because there is no way most people would ever derive that on their own.   
It is a kind of double edged sword for those in power. You want to control the population but at the same time you also want to have a good quality of life. Therefore some philosophy does trickle down, so to speak.  The Indians just lost, there is nothing special about us, it is unfortunately human nature. If the Indians had the tech advantage they would have done the same thing to Europe.  Philosophy helps moderate the competition though because co-operation is superior. 
But that's exactly my point, it's a theorem about arithmetic. It's not within the field of arithmetic.  It's like saying that the physics dictates the laws of the human body, hence physics and biology are the same field 
No its more like saying the law of conservation of energy isn't physics because it is an axiom of physics. 
But you're not saying that the incompleteness theorem is an axiom of arithmetic so this analogy makes no sense. 
It makes no less sense than your analogy to physics/biology.  The bottom line is: who would you go for to learn about Godel?  Your average mathematician or your average philosopher? 
Your average philosopher is more likely to know about it. I did an msc in theoretical physics in a maths department. Very few of the profs knew anything about goedel's incompleteness theorem, they've just heard of it. To them it's irrelevant. 
The problem is that book is largely simply made up. The authors literally say this in the endnotes.  
People desire to be rich, adored, powerful, and to bully other people when in need of excitement to alleviate their boredom.  
Four should be Fornicate, just to keep the alliteration alive. 
Surely that's aquisitiveness?   Also, he credited the desire for power as the main driver behind all of human progress and civilisation. I'd say that's pretty positive. 
Russell didn't "propose a formula of human psychology," some clickbait pseudo-journalist edited a speech of his and put a misleading headline on it to make it seem that way.  FAKE NEWS.  Seriously, read Russell's speech (titled "What Desires Are Politically Important?") 
Nope, the original title was "What desires are politically important?"   The (very deceptive) clickbait title was added in the clickbait era.   
The title of this speech was "What desires are politically important?"   
Love of power, I guess. You're blinded, and thus powerless, when gazing at the sun. 
But it's the definition used in the article so it's the point of the discussion. 
Still painful at least insofar as one is being overpowered into doing what they do not want to do. Just because it ends up being good for you it is not mutually exclusive with pain. In fact, very often betterment and pain go hand in hand.  
I believe he wrote over 90 books, but his 3 volume *History of Western Philosophy* was his most acclaimed* (and best-selling) publication and probably most responsible for the Nobel.  [\*] For a popular audience.  So, not counting *Principia Mathematica*. 
But if everyone believes it's true, does it really matter if its false?  
And also making other people do things they don't want to is the only way to prove you have power over them. 
Not sure if you've whooshed me or it's you thats missed it, but they meant Fuck. 
Thanks for clarifying. The article or post title is not worded correctly then. I would agree on those being politically important drives, but the article represents them as the four most important for all of human activity which I disagree with. Just a misunderstanding  
my similar take on it was in breaking down the interplay of wants and needs.  My phil prof was not happy with my reasoning, which was simple: A need is a condition of fulfilling a want.  You don't need to live, you want to live.  That want leads to the need to eat, drink, etc. There's no pure or true needs, because every one of them is preceded by a want.    While I would agree that everything people do comes down to wants, some wants can be purely altruistic.  "I want to help people." 
You could replace "desire" with "destiny" and the meaning changes but still seem just as sound to a different cultural audience. 
Yep, but his entire platform wasn't based on subverting the american population into a bait and switch where they are voting against their own best interests.  Obama was certainly far from perfect, but these guys are selling out america by design.     Defend that.     Are you a "hillary's emails" guy?             
Perhaps not his fault, then, but the title of this post is "The Four Desires Driving All Human Behaviour."  
You make a great point. I think that many people view pain as inherently "bad," but if you look at it objectively, it is not always necessarily a negative thing. Like you mentioned, betterment can come of pain. A big part of the growth and development of a person comes through pain/discomfort; it helps you overcome aspects of your self and develop into a better person (and I don't mean this in terms of going through the pain for pain's sake, but the process of betterment that one undertakes requires some level of pain). If one were to try to avoid pain altogether (the good kind along with the bad), they'd become stagnant. 
I think it depends on the context of the "love of power". For instance, if you take the example of a teacher's power over their student, the level of influence they have over a student is their "power". The greatest teachers of all time are the greatest because of the immense influence they have over others. Furthermore, I would assume that most teachers strive to become a better teacher, which translates to increasing the power of their influence/teaching ability. I would say this "love of power" is more altruistic than the kind Russell refers to, but still exists nonetheless. 
Try that with the physics of say... landing an airplane?   
I've improved songs on piano privately for years. Every time it's something different which will never be heard again, I love it and it is my favorite thing to do in life. The few people who have heared me play tell me it's very good and that I aught to be doung something with the skill but I hate playing in front of an audience, I hate puting my self on the spot for others. I can't just escape and be compelled into a moment and enjoy finding and falling into something beautiful.  I feel like I learned more about this philosopher or a mode of existing as a type of human being then it describing the entire spectrum of the human experience and the motivations that follow. 
If you read the article, he says that these four desires separate humans from other animals. We do have other desires that have to do with survival or procreation. But those desires can be fulfilled at least temporarily.  The four desires he is talking about here are "infinite desires" that can never truly be fulfilled.  
I guess, but it didn't seem like it was explained that way. I can certainly see how that could be extrapolated from it, but from the way he explained it and the examples he gave, I didn't get that impression.  
He used "Reproduce", I assume to not swear, so I suggested fornicate, which means the same as fuck but isn't crass. 
I like this. I'm willing to bet we can map social progress by how enjoyable our needs are. 
Desires are biological urges and shaped by natural and sexual selection. Virtue signalling is a strategy to navigate these two realities. Sometimes it's more effective than others. 
That criticism turns on the ability of the undefined ears of a "different cultural audience" to recognize soundness rather than the simple question of whether Russel's argument is actually sound itself. It passes the latter test. The former, at least as phrased, is not a test worth taking.  If that's the most serious criticism you have, you're miles away from supporting a claim that Russel's excerpt is sophistry. 
no, i'm a "both parties are paid by the same lobbyists" guy. i'm a "american voters refusing to vote 3rd party is the core problem of american politics" guy. i'm a "i don't pretend democrats are less evil than republicans just because democrats say they are ok with gays getting married" guy.   the two parties are like competing sports teams. no matter who wins, the rules stay the same.  
Yeah, the article is clickbait bullshit.  You should read Russell's speech. 
I would place more emphasis on the predicate of actuation. You could still be powerful, as a quality or characteristic, while permitting children to eat cookies. However, because power actuates you, you don't feel good or feel like yourself unless you're actively seeing your power at work, which is best noticed by forcing people to do things they don't want to do. It's not that forcing unpleasant actions requires greater power, but rather that the power is more easily observed. This is important because for people who exist and subsist off the exertion of power, the experience of exerting power practically transcends what it is for everyone else and thus too strongly correlates with the agent's notion of self (i.e. self and exertion of power are too strongly correlated). 
Guess he's just not much of an animal behaviorist. (/s) My point is that he should probably just stick to what he knows, that's all. He had something to say about human behavior, so just stick with that.  
I am not sure that these four desires separate humans from other animals. A lot of other social animals exibit very similar behavior . 
You're not wrong exactly, but it kind of ruins the joke. The whole point was to make people think 'fuck' without saying it. 
Let's grant that decisions made under duress are decisions from desire.  There is nothing acquisitive about my calling George next door my friend.  My love for the girl from my college isn't necessarily a result of selfishness.  When I worry my brother will get in an accident if he drives has nothing hedonistic about it  The fact is there are plenty of behaviors for me that I can explain without turning to desire.  I don't think I'm unique.  And in that case, Russell is either wrong, or he's making indefensible logical jumps 
I've gone deeper than Russell! You see, you can't desire anything if you don't value it! So in reality, evaluation drives all human behavior. Now we just have to categorize the different types of evaluations!  Or wait! Deeper still! You can't evaluate anything if you can't *judge* it! And hey what the hell do you know we're back at Kant. Fuck you Russell. 
Yep.  I simply call myself an "equal opportunity politician hater."      Get the money out of politics or STFU is my attitude towards washington at this point.  It's become a matter of who is doing better things with their bribes.   
It's true though. Let me state some "evil" things and tie it back so you can see even the "bad guys" want this.   A bank robber robs a bank so he can live in financial peace.   A boy joins a gang for love and unity.   Some kids joy ride with a stolen car for fun.   A kid ditches his classes for freedom.    It always ties back. There is a right way and a wrong way to do things but I wanted to make examples of the wrong way because these 5 traits exist in all of us. The self-actualized mind consists of these 5 traits whether people realize it or not.   I won't even make examples of the right way to do it because it's simply obvious.  
Fair enough, though I was trying to give more of an ELI5 explanation rather than perfectly accurate unpacking. However, I think that being actuated by love of power requires the inflicting of pain at least insofar as you cause another to do what they do not want to do. That is, you might potentially be powerful while allowing children to eat cookies, but you are only actually powerful while inflicting your will over the will of the overpowered. All of this depends on how we define power, of course.  
Really? I would have imagined it because "fornicate" is such an uncommonly used word it's obviously put in place as a deliberate "look I avoided the swear word you were thinking" candidate.  IMO it works better as a joke with "fornicate". 
I disagree. When you call your next door neighbor "friend" you are trying to create an alliance to increase your chance of survival because you want to live. Your love for the girl from college has evolved because people that feel love are more likely to have children. If you communicate your anxiety about your brother driving recklessly you're virtue signalling and even if you don't communicate your anxiety then you are still emotionally preparing yourself for the likelihood that he will die in a car crash.  
But why do you care about them? Because you enjoy their society right? 
Basically you are saying that 'bad guys' - bad action seems more appropriate to me - they miss the 'big picture'. Instead, to be or to act 'good' is related on the world awareness you have. Right? 
To clarify, imagine looking at the face of a compass. This compass needle represents the many ways to accomplish something. True North is the Best way to do something, South is the worst way to do something, and everything else is a mix of the 2. It is always best to aim for "true north" as this represents a way to accomplish a desire without causing any harm to anyone.   We are always in a situation where we decide a path to take in order to accomplish a desire. For various reasons, people don't always pick the True North option because they are either unaware of the option or they simply don't believe it will work and so they pick one of the worst options.   So ya, awareness is a part of it but faith is another part. Sometimes people are unaware of the correct path while other times people simply don't have faith that the correct path will manifest their desires.  
Yes, because the reason I have friends at 15 is so I don't die at 50  You realize how ridiculous that sounds, right? 
Having friends aids our survival otherwise it would have been selected out. The urge to be among others or the feeling of loneliness wouldn't even exist if it wasn't so. We deal with these feels culturally by propagating the idea of and encouraging the formation of friendship.  
No Country for Old Philosopher-Kings, by Plato McCarthy 
Neither Plato nor Socrates necessarily believed all this literally. The point of the dialogue format is that it's multivalent and invites people to think about multiple perspectives rather than authoritatively proclaiming a Truth. 
Plato puts aristocracy in the best of light, then timocracy and so on.  
Just to be a devil's advocate, can you provide proof that he is wrong?  Edit-It's one of life's great ironies that we have 3,000 years of civilization to look back upon and gain insight from along with the availability of almost any amount of information you could desire at our fingertips and we are actually the most ill-informed and easily fooled than we have ever been. 
If someone can tl;dr Plato, and still keep all of the necessary information intact, they'd deserve a literary medal. 
That's a narrow view.  Both major parties are *clearly* not monolithic, and there are varying degrees of tyrannical behavior and ideals in each, most of the time Id argue very little (and Im pretty cynical about U.S. govt./politics in general).  I dont mean to sound condescending but you should really explore what true tyranny looks like, because it has existed and was far past what the U.S. experiences now. 
Popper is great.  His whole tussle with Wittengstein is an interesting footnote in the history of philosophy. 
Every society has a system for getting things done. What makes a society stable is that the system is honored and respected by everyone. This could be a hierarchy of nobles, a theocracy of scholars, or our own system of elected officials, among others.  His complaint is that democracy tends towards the disrespect and thus collapse of the system. The ends become more important than the means and whoever has power grabs madly at wealth and more power because they have no assurance that the means will protect them when they leave power.  The point where it becomes an out-and-out tyranny is when the last leader tosses out the system altogether. He'll either believe or use the belief that the other side is even worse to justify this act and the respect for the system will have atrophied to the point where there will be little principled objection. 
I kind of wonder if it even matters. The material for tyranny is here  regardless of who ended up winning the election. That I think is part of the point Plato is making. Tyranny isn't one person holding an entire nation hostage and putting him or herself in charge. In a way the tyrant is as much a victim as anyone else, or even more so according to Plato.  If the U.S. degrades soon, I could see it as a result of conservative leaders demonizing liberals, and liberal leaders demonizing conservatives. No one is being held accountable because it looks like partisanship, and conservatives hate their leaders but see them as their last hope, and liberals hate their leaders but see them as their last hope. 
maybe let the bottom fall out and try to reconstruct it in a better fashion? 
bah, the student would probably just read it to pass and secretly hate it unless he already likes philosophy or a professor who knows how to teach it in a way the student understands  
It does.  It shows how the redistribution of wealth from the rich to the poor and the elevation of slaves to citizens is how a tyrant buys popular power.  If you don't want tyranny to come from democracy you need to limit wealth redistribution. 
That's what authoritarians do.  They want you to believe that they're the only one who can fix all of the problems so that you have to listen to what they say and trust in them and only them. 
I don't think anyone is interested in your summary.  I'm wondering what value this judgement has.  This guy has been dead for a while and his works speak for them-self.  What need is there to try and demonize or aggrandize him, rather than just critically analyze his work. 
Maybe it was him? Translating ancient Greek was actually his true calling. 
After I read that i was waiting for mention of the Bourgeois and class consciousness. 
Capitalism -- if defined as economic competition -- isn't bad if the rules are fair and equally applied.  Boundless greed, if accepted and left unchecked by society, however, is very bad:   absent a course correction,  corrupted capitalism to feed boundless greed will be the undoing of the US.  "All great nations rise and fall."  Boundless greed enabled by religious fervor is the road to tyranny. 
Most of the wealthy in his day would've been aristocrats of some sort, making money off the inherited land they owned rather than setting up an enterprise. There would've been bourgeois to some extent, but very few were as rich as the aristocracy and even the richest bourgeois were generally seen as somewhat lesser. 
Adam Smith thoroughly and rigorously defines capital - it's not hard to define; politicians just like muddying it.    
Good point, it is definitely a strong and relevant interpretation, especially considering your statement in connection to Piketty's studies on the subject. My problem is merely with putting that interpretation into the original text as if it were Plato's own words. You can see that point in my responses to the other replies in this thread. 
Interesting, you have any thoughts on what those mechanisms might be?  The very definition of tyranny is the inability to be rid of it easily 
better add the shithole of the philippines to that list since we went from aristocracy oligarchy a broken democracy oh and currently its a baby tyranny    
Why so? Was not his tutor, Socrates, executed through a democratic vote by a jury of these ancient Greeks you speak of? 
Do you know what's in your best interests, or do you believe that's for someone else to decide? 
Well Plato says in The Republic something in line of: Education should be fun, nothing that is taught trough force stays in the soul and in a good environment the cream will rise to the top. 
Technology may allow better systems.  Then you get into the problem of humans *creating* that technology. 
to add one more small thing: I've read the Republic in german translation by Schleiermacher and Socrates usually refers to (as you mentioned) to a city and not a huge country. The "republic" (or in german: der Staat) usually refers to something to the scale of today's Berlin, New York or Athens. Even though in the german version the book's name is "Der Staat" or in english "Republic", Socratis still talks about "Stadt" or "City". In today's term we would rather call it "Stadtstaat" or "City state".            
I personally don't vote for a candidate or pick my position on issue solely based on party affiliation.   I don't care if someone is a Democrat or a Republican... I just vote for the person that I feel will be the best choice.    It just seems like there ought to be a better choice than just either/or...   America needs a viable third party(not one that's a clone of the existing two parties, obviously) :) 
I saw a lot of similarities of what Plato described and US history. He is not wrong when he points out a lot of the issues that plague democracies.   That being said, we HAVE been through accusation, law suits, impeachments, and assassinations. We have also recovered and kept a strong democracy throughout those issues. Our constitution, as well as our checks and balances, has made sure our democracy withholds its integrity, and combined with such unprecedentedly short term limits, the formation of tyranny is stunted.   Very interesting concept though.  
Isn't part of the problem trying to divide something as complex as public opinion along only two party lines? 
"The teacher... fawns upon the students" --that's actually in this excerpt! How appropriate.  
Imagine some like super redneck dude with a goatee and big lifted truck with two US flags attached to it getting President. 
Or used the imperial system instead of metric system 
Noted and you are probably right, but like you said I don't think it changes my point.  His whole deal is paternalistic in nature 
Give it time - most dictators take more than a month to tear down legacy institutions.  
Majored in it for two semesters, buuuuuuuuddy. -Crawl 
Is it a scathing critique of capitalism in ancient democracy or is it The Weeeaaaasssseeeelllll?  Weaze the juice buddy   
Capital is simply the productive use of some medium of exchange including one's own good will, going concerns, labor, etc.   Capitalist - in the modern sense, is either   1) a person who proposes and supports the belief that private property rights should be protected by governments,   or   2) a person who owns capital.    In the modern sense, probably 80% (or more) of the US population fits into the second category - almost all of us invest our time, assets, wealth, etc. in productive ways.  Very few, unfortunately, would fit into the first category - people who actually, consistently, and rigorously believe and promote the idea that private property rights should be protected by governments.    Need to be very careful when choosing which we're talking about.  
Yes, I agree with your points. And "capitalistic" certainly has the implication of having contributed to the creation of wealth, even if that's rarely the reality of the situation. I wonder if the concept of the "self-made man" was strong in Plato's time. 
Tyrannies are rarely completely totalitarian like in 1984, they are usually highly disorganized forms of government in which different factions and power bases are held together by mutual confusion and self-interested acquiescence to the dictator (out of desire for reward and fear of punishment). The dictator's power depends on everyone else's collaboration. So if people simply decide to stop collaborating, for whatever reason, it's possible to make the entire system come apart. 
So, a stifling bureaucracy becomes a check on the power of tyranny. Which is why the current administrations placements specifically for the purpose of 'deconstruction' are a threat to democracy and a calling card of tyranny. 
The question is whether or not something better can be expected.  I would argue that the only way to prevent tyranny is to eradicate scarcity.  When nobody is worried/insecure about their future, they will not lash out with the short-sighted decisions that tend to eradicate liberty. (So would Epicurus, if he were here).  To that end, social organization, technology, and reform of the way we allocate and generate resources, especially necessities like food, water, and shelter, must be made as efficient as possible. Technology and social engineering essentially cut the knees out from under tyranny, as once badly-managed institutions can no longer doom large segments of the population to desparate privation, nobody will WANT the efficiency of a tyrant. 
True. People seem to walk into DC as middle class and leave as millionaires a bit too often. It should be civic responsibilty, not a path to riches. Politicians should not be allowed to setup these foundations and engage in pay-to-play...looking at you McCain and Clinton. 
Not only that. Plato saw Athenian democracy self-destruct as a result of the Pelopennesian War brought on by the excesses of the Age of Pericles. For Plato democracy means decadence, over-indulgence and rule of the appetitive soul over reason. He sympathized heavily with Sparta and its more oligarchic constitution. 
Did you read the Apology? Socrates hardly helped himself while he was on trial. 
No I didn't miss much at all, and besides, that's not the point. I just made a broad observation of what Plato literally says in the text and said it was interesting--which it is. 
Actually no one really knows what is in our best interest, we don't and never will have complete knowledge so information will always be missing.  People living their daily lives and working their jobs have even less knowledge of the issues than those whose jobs it is to make policy...it's not as simple as you are suggesting 
did Aristotle champion democratic rule?  Explain briefly please 
Can a teacher not teach his students? Can a father not raise his son?  'm sorry that you only experienced negative authoritarianism but some authorities deserve praise and honour. What if the authority is loving and kind? And takes care of your needs?  When you take care of an animal, or cat, because it is not intelligent enough to care fot its own food do you lack empathy?   We are all in some ways ignorant. Anyboday that unveils the truth out of empathy deserves the highest authorithy in my eyes. 
Our best president's were anything but average men.  And I'll remind you that we landed on the moon 50 or 60 years ago.  What have we done since?  Politicians slashed the space budget.  I see what you are saying but I have to disagree 
Then mandating everyone reach some minimum education standard shouldn't be part of making quality education available. 
I don't insist on equality of outcomes, but equality of opportunity is a worthwhile goal. 
Not a professor, but it seems like your "political philosophy" class is actually about YOUR political philosophy.  
I agree, but to compare our circumstances tyranny is beyond exaggeration. 
You're right, of course. I think I'm a little more worried because of the extreme polarization, which has been going on for some time now really. This last election had been a strange one, and not just because of Donald Trump. Something very different has happened, and it is impossible to judge an event that you are in the midst of. But the checks and balances have been holding up. 
Yeah I would say so...they are not comprehensive enough to include the wide spectrum of thought that is present.  However they do prevent the system from being "over-democratic" and unworkable through paralysis (even though that is exactly what is happening anyway) 
I am afraid you are right.  Just the idea that he was seen as a viable president speaks volumes about where the voters' heads are at. 
At least he would have more in common with and more understanding of the lives of the vast majority of Americans than pretty much everyone who's been president, or at least any president in my life time.  And his successor could very well be some well-to-do vegan hippie mom with a healing crystal necklace or a struggling black musician from the hood who works in food service. There's no telling and in theory that equalizes everything. And personally I'd rather have any of them (including the redneck guy) run things over some rich asshole.  I'm not saying it would work, by the way. I just want to see it tried out so we can learn more about if and when it does work. 
but there's literally nothing to suggest he'll do that anymore than any other U.S. president. 
In the US, this is the duty of the Congress and supreme Court through impeachment  
I agree...but we will have tryanny when the people willingly concede those rights to the state, so far we are ok. But I can see a future where some people are fanatical enough in their support of someone to give those rights up to make his job easier...the seeds are being sowed right now actually 
It should be no surprise then that the exact same 'we need a strong man' myth and 'bureaucracy is stifling progress' arguments were made by Mussolini's Facist party back in the '20s. 
I was examining the question of how to determine whether one system of government is really better than another. More specifically, I was making a case for why looking at average outcomes is not sufficient.  You've taken things in a different direction, so I'll address that instead. While I agree with you that eliminating economic scarcity may be part of the ideal solution, this begs the question because scarcity can always be created artificially through the sort of means that sustain tyranny. Your mention of social engineering is similar. This is a tool that can be used to sustain tyranny or strengthen some alternative system of government. 
It's spot on because it doesn't misinterpret Plato. 
Agreed, although he was born in the middle of that war and was a kid through the rest of it. So it may be more fair to think of that as his bias informing his views, rather than an enlightened position from a detached observation of decadence/over-indulgence in democracy. 
TBH I can admit having this bias as well when I first read Plato. Athens is still seen as the "platonic ideal" of a Greek city-state [sorry]. So much of ancient Greek culture is seen through this Atheno-centric lens, especially philosophy, theater & mythology. 
Taking the piss and annoying everybody shouldn't earn you a death sentence. That's kinda the whole point. 
Seems more like they're suggesting that despite knowing that, you'd probably still assume your personal knowledge is important enough to warrant you having personal choice over your being. It isn't simple, but would you rather not have a choice about it despite still having to live through it?  It's hard to argue it's right to give away control over the self to others if you can't do it yourself. 
Low taxes are layman's terms for "keeping more money", which is rarely the case, yet the vast majority of businesses benefit from infrastructure (roads, fiber optics, water lines, etc.). The degree to which they benefit differs. A big problem is the fact that many business owners don't consider or even understand how and to what extent they benefit. Most people don't realize how much a mile of highway and road costs, how much a bridge costs to build and maintain, that parking is NEVER free even when it seems to be, that having a facility far from the utility grid means a greater expense running utility lines (also think about maintenance). Someone has to pay for all of this... the more you build generally means the more you pay to maintain it all. 
Time is limited and attention spans short. Even shorter due to online gaming (immediate gratification and such), as well as confirmation bias being rife within online echo chambers. It makes group-think much easier than thinking for oneself. 
This question will never have an acceptable answer. 
And they defer us to legal drug dealers, and often without much debate. 
its deeper than that, plato is all about perfection and spirituality (perfect forms and all that) whereas Aristotle is the consummate materialist.   for Plato men are supposed to free themselves from the cave and rise to the good whereas for Aristotle the truth lay in empiricism and exploration. So  devolving into politics Plato's idea of philo kings with gold  in their hearts is anathema to Aristotelian ideas. 
Equating any of those relationships you listed with the one between the individual and the state is a false equivalency.  You're assuming that my desire to be taken care of and to be relatively comfortable trumps my desire to be free and to know that everyone I will ever meet will have the same level of personal autonomy as I do. I'm not a pet to be kept in a gilded cage. I am a human being.    What exactly do you mean by "the truth" I wonder, the way you describe it nothing short of the messiah of all humankind would have access to it.     
I never understood why technocracy is seen in a bad light automatically.  I think there is some virtue to it 
Elaborate. Leaders must understand extremely complicated issues with thousands of moving parts. What makes someone with a sub-80 IQ capable of understanding it? Also, would you draw any conclusions from the fact that countries with very low average IQs are less likely to be democracies?  
Welcome to college! Professors stake out a position and defend it from students that have no chance.  
yes, I guess tyranny is too strong a word.  I'm just saying there there should be other choices besides Democrats and Republicans.    
Not sure, I've come across their articles before but I don't know their range. Glancing at it now, it looks like they are mostly on modern topics. 
True, but it also shows a society full of individuals. Whether people like to admit it or not, diversity is high and people think for themselves nowadays. The pack mentality as described through traditional terms (Republican, Democrat, independent) is not as cut and dry as it used to be. 
That's true, and it would be very interesting.  What if somehow though, we got someone like Bill Nye.  I wonder how that would play out. 
You're right, lots of Presidents have openly questioned the legitimacy of courts which rules against them.  Typically after declaring the press to be an opposition party, but before appointing department heads who are openly hostile towards their own departments.  
Imagine if one of them made it to the White House! 
You haven't sorted this out.  Is the point that Adam Smith didn't come up with the word or concept of capitalism?  Or that Adam Smith's ideology is not inline with capitalism? 
Who do you attribute the ideology of capitalism to? 
Is the point that Adam Smith didn't come up with the word or concept of capitalism? Or that Adam Smith's ideology is not inline with capitalism?  
well depending very heavily on the nation. In the US for example wealth lasts rarely more than two or three generations. The richest family in Venice is literally 700 years old.   It's kind of ironic that someone complains about the use of *capital* in a  translation of the Greeks as anachronistic and then does not see the blindspot by projecting the American history of wealth distribution onto it.   Got to be a little careful here 
I'd argue that the impeachment process for the chief executive has a minimal role of the Supreme Court - the courts only role here is that the Chief Justice presides over the Trial, but the greater of your points is absolutely true 
I like the 9th and 10th amendments, neither often used in SCOTUS decisions, but do often appear in dissenting comments.   We've moved from a time where the two primary political factions (federalists vs anti-federalists) worked together to come up with a constitution AND bill of rights... to two factions that spout shit like "Congrats to Tom Perez, win for Republicans" and "we'll be your worst nightmare."   Seeing the division in our nation, the respective leaders for each party can only be seen as a tyrant by the supporters of the opposing party!   Likewise, the attempts by one side to impose their will unto the other side via the use of governments coercive power is a surrender of democratic power... which leads to oligarchy AND/OR fascism.   Our culture is devolving, and the fault for the rise of tyranny rests on the citizenry... rather the lack of citizenry! 
He very narrowly was found guilty and then, when it came time to argue for what the punishment should be, he managed to convince the entire jury that he deserved the death penalty. 
I guess we as a society (and it's probably where we have failed by the biggest margin) need to get to a place where our own desires aren't the number one priority.  This passage alone describes how when people get entitled they stop accepting the legitimacy of democracy and turn to a "protector" of their ideals which becomes a tyranny 
Do you hear me blaming them? How am I being classist?  I am saying it is not practical to expect them to know all relevant information regarding issues...stop making a strawman argument about what I am saying 
By pursuing my self-interest I may reduce the ability of someone else to pursue theirs. How do you reconcile that? I guess you attempt to by using the word balance.  But balance comes with wisdom and you can't expect everyone to understand it that way.   
It's almost as if governments function as a massive social contract meant to benefit everyone, and taxes are (part of) the means through which the government is enabled to do so.  ... then again, the government needs to have the right intentions. Demonstrably, some are lacking in that regard. 
Greatest good for the greatest number seems to be a solid way to go. However arriving at what that is and how to implement it... whole different ballgame 
I suppose it could be broken down to metaphysics versus materialism, but anyone who argues that the limits of thought can be broken down into Aristotelian or Platonic trajectories is trying to blinker you to the wider spectrum. 
"Democracy" was pejorative until very, very recently. Like in the 19th century democracy was still widely used as a negative, as treasonous.   This is one of the things that you'll miss if you think political thought ends with Locke. I find most history of political thought courses deeply, deeply reactionary, and pretty deplorable pedagogically.  
IQ correllates with level and quality of education.  Id wager we've already had multiple heads of state with sub-80 IQs (which is again... a basically worthless measure of intelligence, problem solving, interpersonal skills, etc.) in the developed world in the last 50 years.  This is why they have advisors, councils, etc.  They can specialize and present issues in a digestible form to the head of state.  Obviously Id prefer that person to be smarter, but I think you put a bit too much emphasis on one ingredient of a recipe. 
Which could ultimately be a good thing if we move away from the paradigm we have had and come up with something better.  Honestly the fact that he wasn't disqualified could mean that candidates down the line who actually would be good leaders won't get disqualified for petty stuff anymore like Howard Dean's yell.  Can you believe in retrospect that that took down a presidential candidate? 
Yeah, I think there's a Plato/Aristotle distinction in terms which may be confusing things. 
The former.  You only say something can be "traced back" to someone if that person could be said to have started it.  Like you wouldn't say witches and wizards could be 'traced back' to JK Rowling, right? 
Smith certainly thought benevolence was a virtue.  But I wonder what view it is exactly that you attribute to Smith when you say he is ideologically capitalist? There seems to me to be no contradiction between thinking altruism virtuous and supporting a free market including ownership and exchange of capital.  Also as a side note, while Smiths sentimentalism does share some commonalities with utilitarianism, it definitely is not equivelant to utilitarianism. 
I was doing the exact opposite. I was saying that the wealth distribution and who the wealthy were was radically different in Ancient Greece.  
Ya you make a good point, only the chief justice is involved  
Which is the point.  He was a citizen that respected the law even when it meant his own demise. 
But we do live in a society where people don't always act in their own best interest. And thank Gord for that. Can you imagine what society would look like if we all acted in our own best interests all the time? We're not hardwired to be sociopaths, we're pack animals.   And this isn't the result of "if I did that the police would take me away." There's a reason we are wary of sociopaths, and we could build a society where they were marginalised, instead of lauded.  
And why are you assuming that people automatically have wisdom?  That is a dangerous assumption as well 
Man will mostly act mutually towards others. In most situations, it is unreasonable to intentionally harm others, and the desire (or its outcome) is by itself often enough difficult to argue for.  Conflicts of interest are solved by cooperation or avoidance, not hostility. In the matter of others being ignorant for what is good for themselves, one should make attempts to inform them, or rather, *educate them*. Education is profoundly important for all things in modern society, from simple knowledge about the world to becoming a civilized, reflective, and **humane** being. 
One of the most frustratingly beautiful elements of philosophy is that it is at its best when a premise can not be answered or universally agreed upon. 
Yeah, pre-19th century the most progressive politics you'll get is support for some form of civic republicanism, like in Machiavelli.   Of course this may have a lot to do with that fact that throughout history most people literally weren't even allowed to read or be educated. Anyone advocating turning over control of politics to illiterate peasants would obviously have been insane. Before democratic ideals can make sense you need the idea of some form of universal education being a social good, and proof that "proper" education is within the capabilities of nearly all people. It's only after the Protestant Reformation that those sorts of experiments were tried in Northern Europe (as a form of "moral and civil discipline") and turned out to be wildly successful. 
Times are always changing. I think we're in a unique state of reality that will not last in this climate. It's just too volatile. It's my hope at least. 
From what little I know, it seems to me OP is using the definitions from Aristotle's typology  
Who do you trace our understanding of capitalism to? 
As well as the fact that how we use utilitarianism is pretty arbitrary, in that it is inherently a moralistic doctrine. The good of an action is valued above else, however who determines what is good or bad is open to interpretation and probably dependent on the zeitgeist.  
are you talking about the theory of moral sentiments?  Because I've read it, have you? 
You don't seem to have gotten the point. The guy who started the comment chain was offended by the idea of using "capitalistic" as a term to describe the ancient Greek economy, because he argues capital in modern capitalist economies is fleeting and dynasties are not typical.   Responding to this I say that this is only true in the United States. In many European countries, including Greece capital very much exists in patrimonial form and as such can be used for the translation without a problem.   OP is unconsciously universalising his American idea of fast paced rag-tag capital.    
Germany hasn't ceded their manufacturing base or jobs and they're doing just fine as a regional power. And their middle class is very strong. 
You can't gerrymander a state, those borders have existed for longer than most voters have been alive. It is plausible to blame gerrymandering for why Republicans control the House but if you think that gave Republicans the Senate or the Presidency, you are mistaken. 
We are increasingly becoming intolerant of that shared responsibility view of our society though... 
You can't possibly look at our culture right now and conclude that we are altruistic.  Sure there are examples of it all over the place but that is not the outlook dominating our politics at the moment 
I know, it seduces me and pisses me off interchangeably 
I have used Schmitt extensively in my own work, and teach him. On Dictatorship was recently translated to English so now it's very valuable for undergraduates. I used to have to use the *Concept of the Political,* which is a far inferior text. 
I don't know. You can make a case for Marx I guess, since he 'invented' the word. "Understanding" is pretty vague though - there is no consistent understanding of capitalism. Mine is different to mine 6 months ago, let alone to someone else on earth at some point in human history.  So I'd be wary of saying it can be "traced back" to anyone, but if you're going to say that then Marx is the only name that seems defensible to me. 
Perhaps, but I'd be wary of saying "Existentialism is an ideology that can be traced back to Kierkegaard", wouldn't you?  I mean every idea can be traced back to other ideas. But giving Adam Smith 'ownership' of a word he never used seems ridiculous to me. If you're going to say capitalism can be 'traced back' to anyone (which I wouldn't), I'd say Marx is the name to use. 
i mean the guy that originally said smith's ideology is not capitlaism 
First of all, I am not *offended* by the interpretation, merely nitpicking a point of possible argument and then stating that argument. Secondly, the argument in my original comment had nothing to do with modern capital being fleeting or anything to do with dynasties (please re-read). Thirdly, I am not American and was educated on philosophy and political economy outside the US/english-speaking world on a very different interpretation of these subjects.  All in all, I cannot understand where you got these three points as they are not valid and are far from true. I can admit you had no way of knowing my nationality or country of education but, your first two points being way off sort of renders the third irrelevant and wrongfully arrived at anyway. 
But the jobs never left in the first place.  Once those jobs left America they weren't coming back.  Capitalists sold us down the riber and now we blame the politician...the anger is misplaced 
I'm saying that the chokehold that republicans have doesn't have to do with them appealing to more people. It has to do with how voting works. There's a reason that Dems won the popular vote,and that is fear. People in the country are afraid and so they vote against any change.   This is disproportionately represented in the government bc of the electoral college. Country folk don't produce as much and are dragging the rest of the country backwards.  
I would actually go even further to say that culturally, there is a growing number of people who will not only be self-seeking in their behavior, but purposefully depriving others of that ability in order to increase.  We are definitely not an altruistic culture. 
...I'm the undergrad who never had any philosophy before college. So I went in to those lectures "still in the cave"...and I've been quoting TCOTP since. Thanks for the heads up! 
Sorry are you saying now you haven't read it?  It is interesting, but I am worried about peoples views on what they think the implications are. 
You aren't saying in this sentence that he called for altruism.  But you are implying it.  Do you agree this would be in direct contrast to the implicate conclusion of TWON? 
I think you are saying here, that by increasing or pursuing utility, one increases their contribution to the common good?  
Because it's politicians that signed the free trade acts that allowed the jobs to leave in the first place, and gutted union protections and allowed corporations to bankrupt themselves to discharge pension obligations so that CEOs could give themselves record pay.  All of that stuff is solvable at the government level. 
Gerrymandering doesn't turn a minority into a majority. Gerrymandering just turns a slight majority into a very big majority, as well as producing extremely "safe" districts.  The senate has issues because it's not population based.   If you combine gerrymandering with voter suppression, you might have a way for a minority to dominate, but part of that could be a symptom of overall political apathy, where people just don't go and vote.  
Public life is increasingly being seen as a zero sum game, it's similar outlook to the fascists of the 30's and their view of winners and losers and how they were the winners who crush the losers. 
I had my niece and nephew over today,  my wife took them to church because their mother won't let us have them over unless we take them to church.  When they got home they were telling my wife all the things you need to do to go to heaven,  after their list I asked how they knew that was true and they just stared at me dumbfounded  like they're not used to beliefs being questioned. This article is exactly what I've been looking for.  
Please tell me you followed up with "and how would you test that hypothesis"-type questions instead of teaching her that made up facts are the same as tested theories.  
Books like Sophie's World by Jostein Gaarder are great for pre/early teens and upwards, and I'm sure there are lots of other books on philosophy that make the subject accessible to pretty much any audience you want. But I agree with you, it needs to be taught by a Philosophy specialist like any other distinct subject, and not like an oddly specific history lesson or off shoot of English. Arguably it has more to do with science then any other subject. 
Yup. Philosophers are behind the greatest movements in history.  
You make an important point; I'm a Neuroscience student and one of the first things you learn in any research oriented program is that constructing a manuscript is a daunting task. You don't just slap on pretty figures and statistics for submission. The level of reasoning that needs to be applied to make sure your conclusions and interpretation of the results are justified is comparable to that applied in Philosophy (at least that's what I've gathered from discussions with my Philosophy Professor). Of course, not all philosophers are cut from the same cloth, as with scientists. These skills are not exclusive to either discipline, and not every one you meet will have them. What needs to be done is increase the amount of those educators that do instill these skills into their students: STEM, Philosophy, or otherwise.  
A life raft isn't a cureall when you're stranded in the middle of the ocean, but without one you will certainly drown. 
Maybe this points out the validity of an earlier poster, that may be we as a society want or value critical thinkers. Revolutionaries are dangerous people. We want people to have the ability of read, write and be numerate, but maybe not much beyond that. Even those who study a STEM subject, how many really think about what they are learning and just act as sponge because that is more economically prudent thing to do. 
Teach Theory of Knowledge to International Baccalaureate students. 
"If we keep treating children as if they're dumb" ... "Adults can easily understand metaphors, children might take things literally."   Is this a flawed argument? I'd say: Protect children from the world, as is the job of a parent. But weigh the consequences of fantasy vs reality. Not experiencing the happiness from santa vs living the lie until you're a bit older. Are these fantasies always harmful or sometimes beautiful? Does a kid really need to know all of the horrors that early? 
You mean not as easily manipulated.  Advertising still works even if you know how it works.  Placebos work, even when you know it's a placebo.  We were all born with all the basic instincts, emotions and general wiring of the evolution branch we evolved on. 
Ignorance is bliss. I learned that at age 20 after watching some of those clips from the Middle East. People refuse to believe what'd right in front of them.  
children can be capable of concrete operational thought 
I have a feeling your niece/nephew's mom isn't going to like that. 
One of the things I do to get past taking offense at the question is to rephrase it out of genuine curiosity instead of criticism.  So I'll open with something like "you know, I'm curious.  Can you tell me why you believe that?"  Most people don't get offended at that question but most people also can't articulate why they believe what they believe. 
Sometimes people try to sound enlightened and they really just end up soused patronizing.   Most of the time it's people just trying to sound more cultured than they are, but a lot of times its related to really dumb detrimental [engineering] things.  "Why doesn't the caliper go on this way?" - "Because it will break and we have to have this done tomorrow"  Though really at the end of the day, beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  Not sure it really matters if people have brilliant or dumb conversations if they feel rewarded by it.  What other ends do such conversations meet?  Sometimes physical application, but mostly it just seems sentimental.  
One of the required classes for my philosophy major was a class on logic where we went over all the formal and informal fallacies.  Also we spent the first day in several of my classes going over structured arguments, identifying the propositions, and examining the logical inferences.  So yes, it teaches people how to think rationally. 
I know this is an unpopular thing to say among redditors, whom of many really enjoyed reading books, but assigning a *whole* book to a class of junior highschoolers (or even highschoolers) is a huge undertaking from a teaching point of view.  If you ask the pupils to just read it, only the ones who would probably read it (or something similar) anyway, would end up actually reading it. If you go through it chapter by chapter and discuss it in class to make sure that everybody actually reads it, you end up having almost a whole semester dedicated to 1 book, when you are supposed to be covering a very broad selection of literature, as well as making the majority of students fucking hate the book.  This is why most textbooks consist of explanatory texts and excerpts. That way students get exposed to, and acquire a hate of all the important literature. 
I have long suggested logic should be introduced alongside mathematics.   Reason and critical thinking skills are foundational pieces that have been missing from early childhood development.  
And the greatest non movements. My brother in law. Are you ever going to use that degree to get off my couch, Chad?!"   
Possibly their physics education was more about working through problems, learning various facts, etc. rather than approaching a question from various different angles, talking about the pros and cons of different approaches, reflecting on what sorts of reasons are convincing reasons and why these are convincing reasons, reflecting on the reasons for the answers to all of the above questions, etc. 
Out of curiosity, what did you study in university? I wish to hear more about your thoughts.   
Very few in and of itself, to be frank, but it's an exceptional springboard for the mind when actually applying yourself toward a more "employable" skill due to the way it gears your mind (e.g. much more analytical, more settled about the kind of work you actually *want* to be doing and how you do it etc.).  As /u/snuffybox said - law is often a natural next step. 
your gripe is that he said "not manipulated as easily" instead of "not as easily manipulated?" 
"So God is really great, yes Johnny?"     -"Yes, mommy says God can do everything!"    "But there are also bad people doing bad things in this world.."    -"I don't like bad things.."    "So if God can do everything, why doesn't he stop bad things?    -"uhh.."    "God cannot stop the evil, so he's not all powerful and not worthy of worship, or he let's evil happen anyway, and why would you worship an evil God?"    -"I want to go home, uncle bob ;___;"  
Connections are the driving force of success in every society. It is what makes it a society. 
I think this is an overly cynical view point. If schooling has been corrupted so that it's just to create conforming workers for society why do they even teach math and English and really any subject that is not immediately practical. If school really was set up to purposely turn us into worker drones it's done a pretty shit job of it consderijg how many people blatantly hate working and how anti capitalist the average person is  
I hope that is true. The biggest problem education has in the UK is not it's ambition, but rather its implementation. ie "Show your critical thinking skills by giving us the right answer." Proscription in assessment destroys real imagination. 
Can you give some examples? Not doubting you just wondering what sort of things they teach. 
I don't know where it came from, but I can follow it up.   In some of my past conversations, I've brought up philosophical or ethical questions in a fairly non-rigorous manner, but still some people tell me I'm depressing or they'll just blatantly say "I don't think about stuff like that."    On the other hand, some of my most cherished moments with friends from college involved quite a bit of philosophizing.    So it really depends on who you are with! 
It happens when people abandon the arts and humanities as sources of truth. 
I guess that's true, what's the point of life if not to enjoy it, in whatever way gives you the most enjoyment. There is still the unneeded defensive factor though, I'm not insulting them, just trying to have a conversation I think would be interesting and fun. 
Yes, I agree. That conformity can be efficient in teaching basic knowledge and skills, but to teach complex concepts it really requires more individual attention and detail, and frankly speaking most public schools can't afford to cater to every student's needs the way a well funded private school can. Public schools put more responsibility on the student to initiate learning (that freakin' "teachers open the door, you enter by yourself" poster in every classroom), while private schools focus more on initiating learning as well. Also public school curriculum could definitely use a change too, but then again so could most of those entire institutions. 
I'm happy to hear that ToK was such an influential course for you. The teacher has so much bearing on the course, so that's great that you had a good one. As a teacher, I'm lucky to have a great class. We have some awesome discussions, and most of the kids are interested. Best of luck to you in your medical career!  
Well, a lot of people think philosophy is "dumb" or "useless", so it's not surprising that some students didn't find the class appealing.  However, ToK is one of the core subjects for IB and very important to the program, so I'm not sure why the students felt it wasn't important. 
Indeed the audience should be considered with each given the right sorry if content. We don't do this enough in education.  
Also, I'm sick of CS students who can't understand under what conditions a certain branch is taken...  And no, I'm not joking. I wish I was. 
I see a problem with our need to test and evaluate students at all levels, since this process would be organic and rather messy, just like real education, which is not suited to bureaucratic score keeping. 
Philosophers and Philosophy Majors (while not mutually exclusive) are not the same thing.  
I guess you're trolling, but as a personal ignoramus myself, I was stunned by how much the Greek philosophers lead us out of the world of superstition, and into the age of reason. (sic). It sent religion scampering to the corners of reason for scraps, and allowed the development of scientific thinking which transformed the world. I wish politicians were philosophers... Marketeers are business people and lawyers are sophists. 
Computer Engineering.  Propositional and predicate calculus, the basis of rigorous reason, are covered. That's pretty much all you need really - even mathematics sticks to first order logic.  And to be frank, formal logic is really only useful when checking arguments (don't get me wrong it's interesting and all), you don't really need to be taught it to reason correctly - reasoning is an innate ability of most humans; with some people being better at it than others. 
Welcome to philosophy, empirical evidence isn't considered here. 
So you agree that they shouldn't be especially for American society. Yet some Americans sure seem to believe they are. 
Poor parenting can leave scars and habits that extend well into your adulthood. Becoming an adult doesn't magically clean the baggage from your past. That being said, having a good excuse to blame your behavior on your past doesn't mean you should. Part of being an adult is coming to terms with the past so you can have a future.  
I agree. It's not like when planning curriculum, they consider how to brainwash children into mindless workers. How does that even benefit them? 
Except for the whole having to teach to the test or your rating as a teacher gets destroyed thing. 
Much as I hate the regiment of school (I even home school my son) you are insightful in your comment. This idea of "drone" is due to rampant individualism, so that only immigrants to our country will work at many jobs, such as care and factory work. all our children grow up believing themselves to good for this, whilst simultaneously becoming incapable of anything else.  tl;dr schools are doing a bad job of creating drones. or thinkers. 
You're absolutely right. They encourage critical thinking at secondary school, but at the end of the day it was still a regurgitation of what we were taught. If I was doing an essay, rather than critically evaluating based upon my own thoughts, it was "give us exactly what we want to know and make it look like you've come to this conclusion through deduction, not because this is what was drilled into you repeatedly." The critical evaluation is an afterthought if anything.  
it was 5 years ago. But whenever learning about a subject we were taught to think about it from different angles.   Cell Theory? Well let's look at how you would design a good cell. Did it make sense? What are problems with your design? Why did it not work? Does the way it happens in the real world make sense? Why does it work in the real world?   Same thing for math. Learning about x^2 functions? Well lets look at 4 different ways to think about them. What makes sense about what we're doing? Do these problems relate to the real world? Lets also learn different ways to solve the problems.    Mostly stuff like that, but as you can see there was a large amount of stress put on wether or not something made sense and if there were flaws in how we thought about an issue. Make no mistake, many many of my teachers were shit. However, they still did actually do a halfway decent job at teaching how the critically analyze and apply previous knowledge to a situation/problem.  
But, these sentiments come directly from a culture that devalues critical thinking. 
People to me seem very, very reluctant to engage in even relatively limited Socratic-style inquiry about anything.  Questioning a belief they hold often gets them extremely riled up, even if totally inconsequential.  My father, for instance, once became furious because a scientist on tv tried to explain with physics how the star may have appeared over Bethlehem on Christ's birth.  "It happened because God commanded it to happen," my tearey eyed father screamed at the TV.    Or these multifaceted politically correct groups on college campuses that want to halt the Socratic tradition because differing opinions hurt their feel-feels.  I actually think this particular mindset - no I can't think this way because (insert some ego or psychosocial need) - is the primary source of idiocy in the world today. 
I guess sometimes two people just aren't compatiblists. 
Oh his is very true.  I think being cognizant of your own potential stupidity is the best you can do in today's engineering environment.  This is a speculative and kind of abstract conversation, I just remember a lot of annoying conversations people tried to push onto me as "interesting".   Like the environmental scientist who - in senior year - finally realized that wind turbine blades were "wings" 
When you say public school curriculum could use a change, what specifically do you mean?  What makes you think it's uniform? 
I think it's because you could only get 1 to 3 points out of it and only if you also do well on your extended essay. I really wonder why people think philosophy is "dumb" or "useless" as you say - this kind of attitude always annoyed me. 
It separates the men from the boys. I wouldn't get paid what I do if it were an easily acquired skill.   A friend of mine still hasn't fully grasped IF and loops. He views the syntax in a literal manner. I've seen things like IF-WHILE and SWITCH-WHILE (for reasons you can probably guess). When he asked why he can't do that, I told him that that is simply not the syntax for this language (Java). I've seen some creative code.  
I think truth tables and sets are as important as Algebra. It's difficult to get high schoolers interested in anything they don't consider valuable *right now*. That doesn't change a discipline's importance in education.  
"It sent religion scampering to the corners of reason for scraps, and allowed the development of scientific thinking which transformed the world" Careful with this, mysticism took a hit, but religion in general wasn't defeated. Isaac newton, the father of modern science and the modern scientific method, professed religion to be the driving force for his discoveries. "To think God's thoughts after him". Same with Kepler, the father of modern astronomy, and others. 
Well ... technically pure mathematics has no real world application ... it's still under the mathematics department rather than philosophy. 
But not everyone can comment "this" without flooding the comments and drowning out comments that do add to the conversation. In my experience on reddit, a post that garners enough upvotes should be able to accurately depict the level of interest of the users as a whole. When someone says "this", its kind of like voting 2x, by simply upvoting the comment you have made your opinion known anonymously. If you do feel the need to comment "this" then why not add more to the conversation by asking a question after "this", surely it follows that if you're willing to take the time to log in/create an account/comment that there is some underlying question or concept that the user can ask that contributes more to the conversation than just "this". "This" is a redundant restatement that doesn't show reflection upon ideas and discourages actual critical thinking, which on a subreddit like philosophy, one would expect to see. 
What? The reason we form societies is for connections. A group of people who are well connected can always accomplish more than an individual. Building relationships and trust is what allows us to be more than the sum of our parts.  Can it be abused? Of course. *Everything* can be abused. 
I do. I wish I had worded it differently, but yes, /u/Aisthetiks makes a fair point. 
Mainly thinking of the less serious things like abuse etc. Agreed on both accounts.  
It would benefit a society which has a collective goal.  If you have a view that you deem to be right than there's only 2 options that actually work in your favour. Either the society agrees with your view, or the society works for your view. Preferably both. The only way to guarantee that people don't oppose your view is to leave little room for them to create there own evidence based opinions. This can be done by teaching people what you want them to believe and a system of thinking that doesn't question your initial beliefs, any other option would undermine your beliefs superiority.  AKA, you can think critically about what ever you want as long as the critical thinking isn't targeted at beliefs of your superiors. If this can't be guaranteed, a second best step would be an uneducated, brainwashed society that works without thinking.  Not saying our system does this or that i even believe the system does this. Just showing you how it could benefit a hierarchy. 
It was also part of the formula for communism, and fascism, and the like. And family orientated could be part of the formula for small warring tribal societies. And public and duty orientated societies are part of the formula for dictatorships and monarchies.   People are just easily manipulated. There is not anything particularly special about any culture in that regard.  As for schooling: I know for a fact that my teachers definitely tried to teach me critical thinking skills. So any deficiency I possess is not for lack of their trying. 
1) How is what Russell said 100 years ago about Britain relevant to us today? 2) Bertrand Russell can still be wrong, after all the educations system did produce thinkers such himself 
Holy hell these corporations are evil then. Training people to be scientists and poets. Except why would they care because they literally have no idea who's going to go into what field, who's going to work for their company, if they'll even be any good, or if they'll possibly even start a rival company.  The benefit for the companies that you're supposing are influencing the education system are so indirect why even bother at all? If I'm a CEO I'm probably at least 50 years old so by the time one of these trained students gets finished with their schooling I'd be in my 70's or possibly even dead. People are very bad at thinking in the long term and you are giving them far too much credit. 
This sounds like something someone would say if they had never been to graduate school. I mean, I've never thought as you do, but if did it wouldn't have lasted past the first week. 
Eh - I disagree. It certainly happens I know, but in my experience the teachers who I had who had *discussions* in class about the topics being taught ended up translating into better overall grades and attitude in the class. 
That is sad. I am currently studying Molecular Biology at a solid school because of my freshman year of high school Biology teacher. I even went to school in the deep south.. 
Sad to see it really.  Everyone thinks they are above average.   Really think on that for a bit and imagine what that does to society.  Thanks to a long history of racism, IQ testing is out of favor.  But I've long wondered what would happen if we simply started deflating everyone's egos and showing who is average, who is not, etc.    To me, the fact that a "worker drone" who can go to the floor, 8-10 hrs a day, work a solid say's work, and come home to a solid middle class living is amazing.  This puts the "worker drone" at the very tip-top of living standards for anyone who has ever lived, anywhere, on earth.  It's not too shabby and shouldn't be looked down upon. 
It is almost as if the people setting up these tests lack critical thinking skills... 
Right? Like the star over Bethlehem isn't awesomely symbolic in its narrative context alone. I do not understand people... 
Ha! It's very interesting when people with a *lot* of knowledge in a subject don't know something that is very common within that subject, makes you realize how easy it is to  miss something. 
Metaphorically scampering for reason, certainly not even diminished. The Catholic church is probably the author of the big bang theory, they were not such an unreasonable religion by then. But... The capacity to think critically and engage without prejudice is available to religion just as it is to everyone else. If you recall that Galileo fell foul of the Church, and most science was decried as witch craft (Newton was skating a dangerous path with his dabbling in Alchemy). Just because religious men could not deny their belief in God did not prevent them from observing rationally. 
Good :) your mentality will take you far, my friend. 
Id say people are not easily manipulated unless they want to. People want to be manipulated so they can reap the rewards. They promise to end their fears for them like a church to the sinful and to have their backs like a mafia to a petty criminal. To question is to die alone.  
A culture isn't so much taught as it is made through social interaction, rather it is ingrained and shaped and molded over you. You aren't taught in schools to be a drone, you are molded into one subtly because you are expected to fall into a certain pattern of behavior and failing to do so will, at least in your mind, and indeed often in reality, will lead to you being ostracized. 
Alright. I will humor you, display all your evidence that an economic system, or any modern society model, with exception to an anarchistic republic for example, benefits from having citizens that aren't absolutely trusting in the system because they are incapable of rationally assessing and critically analyzing its flaws.  In fact, prove to me that there is not in fact, an inherently natural tendency towards this because of the natural social instincts humans have to follow a leader and defer to the group opinion.  Prove it, and I will concede, but don't just say something without at least trying to form an argument about why it is true. That doesn't really add much to the discussion. 
But such teacher's often fall behind on the curriculum doing that.  I used to have a history teacher like this.  We used to joke that he would be absent and let a substitute come and get us caught up, because there were no "time wasting" discussions with the substitute. 
I'll get through it. I'm not going to let it turn me away from studying something I love just because someone is too stupid to figure out something about the world around them. (I want to study astrophysics, by the way. Or ... Just cosmology in general. 
You put your finger on it. The jobs that we don't do anymore pay really well. Plumbers, Electricians, Welders, Gas fitters, Brick layers. The average salary is 100, 000 dollars or 65, 000 pounds. Then our country has the gall to complain about immigrants "taking our jobs" when the only problem is immigrants taking over our thinking and laws. (Plus the entire middle class is about to be replaced with AI) 
It definitely feels like it. What I like about university is that, really, there are no wrong answers. You can get something absolutely categorically wrong, but as long as you have proven that you have done reading and logically come to the conclusion you've reached, you can still do well. Philosophical essays are even easier - provided there is evidence to back up your claims, you can pretty much assert anything you want. Show how you got to that point and all that's left to do is provide a counter-argument, rather than simply going "no, this is not what you were taught." 
I'm grappling with that concept myself. I think it's the width as well as the depth of reading you do. Rather than studying the entirety of a topic, you're assigned an incredibly specific topic to read into significantly and get as many stances and viewpoints as possible during that time.   Rather than "analyse Hegel's Philosophy of Right", it's "is Hegel's theory of justice retributive or consequentialist in Philosophy of Right" for example.  
It's nice to see people who can admit it though.  I try not to open my mouth until the last possible second; sometimes it's sometimes it just hasn't "clicked" and I'll get it once I can sit at my desk and think.  But in a field where you're mostly making armchair decisions, being dumb is really only bad when you can't admit it 
If you have a good lecturer then sure. With the mass production of University education that aspect can be lost. (in UK at least). I remember writing an essay "Show how X is different to everything else" where I quoted lots of top software gurus saying "It's Not". I got a crap mark for a really good essay. X was "Object Orientation", in case you were curious. 
Yes, many essay questions narrow down, though the assumption is you have a broad enough reading to contextualise the question and a specific enough reading to give a detailed and nuanced answer. This is possible (I got a First), but the reality is that learning to find and sort the data intelligently (aka survey technique) is not the same as understanding the data (aka analysis and knowledge). 
Truth is the explanation that best helps you sleep at night. 
I always talk about a subject and project as much as possible, because I figure that people like to correct mistakes more than they like to give you new knowledge in the first place. The more I talk, the higher the chances are of me saying something not true, than quickly someone corrects me... to which I profusely thank them for teaching me something new. It works wonders because not only did I learn something, but the other person is now validated for knowing that in the first place. 
I do History & Politics, a lot of the politics I do is political philosophy so this is my bread and butter.  
The point that I'm making is that people do indeed say political correctness is the reason they can't criticise Islam, for example. When I see these people I immediately see a bigot, because I know one absolutely can criticise Islam without any serious reprecussions.   I'm saying that people who claim political correctness is everywhere and oppressing them are probably just saying things that are incredibly hateful rather than some kind of rational discourse, even if it is Sam Harris' sophistry.   
That is such a cop out. A notion of truth that depends on individual preferences is a real mockery of the idea of truth. 
I really like that too, but almost every non-engineer thinks I'm a narcissist and/or a contrarian because I like to learn things and challenge them in a similar way.  E.g. When someone proposes a design, I state what I think the flaws are and suggest my idea - not out of ego, but there are many ways of doing things wrong and only a few ways to do them right and those ideas have their own sets of pros and cons.  Designers tend to fall into patterns of refining the methods that have worked for them in the past - which is good - but you also need to put some "trust but verification" in other people's work.   Anyway, engineers can be really obnoxious people, but it's actually enjoyable when you know they're taking the time and personal risk to criticize you for the embetterment of the design.  
I'm nit sure what's special about chemistry that would prevent it from working.  If anything, it seems ideal for it, since it seems wasteful to have to spend time around the equipment lecturing.  You mention you can't depend on the students to read, but that's on the students.  Adjustment to a different paradigm requires adaptation from both teachers and students. 
Yeah, I can see how you express yourself succinctly, I am aware of rambling around to make my point. I am going to copy your previous post into notebook so I can use it to make my point better! 
Ah, what you're describing reminds me of how the Christians in America are oppressed by Starbucks' red cup. A little different from my concept, and kind of the opposite.  When things become politically incorrect, we cannot even mention them. It's an argument for the de facto inability to talk about them, this would make being able talk about Islam automatically not governed by political correctness.   Politically incorrect is saying that the US caused its relation with the Islamic world by intervening in the affairs of Muslim countries. We don't hear that, what we hear is that they're terrorists and by gawl we will get them all for what they do to us. Following the blame is unacceptable, we just wont talk about it anymore. 
Cool. We agree. I was just kind of talking about there's this whole degree, called Bachelor of the Arts, that is based upon classical thought rather than STEM. When I said arts and humanities, what I really meant was a complete liberal arts education, which is really just comparative study of everything. 
I guess it really depends on the context that you propose a better design. During senior design project period at my college, I helped almost every single group with a part of their design at some point; I would recommend various audio amplifier IC's, or a power supply design, or I'd help them with their STL autocad files (since I run the 3D printer here), etc.  Not once did anyone say anything negative to me about any sort of criticisms I had towards their designs!  However, if I ever criticized an art majors design... you'd bet I would get a side-eye or an eye-roll. Or perhaps, if I criticized a business persons plan, the same thing. Not that they don't trust you know what you're talking about, but that in those areas, that kind of suggestion is, for some reason, considered a faux-paus.   But I'm in engineering and I'm an engineer so fuck them all I'll act like an engineer! It's who I am :). 
Cause it's pretty easily to connect everything to existentialism 
That's not what is being suggested as the story arc. OP proposes that the character arc of Rick is developing a way to be happy even while knowing nothing matters, without retreating to some false meaning.  
IIRC the end of that essay is "one might imagine Sisyphus happy." which doesn't necessarily mean he's found meaning, it could be interpreted that he has reached a state of acceptance of the absurd and revels in the meaningless turmoil of life. 
It's not, it's content fluff filler. They invented a narrative around an advertisement.  
I think you nailed why I like Rick & Morty so much, by comparing it to my favorite philosopher. 
Hahahah I can attest, watched the series 3x through and it has challenged my philosophical tendencies each watch through lol 
Do you really think so? I just looked at their channel page and in the last six months they made about ~45 Videos, 5 of which were about R&M.  I would hardly call that 'the only thing they do'. 
Don't forget the Morty Mind Shield - THE reason why all the Ricks have Mortys with them. 
While I've always had an interest in philosophy, I really began investing time researching varying schools of philosophical thought following my transition from religion to atheism. From there, I spent a great deal of time researching a multitude of religious/philosophical beliefs, particularly by way of thinkers like Christopher Hitchens, Daniel Dennett and Sam Harris. Admittedly, my knowledge regarding religious convictions is greater in comparison to my philosophical wisdom, but I have attempted to accumulate as much information as I can and am always seeking to learn more as the quest for knowledge is never complete! 
It also makes it uninteresting. The idea that reality doesn't have a built in obvious answer, so you just have to do stuff is one of exactly two options, and is taken almost as a given in modern day. Like sure, there are particular things to say about it, but to anyone who has watched / read more than one video like this, the fact that they describe the same basic existentialism facts, but then say its part of a different series gets redundant after awhile when nothing else is mentioned. 
Well not exactly Nazi ideology, just theories made by a literal Nazi.  AoT's ideas and values were pretty common in the late 19th century, which the series is roughly based on. 
More about how season 2 finale dangles the switch from absurdism to existentialism but season three trolls us and goes full force absurdism. You were really close though.  
I see that now, you're right. The message was muddied by having one of the last lines of the video highlight how Rick doesn't care about his family and isn't learning to be compassionate. Made everything seem reductive.  
Yes, it is possible you may not enjoy the podcast. Also, psychology says we all think we are smarter than we are, he is probably just in a position that exploits that. Over 200 episodes his views have evolved a lot, so while I agree with your narcisissist condemnation, there is solid proof that he changes opinions and views based on mostly current social affairs.  
Pop nihlism is a great way to put it. My friend said it addresses deep concepts, I pointed out it's not addressing them so much as exploiting them. 
The line is "one **must** imagine sisyphus happy" it also follows line about how Sisyphus does not find the world futile or sterile. The Absurd hero is not one who is detached or despises the act of living. Camus himself was a very passionate and intense Human being who had principles (although he couldn't always keep them) and believe in authentic value, just not values which were innate. The Absurdist embraces life and living while recognizing that it could and likely would come crashing down at any moment. That does not hinder the Absurdist.  I agree with the individual above us, Wisecrack very much misunderstood or misrepresented Camus' ideas here. Rick is much more of a Active Nihilist or a follower of Sartre's existentialism at this point. Two perspectives Camus disagreed with deeply. Rick had a chance to be an Absurdist but chose not. 
how is that a bad thing? or contradictory to any of what anybody said 
No problem, glad you enjoyed it as much as I did. I'm admittedly new to the Wisecrack channel, any videos in particular you would recommend watching from them? 
Yeah only the Rick and Morty ones make it to the front page tho, so that's why he thinks they make just R&M videos 
Why would rick give morty his collar then (s2e1)? If that were true, 10 times out of 10 rick just puts it on himself and gets a new morty if he doesn't actually care. 
Careful, friend. This is how it has to be. Don't let it grind you too much. If you feel uneasy or believe yourself headed toward your own crisis, change your lens! 
Rick is actually an egotist. Every single one of his actions supports this. We thought he betrayed that when he turned himself in to save his family, but we saw that was just a ruse in the season 3 opener.  
Haha thanks. I've thrown this example around with my friends before when they talk about how deep Rick and Morty is and it's usually met with blank stares. Maybe I will if you promise not to use it as homework lol  
Would you sacrifice your genitals if the utilitarian calculus showed that it would save hundreds of billions of lifeforms? (Inter-dimensional cable 2)   
Green eyes. The blonde hair is the only similarity, seems like a stretch to me 
I find that a bit hard to understand. Nazi ideology and metaphysics were about biological race; existentialism is more about the existential/hermeneutic structures that define our existence. Also, the Nazis emphasize purity within the group, while existentialists tend to emphasize individual existence and choice. Obviously some existentialists (most [in]famously Heidegger) were seduced to various degrees by the Nazis, but I don't see those two things as being all that easy to put together, unless you tilt your head and squint (which both sides certainly did at times for their own political gains). 
I'm pretty sure the philosophy isn't why people watch and love the show. The show's persistent shittalking and utter disregard for reverence is pretty consistently the main draw for the majority of fans I've spoken with. The nihilism and existentialism is just the vessel. 
That's because the internet thinks everything is nihilism. 
Going to reiterate/clarify that my grievance is just a commentary on its fandom and not the show itself. I enjoy the show. Nevertheless I agree with you, good comment my dude. 
Oh yeah it won't really, my comment was mostly me expressing my frustration with internet fandom. When I watch it with friends we don't divulge in "this is deep" so I'm still content. :) 
TIL Camus was from a province in eastern central China. 
I don't think being busy for busy sake or level of activity is the innate subconscious goal. I think it has more to do with having control or conversely losing control. Overall the lazy man would rather be effective than be busy or lazy or whichever conserves energy and increases output the most. However effective *and* lazy may be energy conservation at its finest. 
Can you?   Legally it would seem the State has possession of your body. If the thought that you don't wanna continue living is shared with what the State calls a "mandatory reporter" you'll be held in psychiatric care against your will.   Socially, if your intent to take your life is made public, others will feel compelled (perhaps legally and their idea of morally, too) to report it or physically restrain you. They often won't accept your rationale.  Psychiatrically, suicidal ideation is thought to be a disorder and you will be treated for said ailement.  You may desire to stop living, but at no point is it a choice you can make yourself in a circle of thinking greater than your autonomy. 
Pursuing happiness is a goal one can set for himself, but it is in no way an absolute meaning that life imbues upon us.  You can set that as YOUR meaning of life and live in peace, though. 
Maybe he should explore things on his own rather than letting the front page decide for him 
It's not the similar content of the videos that bothers her/him. It's the existential issue. I don't like being reminded of it much either.  
Egotist or Egoist? Because Egoism is Stirner and egotist is another word for narcissist.  
If you could post that essay by midnight Pacific time, I would read it too. APA format is the most readable, don't you think?  
and the whole extermination and enslavement of inferior species thing 
I wish it was just the disregard for reverence and shittalking. The more the show tries to be profound the more annoyed I become. I'm pretty much at the point where the show is ruined for me. 
The best way to start hating something you love is engage in the online community for it 
I'm sure it's because a lot of redditors are in high school. The themes in Rick and morty *are* deep, if you're 15 and never heard of them before. We were all there once, and information was new to all of us; I just avoid the online discussion of it haha 
Aren't we talking about Buddhism here? The concept of doing without doing? 
I doubt that it's even possible to find meaning in nothing. At the basest level we are animals with all the concomitant bodily needs and desires. There's also the psychoanalyst idea that so much of the meaning we invest in life is a result of unconscious processes. The most free individual operates within a relatively narrow space of possible action - they are subject to thrownness as much as the rest of us.   I would say the existentialist 'auteur' approach to being is hubristic, and whilst absurdism doesn't posit that we can 'create' meaning, the idea that we can consciously divest the world of meaning is incorrect in a similar way. Our conscious mind is just not that powerful.  
All of this is laughably obvious, if you're really serious about killing yourself you would know better than to mention any of your feelings to anyone who could possibly jeopardize your pursuit by telling the authorities, all you have to do is go home and wrap your lips around a revolver, it's that easy. 
For me it's about the fact that life is kind of weird. I cannot believe that there is anything other than nothing after I die. Some people would say this would remove all meaning from life not quite the opposite. It means that I give my life meaning through my own actions.  
please give me a list of the other things in life you don't want to be confronted with so we can censor them out of existence, thank you.  
Tell your instructor you're too busy reading Reddit and arguing with people on leftbook and you'll have it tomorrow  
I don't know if we need another non degreed person spewing philosophy on YouTube. Definitely something I've thought about though. I think we can all settle for Philosophy Tube for now, although Olly took the path of asking if Rick and Morty were existentialist.  
They didn't enslave and destroy inferior people for any ideology though, they did it for profit and fun. 
For what it's worth there are plenty of anime shows that avoid those common anime tropes. You're probably thinking of shonen anime which is meant for teenage boys essentially. There are is also a seinen which is meant for a more mature adult audience, plus other genres intended for both young and older female a as well. 
I think it's in the same vein. Lazy is a loaded term. 
A lot of people support assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. This is due to them not having to experience great pain and suffering when there is no chance of recovery.  Depression is not curable or even reliably treatable in some cases. It also causes great pain and suffering. It's not that far of a leap from there to support it if they have tried to get help and nothing really worked. 
what if you're just programmed to think that and are actually deluding yourself? would that matter? 
That makes a lot of sense. I'll have to look that up and check it out. 
I think it's a pretty big leap to expect support based on that notion alone, assisted suicide is still a pretty new and provocative idea, as much as I hate to accept it I seriously doubt you'll see any medical practitioners suggesting that when they could just as easily convince you to stay alive so they can wring more money out of you, unfortunately I don't expect a sensible attitude or even decency from people who profit off of suffering.     
Yes, yes you can. If a person is in the unfortunate state of mind where suicide seems like the ideal route to take, how much consideration do you really think they're going to have for other people, being fully prepared to take their own life? Fuck the other people, suicide is a means of getting away from the other people, if anything the prospect of spitefully impacting the other people with your messy aftermath only serves to sweeten the deal. Nobody commits suicide just because they innately hate themselves, it's living within the confines of a system they didn't ask for, the imperious nature of others and the restrictions they impose upon your life, the forced guilt, the failed expectations, consecutive disappointments, social exercises in futility, you don't drive yourself to suicide, *they* do. Imagine being born in a world with no people, growing up as a feral child in a scenario akin to a twilight zone episode, suicide would never come remotely close to crossing your mind.  
But I would think, therefore exist, right? If I was programmed to think I was doing real stuff and unbeknownst to me, I wasn't, I'd be just like Jim Cary from the Truman Show before he found out he was on the Truman Show. I'd just go along my merry way and not suspect anything and all of my experiences would be so real to me. Even if I was deluded I don't see how that would make any difference to me. I'd still feel the pain and joy I feel now even if it was a little artificial.  
Oh right. I think i misunderstood something. Thanks for your reply tho  
That is pretty clearly refuted in the episode where he sacrifices himself for Morty, telling him to be better than he was. Rick doesn't have a consistent framework for his actions because he is a deeply depressed individual who actually avoids introspection whenever he can. 
I agree with the motivations for suicide, but disagree on how everyone would face the feelings about following said motivation. If anything, you actually described how **you** view the mindset of those who kill themselves.  I really doubt that everyone would follow the same mental steps. To prove this point, imagine a teenager that kills himself because he hates his parents, and another teenager who kills himself because he has severe depression. The latter might very well feel guilt for making his parents sad for his death and therefore will be under the influences that I said, which would affect his choice. While the former might be the case you described, where the spite would make suicide even better.  That's why I disagree that it is always an easy and free of influence choice. 
Obviously in a truly infinite multiverse it's hard to argue that there is anything unique -- but Rick C-137 nevertheless holds himself to be unique, so it's at least possible for him to reasonably consider something/one else unique as well. It's possible that from Rick's perspective there is nothing special about the multitude of Summers, including the one he happens to be speaking to at that moment, but that there *is* something unique about "his" Morty, at least within the context of the show.  
He embraced Nihilism the same way a doctor embraces illness.  If they said Active Nihilism or "Overcoming Nihilism" it would be more accurate, but still, so silly. 
Two questions.     1.  What are your alternatives to a world with no purpose? It's not like we have definite proof what your purpose should be. You either have to find your own purpose or believe what someone else tells you your purpose is. There are no other options.     2. Why does the origin of your purpose even matter? You exist.  Leave the world a better place and enjoy the time you have here.  Find what makes you happy and how you can contribute to our world and do that.   
The Web is the best place to learn about and discuss our existence from a philosophical perspective, in my opinion. I haven't found anyone in-person who has had an existential crisis. Probably because a lot of people are religious. 
Is that so bad ? Nietzsche may not have been a nihilist; but nihilism was certainly a very important topic to him.  You can play the edgy philisopher all you want, but there are enough litterature about Nietzsche being linked to nihilism that both his wand nihilism page mentions him as being a key philosopher for that specific school of thought. 
This raised a question in my mind: should we interpret that freedom as altruism?  
It probably will once they put out a few more sub par videos.  
Watching those two guys sculpt each other was pretty good, too, but this one might have more lasting effect. My college English professor suggested to me that I am an existentialist, and given what I knew about it at the time I disagreed. But after this video, it might actually be a suitable description.  
The problem isn't that there is little depth in Crash Course videos. The problem is that they often say things which are outright false. 
As someone who has been studying philosophy at university for quiet some time I can confirm that they are fairly inaccurate. They dumb-down subjects, which could have two reasons: for the less informed public, or they do not understand it themselves. I think both are equally true. Regardless, if you wish to truly understand it, check some introductory second-literature and then read the original. That's the only way to truly understand, and even then it is a difficult task. But remember, those people spends their entire lives on these subjects, so just trying to understand what they meant in a few minutes is not just impossible, it is blatantly arrogant.   
I would argue that Sartre's view is off because he supposed that we do not have a human nature. Modern genetics has taught us a lot about behaviors that are inherited from our parents, so his argument there doesn't exactly hold up.   He also likes to use Freudian psychology, which is outdated. 
Why do you think the greens are generally disliked on reddit? Genuinely interested.  
One of my professors told this story in class.. I believe he went to war 
I think precisely the same, my personal observation is that they are trying to express the simplicity and emotion of this... psychological/philosophical thinking.  
I think that's where Sartre gets it a bit wrong: that we have no human nature. However, even with our external influences still being very powerful, we still are ultimately choose each and every one of our actions, and no one can actually force us to do anything. 
For every person who has actually learnt about Neitzsche's work, there's 10 people who overheard him being mentioned a couple of times and want to sound like they've learnt about him. Same for like everything. 
He went through a phase of it himself and believe that many people should, to a point, as well...because after all that his point is you then choose for yourself (if I remember correctly. More of the crash course series explained this further). 
I balk at the idea that a philosophy 101 course would label Nietzsche a nihilist. That seems like a mistake that a person who'd never read Nietzsche in their life and had only ever misheard conversation about him would make.  
I think I am just discussing the philosophy.  I have no issues going about my day with happiness, and treating the people around me well, but when the lights go out at the end of the day...I just haven't quite figured out how to properly cope with existential crises!  
I feel like that's valid. It's been a while since I've read any Nietzsche, but I came away really excited about reassigning value. In my own terms based on my own experiences. The only danger I've come to learn from this is that sometimes I felt like I can't reassign again (at a different stage in my life). Shit changes.  
I followed up and read the essay.  Thank you for the suggestion.  
When I made my comment I was obviously in a dark place, and it sounds like you can relate to it.  I do hope you are able to find that anchor.   
I liked MOR, but interestingly, a large part was because *I* talked the way HJPEV did, at that age. For me, the biggest suspension of disbelief was that he could have friends while being like that, too. IMO: Artemis Fowl, friendless, is a more believable character than HJPEV with a few friends his age. 
That and many people don't feel comfortable talking about their existential crisis 
The reason he mentions it so much isn't because he is a nihilist, but because he sees it as the greatest threat to humanity. He was absolutely not a nihilist himself. 
No I don't think so. But I suppose it just depends what the individual does with their freedom.  
How so? I'm actually interested in Existentialist beliefs and I'd like a credible source of material.  
If you found this video accurate, I would go see about getting your money back from your philosophy course. 
Agreed, we do indeed "choose each and every one of our actions," but we do so within serious constraints-- physical constraints, obviously, but also cultural/linguistic/conceptual constraints. There are thoughts, emotions, even colors that I don't have the language to express. So we have a lot of choice, but compared to the breadth of human experience, we're relatively limited. And of course even the sum of human experience is a drop in the sea of possible actions of possible intelligences. 
But apparently Christian Existentialists don't believe in Teleology. 
Yeah that's really upsetting since most people also believe that he used that quote himself and they have no idea about Zarathustra or the context of this quote. As far as I know this common misrepresentation has got something to do with the first english translations of his work. Although they have been reworked over the years, a false image of a nationalistic radical Nietzsche had been spread through them. And not just his sister tried to portray him as a Nazi but high ranked Nazis from the government did so as well.  
No one ever does but I find solace in knowing that I'm working on leaving a better world behind even if at the end of the day the world doesn't care. I care therefore I am (or something...).  
You're conflating two distinct concepts. One is the will to power, the other is free will. There's debate as to whether or not Nietzsche denied free-will or was a compatibilist, but in any case Nietzsche doesn't claim that leaving the herd, ascending, soaring higher, being an ubermensch, reinventing values, etc., is a simple choice like the choice to have tea instead of coffee. So it's not a "danger" that can't "reassign" value, it's a property of your existence that at time x you lacked the capacity to ascribe/overturn value. Shit does change, and even thinkers who were obsessed with freedom like Sartre understand that that freedom is circumscribed.  
No, they're just following their motivations and acting as if there's conscious intention behind them. 
My view is that I'd like to have them, but nothing (whether internal or external) has provided thus far.  Besides that, I have no insight. 
Isnt that the point of existentialism? The idea that there is no universial truth, and therefore there is no meaning in life.  
You are not lying to yourself when you imbue the world with purpose; like Sarte would say, you are the inventor, so invent. How, I would ask, is being an inventor of my meaning--something only capable of coming from my self--on par with being a liar?  
I mean, even if you don't love and respect him, at least don't lie about him :( 
How would you characterize philosophers studying nihilism ?  Which philosophers would then be nihilist ?  If I remember well, the reason Nietzsche is considered a nihilist is because of Heidegger's interpretation of Nietzsche's work which he sees as the pinnacle of nihilism. 
He doesn't really do justice to Nietzsche. He falls into the same "Nietzsche is a Nihilist" trap that most people do, probably because that's what most people think Nietzsche was (he wasn't. He was actually pretty existentialist himself. When he was talking about the "inevitability of Nihilism" he meant that he believed that there was going to be a vacuum of morality in which he hoped that Ubermenschen, highly creative individualists - *Not a race of "genetically superior supermen." Nietzsche hated nationalism and anti-semitism, and only became associated with them because his sister, who was a Nazi, misappropriated his unedited manuscripts as Nazi propaganda after his death* - would create a new morality of based on a love of life and the material world.)   The second reason is most likely because Nietzsche is ridiculously difficult to read and even harder to interpret. For all of Nietzsche's intellectual genius, he was not a particularly articulate author. 
That's interesting. I'm no philosopher, so I don't know if there is a real distinction between purpose and function.   I've always thought physics exist and it lets universe function but I never thought of it as physics exist TO let universe function. Hmm thanks for an interesting point :) 
I care therefore I am... I like that. Unfortunately there are a lot of people that don't care who also seem to, be. 
Man, the illusion of control is really confusing.  
That's the saddest most pathetic motivation I can imagine. Yet for too many people, you are probably right. 
Yes but there is equally no point in death either. There's no point in anything and we create our own realities either way, whether or not we believe it is for a greater "something" or a greater nothing. It's all contained within the mind. 
But still though. Let's say that you think your life is important enough to you that you should not be murdered. If someone comes around and thinks that your life is important enough to be murdered/ended, then how are you supposed to apply a form of justice?  I'm assuming here that that person and you would be otherwise "good" people. 
Well gravity was just my example. All the laws of physics have function. It's by observing those functions that physicists are able to derive equations to determine their behavior in the first place. If there was no function of gravity we would have never discovered it. It wasn't until the days of Newton that anyone had even thought of this concept of gravity. It existed long before him, but it wasn't understood like we understand it today. Of course it has function. The only assumption i'm making is that purpose and function are one in the same. Which only seems logical to me because i spend my life looking at equations. Haha 
Yes, but Nietzsche was *critiquing* that fall into nihilism, not at all embracing it.  
Try reading some Heidegger. You might enjoy it. Discusses care as the defining property of being. Lack of care is still in relation to care. I don't fully get it but it was interesting  
Well, it make sense.  If your internal motivations agreed with your self-image every moment of every day for your whole life, wouldn't you presume that you'd "chosen" to do what you do? 
I would say it's a subconscious motivation.  I don't think it's "sad" or "pathetic" either.  It's the reason your ancestors were here and ultimately the reason why you're here. 
If someone finds it important enough to murder someone, then he must accept that there are people that find it important enough to stop him from murdering and punish him if he does murder. That is how you apply justice, because society has created a set of morals, or laws, that we must follow and people that go against those morals must be held accountable.  
Is there a "better" option out there that anyone reading this would recommend? 
Also not very good at philosophy. How do you know he was critiquing it? Reading this quote -and nothing else- sounds blatantly nihilistic. I don't doubt you at all, I am just wondering how you know that. Which one   of his works is what I'm asking I guess.   
Very little indeed. Like I said, your suggestions are practical, but they have limits. I think they are sound advice for trying to get along with others, but that they fall short in the context of a philosophical conversation about existentialism and the absurd.  Your original comment was making the claim about practices that would leave the world a better place. You were trying to show that it is easier than Dentarthurdent42 was implying, whereas I am offering you counterarguments to your suggestions that show that even if you pursue these common-sense ideals you will still have to face uncertainty and the absurd. 
Lol I am not sure I get it either. Pizza is the defining property of being, lack of pizza is still in relation to pizza.  
I wouldn't say anyone leads a distasteful life. Things are, or are not. Applying adjectives to things or ideas helps to humanize them. This idea that anything is inherently good or evil is a human concept, in my opinion.  
I totally agree. I am not really familiar with existentialism too well, so this is just my personal view. I am not religious at all and because of this "religious purpose" has always felt extremely phony to me personally. I ascribe to the "we are all just atoms in the void" world view, only because it seem like the closest to reality.   Despite that, I have never been bothered by a lack of purpose. Even if I am just a pile of atoms, I am a pile of atoms that can think and feel. I have the ability to think things through and decide what I think is right. Certainly I will make mistakes and get things wrong, but as long as I am honest with my self and do what I think is truly right, how can I do any better? That feels authentic to me.  
I don't see how my being here as a result of it makes it at all a compelling argument. It isn't as though they did me a favor that I should be grateful for. If anything it is a compelling argument for why it is a bad idea. 
The problem is conflating purpose in the human psychology sense with purpose in the "your body has evolved to be capable of this" sense. 
The murderer can just as easily claim that since there is no objective morality, then he cannot be brought to stand trial since the court does not use/uphold an objective form of law. 
First of all, I didn't downvote you. Secondly, I actually answered the first question, not the second one. The reason for not answering the second question is that I honestly don't know any explicitly nihilistic philosophers.   Nihilism is a position much like solipsism: It's used as an insult, but there are not many, if any, people arguing for it. Which philosophers would you consider to be nihilists and why? 
I really like the philosophybites podcast. It features interviews with real philosophers and attempts to put them in a context where a general audience can understand. 
he suggests that man has killed god with their pity for him and ourselves. that we have allowed ourselves to become as small as we felt in the face of nihilism. he was stating the opposite really; that only by imposing upon our selves values that we uphold despite ourselves, we overcome our limitations and are able to be so content in life that we would be happy to live the same life over again exactly the same way if we had to.  
I wasn't suggesting that these ideals absolved one of facing the absurd. Simply that they're a way of responding in the face of the absurd. 
Oh my description of it is awful. I'll do some digging and try to give you better synopsis haha 
Well point is your psychology is your mind, which is a function of your brain, which is the transposition of your genes into the world. 
It's not a problem though is it.  There's a field dedicated to it called Evolutionary Psychology.  Seems kind of obvious to me.   
We can objectively say that society has set a code of laws that are brought upon by everyone that if they wish to live in this society, then they must abide by those laws or face punishment. As people we have decided that murder is wrong and does nothing, but cause suffering.  
I'm not saying a consensus of expert opinions/findings isn't the truth. I'm just saying that you can't immediately assume that *because* there's a consensus on something that therein lies the truth. It's a logical fallacy. Experts are experts because of the amount of knowledge they have, and there does need to be a trust that the experts in their fields know what they're talking about, but you should always look at the arguments/findings/evidence/data and see whether or not it holds up.  
Okay.  But for those of us who aren't existentially satisfied entirely by procreation, it's definitely a problem. 
Even skimming wiki should give one this clear understanding as that's all I've read of Nietzsche pretty much. How do people miss this, and whats more public popular youtube videos making this mistake? 
Yes, this is what I meant by patronizing.  Specifically in the context of the George Washington story, such falsities are necessary to promote and sustain a particular ideology. As you say, one is often exposed by being told about George Washington's honesty; however, if one were to be first told George Washington (and other founding "fathers") was a slave owner, one might feel compelled to question certain foundation myths.  
The chapter that is quoted from is all about a work of art by Sophie Calle, called Take Care of Yourself.  Bolt uses that work as a means to talk about Heidegger's theories, primarily from his book "Being and Time" (1927), more comprehensibly.    
I agree, "pile" is not really accurate, I just like how it sounds.  
As is the case for all Turkish classes. In Literature class, the exams outright ask us "what are the 5 attributes of this very specific type of ottoman poetry" and the university entrance exam mostly consists of "from which writer's book was this exerpt taken from?"  We need a major rehaul. 
One semester (or year) of English. There's already four years of that in high schoool (at least where I'm at). And all the most critically important skills from English class carry *directly* over into philosophy.  I can personally confirm that one Intro to Ethics class made me a far better reader and writer than sitting through yet another semester of Shakespeare. 
To be fair, a VHS tape of a pineapple talking about kantian metaphysics couldn't make it any *more* impenetrable. 
My thought exactly. I learned my logic from being a "math" kid. Philosophy is a great for things like forming arguments, but things the American public deem more important can teach that just as well (history, english) 
This is why my father wanted to send me to private school; they had a logic class taught by a philosophy PhD. I think that you have a good point, and perhaps this should be a parent's responsibility. All you really need is a book and someone to talk to about it.  
Schools are struggling in the US just to graduate kids that can read and write, much less do math. Get real, indeed :( 
I totally agree, and I get the impression your students are lucky to have you. The shame of it is, from my experience training or observing teachers across a range of subjects this is not a common approach for various reasons - so formalising such skills (in an above reply I've suggested these are critical thinking skills as opposed to 'philosophy') in some way may be the only way to ensure it's something that can filter into the mainstream rather than being a fortunate bonus for certain kids in certain classes (not necessarily as a separate course though... perhaps in a cross-curricular manner or embedded in some of the achievement criteria as a more obvious way of linking these to a syllabus's "vision" or "mission" of whatever, which are often otherwise pretty arbitrary and easy to completely ignore when you're not in a meeting with the principal).  
Also the example is wrong.  Of course illegial aliens take jobs from American citizens. 
Yep, philosophy doesn't have any effect on most of the students even if mandatory  
"What is the task of all higher education?" To turn men into machines.   "What are the means?" Man must learn to be bored.   "How is that accomplished?" By means of the concept of duty.   "Who serves as the model?" The philologist: he teaches grinding.   "Who is the perfect man?" The civil servant.   "Which philosophy offers the highest formula for the civil servant?" Kant's: the civil servant as a thing-in-itself raised up to be judge over the civil servant as phenomenon. ~Nietzsche 
I'm confused.   I had a few mandatory philosophy course (mandatory here to have most degree after high school). The introduction course WAS essentially a course on rational discourse and logic. With some Plato and Lucrece thrown in.   So isn't that just a specialized philosophy course? (Though I guess everything is :P). It seems like the obvious starting point too.  
Hm, I didn't think of that. I'll look more into that later and might change my opinion to 6-12.   Do you think there is a way you could "plant the seeds" at a younger age though? 
Hell Yeah! But start the course off with some proper standing up arcade stuff - these kids have gotta learn some respect for history.  
I could also easily see a teacher deciding to push their own personal beliefs/agenda along kids. Maybe the teacher decides to emphasis god because they believe god is real, or vise versa.  Lots of ways this could go bad.   I think an argumentation class would be good. Something like speech and debate, but less about writing essays. 
logic, reasoning, and critical thinking is all present in other fields. 
This inevitably happens to all "school subjects", especially those that correspond to a state testing regime. 
Math classes usually don't teach formal logic. And social studies is hardly a substitute for ethics. 
Learning about some schmuck's opinions helps you to reason? UM No! That's like saying reading the bible will make you smarter. 
This reminded me of the university entrance exam in Ukraine. One of the questions was "What shoes did the wife of the main character wear when she went to the market?". 
Well seeing as the Turkish government rewards diligence and not critical thinking, I'd say the education system is working exactly as intended. 
This is an interesting proposal.  A good philosophy course reinforces a lot of the core competencies english is supposed to cover (grammar, critical reading, argumentation, etc.).  In fact you might be able to just use existing english teachers with some additional training (and a restyled course title like "humanities").    Obviously there would be resistance from some existing teachers at first but I think a lot of English teachers would be thrilled and a new generation would just take it as part of the landscape. 
???  Reading is core skill which America already lacks in high school graduates.  
I think logic itself should be taught as a class.  Because some people can apply logic mathematically, or philosophically, and not vice-versa 
Critical thinking can be taught in any class. As a STEM student who came from a good high school with a strong liberal arts focus, I gained most of my argumentative and reasoning skills from English and history classes. If OP's point was that the skills required to engage in logical discussion should be an integral part of every curriculum, then I totally agree. If his/her point was that one cannot gain those skills outside of a philosophy class, then OP's full of bullshit. 
On the other hand it could be like my high school philosophy classes, reading pre-Socratic texts, then a little bit of Plato, Aristotle, Hobbes, Machiavelli, Rousseau, Kant, Foucault and Nietzsche. 
My school didn't care. They just let everyone graduate, so they can get more funding for sports.  
Living in the Bible Belt, philosophy is also blocked for similar reasons.  
There are many difficulties in this as the government (in my case the provincial government) regulates and mandates a curriculum. It's difficult to take the time to foster this type of critical thinking and encourage questioning when imposed with time constraints. The two problems I face are: Time. I need to cover material and have very limited time to teach everything the ministry of education expects Parents. Some parents have difficulty with this approach and want a very strict level of education where I tell and their child memorizes the new learning. Methods of education can be debated, but in my experience from either side of the education system (student and now teacher) is that genuine interest and self discovery is what will be remembered when the dust settles. Not the date or fact I spoon fed and told them to copy down and memorize for a mark. 
I lost all sympathy for OP's argument when he advocated ignoring law and order. An illegal immigrant is an *illegal* immigrant.  If you don't want them deported, change the law so that all migration is legal. But of course you'd never do that because then the general public would be made aware of how lax their law enforcement is. 
I teach middle school science. Even 6th grade seems early for many students.  6th graders need lots of help making inferences and thinking abstractly is not something they are good at and its not something they can do a lot without getting burned out.  It's a great place to start, but IMO not with an entire year long core class.   I mean...also, what do you replace?  ELA?  Math? Social studies?  Science?  Those are the 4 current core classes and between those and lunch and other electives (badly needed brain breaks for younger students) that's the entire day and it's about all students can handle.  
Sounds like English literature exams in my school jn the Netherlands.  Luckily, most exams are a bit better 
Was friends with University Assistants in college who were very adept at spotting plagiarism. Any suspicious turn of phrase got Googled. I've been under the impression plagiarism had gotten harder since the internet, not easier. 
That's exactly what true maths is about. You start from the very basics, and then you build up your argument with sentences of which you can prove the truth. Even the logic is a branch of math and people could benefit very much from it.   There is a reason as to why almost all the brightest phylosophers in history were also brilliant mathematicians. 
I agree.I had Humanities in 10th grade in an "advanced"  high school in the Philippines while also taking a regular English 3. AFAIK our teacher was actually an English teacher. Our humanities class was more interesting since we interpreted artwork,  read Sophie's World, talked about social issues. In English, we did read poems and Shakespeare and etc. but really,  it was boring and I didn't learn anything new. Even our class project was great. It was to create a socially relevant short film. There were 9 classes so we had 9 films and it. was really interesting. The best picture got a 100. It became like a high school version of Oscars lol.   Also: our class won best picture :) Whooo 
I'm about to get my BS from a state university having never taken a foreign language course in high school nor college. So I would say some some parts of the nation have managed to rid themselves of that already. 
This is reddit... As far as I'm concerned, his statement doesn't contain any gross grammatical errors (though "all the most" instead of "all of the most" is kind of irritating). If he doesn't want to disclose his actual location, "where I'm at" is perfectly fine for casual conversation.  
Philosophy can literally supplant english for a year as a form of it.  You still read in philosophy. You can even assign books or just read from passages for philosophy.   It can be like 11th grade- english:literature  12th grade- english: philosophy.  
Totally agree with this.  Most people live there whole lives thinking logic is nothing more than a good sounding argument pulled straight out of their ass.  Logic is a science.  It has laws and rules that can't be bent or broken, and while built on philosophy, is much more important. 
Have you ever studied philosophy at a university? There is so much that is left out of those history and English classes. Also I would argue that forming those arguments are just as important as learning how to form them.  
I'm not a teacher, and I understand it has unrealistic standards of young children, but doesn't common core attempt to teach critical thinking as a skill for every subject? 
My god they tried to do all of that in high school?  Teaching Nietzsche to high schoolers is child abuse.  
There's two types of "language" that is taught in school. The first type is spelling and grammer, which is mostly memorization. But the other type, that I'm assuming CherryTomatoGarden is talking about is reading literature and analyzing what the characters did and why, and very much teaches philosophy. 
Yup. Hey kids, let's learn some Nietzsche today! It totally won't conflict with everything your parents have taught you. 
When I think of bright philosophers I think of people like Nietzsche or Heidegger and when I think of more dry philosophers I think of the mathematicians like Russel and such.  
Definitely guilty of omitting "of". It's fairly common in my region to omit "of" when it isn't deemed necessary. I recognize that doesn't make it right, but such is the nature of colloquial language. 
I'm a native English speaker and I don't see what's wrong with that. Where I'm at makes sense, albeit a little slang.  
there is reading, and then there is reading at a high school graduate level 
The same could be said of math, physics, chemistry, history, literature etc. There is so much left out in High School.  Yes, philosophy provides certain aspects of logic that other fields (e.g.: programming) don't provide, but those other fields also provide aspects that philosophy doesn't. At some point you have to decide which is more beneficial, in general, to students.  I'd argue that taking programming from an early will be much more useful to a student in the next 5 decades, than having taken philosophy at a university level. Argumentation, logic and other useful skills provided by philosophy can be learned in other fields, maybe schools ahould emphasize it in those other fields which are already in the curriculum. 
You're taught logical fallacies in English. At least I was in both middle and high school. 
Kind of.  I am In a bilingual school.  Spelling and grammar in English is one thing, but a foreign language immersion requires the same mental skills as logic.  Add to that doing things as you described- reading, character study, social studies debate, etc.- doing all of that in the other language?  I really strive to challenge my kids not just to give me an answer, but to know why they gave it and be able to support it. 
Really, I'm not sure what I'd think about Nietzsche being taught at a high school level, simply as a matter of difficulty.  Keep it Greek. Highly beneficial, comparably accessible, less controversial. 
That's unusual. From what I can tell, Catholic schools are (mostly) pretty good. 
Pretty much, yes. I've had parents complain just for mentioning I have a background in philosophy.  
I sure hope you're practicing your reading skills in history, science and other classes. Why is there a need to teach reading fiction for four years? 
I would argue that the logic taught in programming can be more useful than those taught in philosophy.  One of my biggest problems with philosophy in general is that if it tries to distinguish itself from the other sciences, it can only do so via metaphysics. All natural subjects are covered by some kind of science or mathematics.   But metaphysics, by their very nature, are not tied to any physical anchors except for where you decide they are. At lower levels this leads to insane propositions that are, because of unproven and untestable premises,  perfectly logical, and perfectly useless.   I think it is far more useful to teach concrete, practical logic first via the sciences, and then to let those who are interested later move into more abstract logic. 
Then you probably didn't have very good philosophy professors. 
side point- but I think they need to be even more explicit that ad hominem isn't a logical fallacy unless you try to use it for the purpose of advancing an argument.  TO many times i'll see someone make an argument, then end it with an insult. (or start it with an insult, like "you're an idiot. Now here is why you argument is poor...") and then the responder just goes "thats an ad hominem logical fallacy".  Except it isn't.  It's just a tacked on insult.  He/she wasn't trying to advance the argument with that insult.  They didn't say "you are an idiot and because of that your argument is poor...."  Also sometimes ad hominems aren't fallacious even if they are used in the undermining of the opponents argument way. For instance in places where credibility is crucial, like an author's testimonial.  ok im done 
Good for you teaching your kids logic like that! I never quite got the whole foreign language thing myself, as a math and computer programming guy that part of my brain never clicked. And now my girlfriend speaks another language as her first language :P She speaks English almost as well as me though fortunately. 
The Germans do definitely have a bit of an edge of controversy in them compared to the Greeks.  
Which is interesting considering the history of Christianity and philosophy, which has been close since.. when, Augustine? Aquinas at the latest. At some point some Protestant denominations seemed to ditch it. I wonder when and why. 
I agree with you re: the complex set of obstacles to implementing such a system. The most likely killer at the end of the day would be the data... "your students overwhelmingly state they really enjoy the class and are gaining a lot from it, but how can we in head office keep track of their achievement on a numerical scale for the contentment of county treasurers and the four parents who question the subject vocally in meetings? please spend the next 20 hours plotting their qualitative development against this completely arbitrary quantitative pie chart which is actually meant to be used for a different subject". Never say never though eh. 
I agree and thats part of the idea I was trying to convey. The point of schooling isn't just to enlighten people with pure knowledge, but to teach them skills that will serve them in many different aspects of their life. Philosophy can be one of those, but I wouldn't say it's a *core* subject. Many other disciplines provide similar and in many case more practical contributions. 
People on reddit regurgitate stuff they see without fully understanding it at all, ad hominem, strawman, no true Scotsman etc. I usually downvote any comments with any of those in it.  
Well if it makes you feel better, computer programming is basically a second language :). One that I would have a hard time learning, for sure.  Except it's like Latin, where it serves a very specific purpose. 
Socrates (or Plato's version of him) was all about questioning authority.  
When the agenda changed from God to money and they learned keeping the masses stupid allows you to take more money from them. 
No kidding. Our biology teacher can't teach evolution else risks his job. We don't have AP history because it represents a  "liberal agenda". About half our classrooms have crosses and pictures of Jesus hanging on the walls, and bibles on their bookshelves. We used to have mandatory prayer, which is now a "moment of silence to clear your mind, or pray".  Sports teams pray before games, often led by the coaches.   During a unit covering cryptology we watched a documentary on the enigma machine and Alan Turing. A few students and parents complained that it was "making fun of their beliefs" and "promoting a sinful lifestyle."    Actual "philosophy" courses including  courses in critical thinking / informal logic wouldn't last long. Although I think a number of students would love to take them, the community would quickly shut it down.  
That's the trend. As a science guy I love data but I don't worship it the way admin and politicians do.  I think it can skew your decisions because you forget the intangible stuff and the nonlinear and complex relationships between people and systems.  Even when teacher evaluations and such don't overvalue data and test scores and such, they still color the rest of a person's opinion about what's going on in general.  
Just loads of personal experience and lots of daily evidence that the vast majority of people, including scientists, have little to no understanding of logic and fallacy. A quality philosophical education can help you identify such shortcomings. I've found most students in the us can't disect a sentence much less identify a fallacy. Find some evidence that it is common. I'd love to see it. I'm always happy to see education getting better. 
Well the masses were always ignorant. Perhaps that is the difference - many Protestant sects, at least American ones, are 'all masses'. No educated elite guiding them a la the Catholic Church who can say 'no it doesn't mean that *literally*'. Without them, literalism is all that is left. Just a theory. 
Wow, that is appalling. I went to a Catholic (Jesuit) school, where the Theology class your junior year is Ethics, and you spend about equal time on Church doctrine and philosophical views. Plus there were several senior electives on philosophy.  
You were the one that claimed it was uncommon.  The proof is yours to provide. 
Username does not check out  Unless oxen are some real cynical bastards 
Thank you haha you're comment made sense to me. The characters on Sunny are psuedo-escapists, they make their lives miserable and then spend all their time getting drunk with each other in their bar to try and forget. I'm not quite sure how the OP arrived at the conclusion that we should take a page out of Sunny's book to be more happy, but I would bet that OP has his own psuedo-escapism tendencies and used the show as justification.     "If happiness is subjective, then I can make myself believe that these people are happy doing what they know they shouldnt , and I can be happy doing what I know I shouldn't."     Sure they smile sometimes and have fun together, but are they fulfilled in any meaningful way? No.   
To me that seems like absolutely valid/sound logic.  I guess I enjoyed the video for different reasons.  I read a book recently, Philosophy in Film by Mary Litch.  She proposed that film/tv can and should be used as a springboard for philosophical questions/propositions.  As a teacher, I'm happy to see the trend in video essays like these that explain ideas from multiple disciplines (Philosophy, Psychology, Sociology, etc.) Anything that makes academia accessible to a wide audience is brilliant to me.   
thats not how i saw it at all.  I read a book, Philosophy Through Film by Mary Litch, where she absolutely persuaded me that film/tv can and should be used as a *springboard* for examining philosophical questions.  The keyword here is *springboard*.  I didn't see the video as an attempt at exposing a deeper meaning in the screenwriting,  I just saw it as an interesting attempt at making philosophy relevant and accessible to a wider audience than just philosophy students and professors.  
Scary thing is, I'm the least cynical of all the ox's. Source: I've personally met and know every ox 
Uh, that there was no explanation of Nietzsche? This was crazy -- it was an account of "Nietzsche" indistinguishable from any modern philosopher.  
Steve Carell in Little Miss Sunshine does it in the first ten minutes. 
I definitely enjoyed the video. And if not for that I wouldn't have taken the time to have an intellectual thought about the show for sure.   I wasn't attacking the video if that's how it sounded. But it feels good to know that my thinking wasn't totally flawed. I was almost afraid to post my thoughts on the video 
So you post it on the one subreddit populated by philosophy students and professors? :P 
Well first, the OPs whole point was that the way they live is authentic compared to a significant portion of people, and they're happy doing it. This is absolutely ridiculous cause they are clearly unhappy. For specific moments for this, that's most of the show. But OPs thought process is something like "they choose to do it, therefore that is happiness to them" 
He doesn't do it for the money. He does it for the scheme.   He's a hero 
He has a want or need, how ever much he hates talking about it, to be with Dennis, dee and Charlie  
If anything, Mac wants respect/people to fear him.  The strength is just a way to make that happen. 
So You think not eating cat food is putting on airs 
You're right. I think people are exclusively thinking and commenting between the OP "god is dead creates a search for authenticity" and people claiming "that proposed character basis is wrong or faulty analysis due to fiction," so that they didn't realize OP is using the right definition of authenticity and it applies well.      Much in the same way an abusive partner shouldn't hold your interest, IASIP works well because we never know what they'll come up with to do next. 
To answer the rhetorical, yeah man if the video draws parallels between artistic works and philosophy, then that's worth talking about. It lets you see both the theory and the show in a new light.  
I think it is good that they got across God is dead without connecting that to any grandiose metaphysical claims (which normal misinterpretations of Nietzsche often fall into), the fact that it is just a sociological statement and that it undermines the notion of truth.  That's distinctly Nietzschean and it is something most philosophers would oppose. 
He lives on the fringe class. Neither low class or high class. He's a class of his own, Frank class. I think he's one of the most interesting characters of the show. He doesn't seem to have much motivation other than doing hedonistic shit and is, in a way, the least relatable character. 
I hate that people have to feel afraid of sharing their thoughts.  Everyones thoughts are significant.  Heres a mind blowing idea/argument for you on Cricket though--going off the whole "God is Dead" thing, the idea that the fall of the christian value system and the emergence of western philosophy and modern science would lead to total disarray and the end moral objectivity.  Cricket is just a blatant representation of "God is Dead". A living example that the world we live in lacks one unifying value system.  The gang is a living example that the only way of living a fulfilling life is following ones instincts and finding people with shared experiences.  But you never know, Cricket may get it together eventually hahah.  His story isn't over yet!!! 
yeah? Why wouldn't I?   If someone has found a more effective medium for sharing philosophical questions and propositions to the world, I would think this would be the MOST important place to share it.  Maybe I'm wrong.    
Well said.  Perhaps I assumed too much reading your first post. 
I wonder if the show would have been as good as it is without him? 
Mac want his father to hug him when he was a kid. He wants those strong safe arms around him. he wants those strong arms. He wants to feel safe, being buff gives security. The same goes for his relationship with dennis in a way, in addiotion to the gay thing 
God is dead *is* a grandiose metaphysical claim in Nietzsche -- God is dead is part of the revaluation of all values. God is dead, and we have killed him. But will we rise to the occasion of needing to posit our values ourselves, in the knowledge that they are unfounded--except by force of our will?  
The argument is that they are the only ones that have been able to live life as their one true self because they have shed the societal skin that prevents normal people from doing so.  I personally think that reasonably validates their authenticity claim. 
That's an interesting perspective. I still think he's an example of what one can do to others by being so intent on getting what they want. But perhaps you're right. Gives me something to think on when I rewatch the series like I do every year.  
Don't wonder, it would't have been. The gang "Glen, Rob and Charlie" really hit the jackpot with DeVito.   Frank kinda enables the show to happen with his money and schemes  there is a lot more shit to write about, if it wasn't for Frank the show would be flat just having him in the shot works. There is all kind of scenes where Frank is just idle playing like he understands whats going on and he just kills it. 
Only in the sense of what it implies, I was pointing out it isn't the same as atheism. 
Yeah that doesn't follow at all.   First, not living according to external rules (norms, values etc.) doesn't mean you're living according to your authentic self. A person can fully endorse societal norms and rules and still be authentic, and vice versa.  Second, the gang constantly exhibit behaviours which show that they care deeply about societal norms, rules and values (they are usually just too weak or stupid or flawed to be effective in doing so). 
I feel like Frank really opened up Charlie's character as well. Their partnership is a nice contrast to the Mac/Dennis duo. 
S1 was good but when Frank is introduced it just gets so much better 
It's really not bad, but not great. Charlie, Dennis and Mac are more or less the same characters they always are and are hilarious doing it. It hurts without having Frank, but the big thing holding it back is that Dee is relegated to the boring voice of reasons too much. Even when she does bad things, it sounds like she's really reluctant to do it and is out of character for her. When they started letting her improvise her character, her dialogue, etc. to sound more authentic, the show benefited *hugely* from it 
Honestly in season one even my first watch through its funny but it feels like there's something missing. Going back now knowing Frank is involved I can find 2-3 places per episode Frank would've been hilarious to be in if he was a part of it then.  
Yeah, overall season one was more tame. Not worse, just less Sunny. I don't think it necessarily had to be DeVito, they just needed a 4th crazy person to amp things up. Although DeVito is a great fit, and his star power helped boost the show's ratings overnight. 
I agree. You can definitely see the gang's shitty undertones and basic motivations (except for Dee, she's mostly the straight-man in season 1.) I recently saw the abortion episode and underage drinking episode on TV and after not seeing them in forever, I thought they were pretty funny  
They started giving Dee a bit more creative license in Season 2. They just sort of let her do her own thing and adjust/ad-lib  all of her dialogue to not be the nagging, stereotypical girl in a group of guys. It also shows off how good of an actor she can be. "Hundred Dollar Baby" is probably the best Dee episode from season 2  
I agree with you. The person who's going to find value in it is going to be a Christian deontologist with very little background in moral philosophy. 
It sounds like you're describing Stockholm Syndrome. 
This seems like a fair question. I would assume that torture involves an inability for the tortured to escape from the actions being placed on them. In fact, I guess it doesn't even have to be actions upon them, you could torture them by attacking their family in some way for instance. Do we count prison as torture? I guess it certainly can be. Can I accidentally torture someone? Not so sure about that.  As such, I guess my first go at a definition of what it means to torture someone would be to purposely and successfully inflict physical and/or psychological damage onto someone with the desire and the attempt to make sure that the person has no means to escape continuous damage other than your own will to let them go. 
It isn't different. Leave aside the morality question, you don't know if they are a terrorist unless convicts by 12 jurors. The constitution prevents extra judicial punishment of people whether they are terrorist or witches or communists. Everyone is fair gave when you don't prove guilt first.  
In my view, torture is next-level prolonged suffering as a form of punishment, and/or cruel and unusual forms of execution (popular in medieval times). Like being broken on the wheel, boiled/burned alive, or crucified... Sometimes those events took hours, or even days to kill someone - not quick, or dare I say, humane like electrocution or lethal injection.   Nobody (in their right mind) is going to volunteer for that. I think we're hard-wired with a sense of self-preservation that wouldn't allow it. 
I love your insight.   If the West was to resort to depriving a high value prisoner of their sleep to extract information that could save lives, don't you think that would send a message to countries such as China/DPRK/ as well as the organizations the West was fighting, saying that the morality of torture is more subjective than we claim? 
What would they say? Is it effective or is it not? 
Pretty much, you cant. There will always be a hypothetical situation that justifies almost any action. But in reality there will most likely never be one man with the knowledge to save an entire race, who will only divulge the necessary information if you torture him.  Personally I think torture should be avoided at almost all costs, but in your hypothetical or similar situations, the choice is obvious. I dont think humanity or the world benefits from looking at things without a completely open mind, even about something as awful as torture. There are too many factors to consider in all decisons to ever say it can only be '*this*' way. 
Police would likely be far more effective in preventing/prosecuting crime if they had CCTV cameras in every room in every person's house, but any reasonable person would find that gain irrelevant compared to the intangible value of privacy.  The same argument can be put forth here. 
Well the argument against nuts in a vice is that a captive will say anything at that point to avoid further torture. IIRC there have been studies done on this that conclude that information gathered during torture is generally inaccurate. 
I could imagine an ISIS sympathizer making this exact same post. You think they are just crazy animals slaughtering human beings for Allah. In reality, they are retaliating. Avenging their dead and lost. Just like we retaliate and avenge our dead and lost.   I am not equivocating you with a terrorist, but rather inviting you to take another look at your rhetoric and see it for what it is. 
But people are too stupid / have the wrong perspective. 
How so? Just because you're allowed to kill people under certain circumstances doesn't mean that you can torture them, just like how killing combatants in battle is different from killing prisoners.   
And then they starting fighting to the death, killing more cops and solders, to avoid being tortured. 
The problem is thorny because naive deontology and naive consequentialism both give us implausible answers (don't torture a guilty man to save the entire planet in the first case; torture the baby to save two others in the second case). But pretty much no deontologists and consequentialists will actually agree with these positions, I think.  The problem is further enhanced by the fact that criteria for decision-making procedures and criteria of justification are not the same thing. Perhaps we ought to use a decision-making procedure ("don't torture") that occasionally has us do the wrong thing (fail to torture the one to save seven billion) because it almost always gives us the right answer.  
I understand where you're coming from but the question is not from one persons perspective. One person feeling 'bad' is not equal to many feeling 'bad'. This is exactly why there are countless stories of heroism and selfless behaviour. In basic this is Empathy. 
The goal of torture has similarly departed from the medieval times.  This isn't torture to wring out some coerced confession, or anything along those lines.  It's used specifically for gaining corroborating, actionable intelligence.  There's a significant difference. 
I'm not arguing for torture, and I'm not saying it works. I agree, I think it rarely does and the downsides out weigh the benefits in reality. I'm saying his arguments are weak though. I find *your* arguments better than his paper. 
This whole debate makes the assumption that torture does work. He states that.  And what if the person won't volunteer? If it's the head of ISIS, he isn't going to volunteer to be to tortured to give up info he was unwilling to give up in the first place.  It feels like you're reaching to confirm an answer rather than thinking it through.  
If the definition of torture depends on who uses it, it's not a very good definition. 
I don't think you're fully clear on what Stockholm Syndrome is.   Stockholm Syndrome refers to the specific case in which a hostage develops an affinity for their captor.    The above situation is just referring to how individuals, when instructed to commit deplorable acts, have to believe in the individual instructing them to do so, because their entire world would collapse upon them if they didn't.  
Retribution and deterrence are only distinct in motive, not in effect. Both are about inflicting suffering.  Rehabilitation isn't even worth addressing because that isn't actually something that the prison system does.  Incapacitation only makes sense for lifers. For people who eventually will be released, you are releasing them as more hardened criminals than they were when they went in. 
Prison systems don't get designed by accident. I can only assume that their effects are derived from the intentions of the people who hold absolute power over the prisons.  Also, the effects that I've described are indistinguishable from acts that would be considered torture when applied to terrorist suspects at Gitmo. 
That's not the real Kantian question. You don't ask "Imagine a world where everyone is a dentist" and you realize everyone starves to death so dentists are evil - that's absurd. Rather, you ask what the world would look like if torture was always used in scenarios A, B, and C. Would you want to live in that world? For many people, the answer is easily yes. For others, it's no. Kant doesn't give a good answer for this precisely because this is question itself is divisive.  Kantian ethics doesn't work by asking about universal behavior regardless of conditions (everyone does X no matter what), otherwise it would be pretty useless. 
Okay let's say torture is morally wrong no matter what.   Now consider someone has a code to preventing the detonation of a nuclear bomb and you can only get the code by torturing him.  Should I torture him or not?  
Torture works great for getting the confessions that you want, not so much for getting the information that you need. 
Do you think it's just an arbitrary quantitative divide from suffering? For example, if someone is merely imprisoned, that might cause them terrible suffering. But on the same continuum, making a little kid wait for hours in a room might cause them suffering. Where does it become torture?   I'm afraid the distinction often seems to involve disgust and gore, which might help explain why waterboarding isn't so much condemned and TV personalities even volunteer for it without understanding. 
I agree. The official policy of the government should be against torture.     If that hypothetical scenario ever comes up, people will be able to use discretion and there is not a judge in the land that would punish them for it.  
Whether something is ever moral and whether it should be legal are different questions. 
But they dont actually make any reference to why it IS bad, other than "it just is". That isn't an argument, its just a claim. 
thats why theres further follow up torture sessions. but even if half of the information gathered is not accurate thats still half thats useful. where as you're likely to get little or no information at all using other methods.  
There's plenty of training offered on enhanced interrogation- but most of its illegal now although it was used as we all know after 9/11. I'm not trying to say that the US is torturing people or tells other people to do it. Is there a torturing type? Yes, they look like middle aged nice guys. You know the interrogators when you see them. 
So tempting to reply to this and ask how that's possible when Adams seem to still be spot on and was one of the few "pundits" predicting a Trump win. But ... You know, probably not the place. 
Holy shit.  "Climate change is a hoax because Trump is an expert bullshit detector."  Yeah, I agree with you, dude needs to stick to his comics. 
How about legally mandated vaccines vs torture?   Most would argue that the outcome is a greater good, for a majority - even if the subject may be unwilling. 
You don't just onto a philosophy subreddit and say "Trust me when I say this" 
That seems like a distinction without difference. The intent might be different than medieval times, but the result of the torture is the same.  
Yes actually it is. Would you rather loose sleep in your own piss for a few hours or have nails driven into you?  
I wonder why they like doing that to others now, then?  Very strange.  Have they forgotten how horrible it is?  They should administer an annual waterboarding exam for everyone.  It should be like getting a drivers license. 
Are you saying that justifies our use of waterboarding? 
I was specifically referring to Gitmo when I referred to individual (or rather specific) cases. You can't say all prisons are torture just because Guantanamo is, which was my point.  Yes, there's a disconnect in those who design prisons and policy with the ideal intent of prisons. I just don't see your reasoning that US prisons are designed for torture on purpose. It's hyperbolic and takes away from the real problem with torture in our culture. 
Doesn't Kant explicitly reject lying regardless of circumstance (giving way to the whole murder at your door problem)? 
Right, I don't disagree. I was just trying to map out the space a bit more so people could see why there are disagreements.  
That's a good question, and not one I have a good answer to. Every moral theory has its objections, and they often are the dual of the objections to their rivals (so the benefit of consequentialism is its ability to count for this case, but its defect  is telling you to kill one to save two (or slightly more)). 
I don't think it's that arbitrary. Torture is a fairly vicious, sadistic, and barbaric method purposefully intending to cause physical or psychological harm. It may be used as punishment, or to extract information.   I don't believe imprisonment rises to the level of torture, so long as it isn't accompanied by physical harm (i.e. maiming, lashing, branding, beatings, starvation), or severe psychological harm causing a person to lose their grip on reality (sometimes a result of prolonged isolation).  
Actually you have that detail wrong about torture. The worst case scenario is precisely when half your information is accurate, and you end up believing the *wrong half*. Which is sadly more common than your rosy scenario where we somehow know which half is correct and it becomes "useful". In which case you have telepathy and don't need torture to begin with. 
Thank you for your response, it goes in line with what my friends have said. 
Well, to be fair, I think that's more of an excuse than a logical progression. Adams was a climate change denier years before Trump was anything but a slumlord and mass-marketing huckster.  Of course, given his educational background, he has essentially no excuse to ignore the science regardless of his agreement with the political component. 
Well that's where we get into areas where we discuss which principles are okay to use to subvert someone else's autonomy (combined with causing them incredible mental and physical trauma). Your example of mandatory vaccines falls under the principles of weak paternalism and welfare, and are also quite non-invasive principles. Not many systems of ethics, when explored fully actually think that torture is permissible. The only system that does, broadly speaking, would be consequentialism, and that category of ethical systems is plagued with problematic conclusions that most people can't accept. 
I completely 100% disagree. They used torture during they centuries because  A) they did not understand as much about psychology as us.  B) sadism And c) entertainment ( which could fit under sadism) but im thinking more like gladiator- forced to kill or be killed ( i would consider this torture) 
Look at it within it's context. So, you don't agree? You don't agree that if intelligence agencies didn't use their advanced interrogation techniques, aka torture, for the past decades, many people wouldn't be alive? It's rather common sense than anything else.   
I'm not going to argue about the definitions of terms, but that doesn't match any definition of dilemma I've ever seen.  I took you to be using it in the colloquial sense in which the choice is difficult (which is true if there is no consensus about how to answer the question) and each side seems somewhat bullet-biting. 
But those effects are also just increases in numbers. By the same logic, if one person has been extremely scared and hurt in the history of humanity, why does it then matter if more get scared and hurt by the fact that multiple people die in a crowd? 
What one would rather do is irrelevant, both are torture.  
Yes, they have forgotten. Or more accurately, they never knew in the first place.  I'm not sure if you realize, but there are very few people still alive who experienced WWII. The youngest of those would be in their late 80s.  
No, just that they are already using 10x more brutal methods, both physically and mentally.  
Stick to the scenario. Assume he will not give up the information in any other way, otherwise the experiment is flawed as we havent controlled for all variables. 
Its a hypothetical. Just answer the question properly based on those assumptions. 
That doesnt matter, this is a theoretical mind experimental to see whether or not torture is ever moral. Its often useful to look at the extremes to test our views on morality. 
Torture is one of the only things that should and can be banned universally.  
So you are saying not once in human history a prisoner has "spilled the beans" under torture. Those are some top quality prisoners if I may say so. 
/u/roboprogramming, please cite examples of cases where torture led to saved lives. 
Welp, then I guess our enemies will have to do it to us so we can refresh our memories once again until 50 years later, we have to do another refresh. 
In this scenario, torture could be used to save an insane amounts of lives, which is why I'd go for that option.  In the real world, it isn't as much of a no brainer, as a situation like this is immensely unrealistic  and torture would never be the only or best method of gaining information. So I'm still 100% against using torture in the real world. 
Sorry, this isn't how logic works. Your "hypothetical" is fatally flawed in its premises. Move on. 
It's never moral. This is one reason if an interrogator's family were in danger, we would relieve the interrogator of his duties. Because we recognize that the right choice (not to torture) is one the interrogator would likely be incapable of making. It's similar to why we don't staff police on issues that involve their own family. 
No, but rather it was terribly unreliable. You may get true info. But u may also just as likely get false info. Thats a god awful ratio of success, especially considering if the person was framed. Toture is wrong and ineffective. 
I was putting my opinion out that I think ALL actions must be judged based on the situation and the consequences, not just what the action is itself. 
Oh, of course, I agree with you, but the point of the question was to determine if the morality of an act is based on the scenario and the effectiveness of the act, which is apparently not a common opinion here on /r/philosophy, since most people have concluded that it would be immoral to torture him regardless of the lives lost.  The guy I replied to originally was of the view I just described. 
I don't get it? My scenario was purposely exaggurated to home the point that if it is ever moral in any situation it must be moral dependant on situation. 
bring on the lab grown meat.  If it costs the same and tastes the same, Im totally down for it.  Im sure the "real thing" will remain highly sought after as a status symbol. 
Though I completely agree with you for today. What about when we are capable of making all of those produce items in a lab with no death. I am all for hunting but only if you are going to eat it. If you could go get venison for the same price would it not be cruel to go hunting for simply the sport? 
Then people will complain only the rich can afford to eat meat, while the poor become malnourished. And if the tax is high enough, you will create a black market in meat just as with other goods in demand.  
I see what you're saying, but I disagree.  Killing and eating animals isn't a problem...if it is necessary for your survival.  Our society affords us ease of access to all foods, so it is hard to see the moral side of killing any animal for food these days.  It isn't necessary for our species to survive. 
But what you gotta think about is, what is our definition of cruelty, is it species based, life based, intelligence based?  wikipedia says "behaviour which causes physical or mental harm" and killing causes physical and mental harm, whether it is yourself, or other people around you. If you saw someone die around you, you'd suddenly get shook and scared. Its the same for the animals. 
we absolutely can do things which will make sense in the future. much of what we call civilization is in actuality the machinery which we use to do those kinds of things, like plant vineyards and educate children. 
I like your style. In some less developed countries the communities have erected huge contraptions (basically a large funnel with a spotlight on top) to trap and collect grasshoppers and other insects that they later fry and eat for an incredibly cheap source of protein. I can't see the downside to this.  
it should end up being cheaper... last i heard 1 gram of lab grown meat only took 14 calories to produce compared to the more than 40 it takes when raising an actual animal.   they said it tastes the same, but i can't imagine a muscle not being used tasting like one that does... you eat different parts of any animal and taste the difference now; however, we do tend to prefer cuts that get used less... breasts in chicken, the loin in larger animals.  
That's actually one of the biggest draws for lab-grown meat--it must be created in sterile environments, and thus require no antibiotics at all. 
Most of our modern conveniences are not NEEDED, but that does not negate or trivialize people's enjoyment of them. If there is a suitable, sustainable, and economical way to develop synthetically produced meat without any moral issue, why would that not be positive in your mind? 
So, stop eating them. At least as a first step, reduce your consumption. You are essentially acting as if your hands are tied on this matter. You have no one else to blame but yourself.   If you sincerely love animals but can not give up a few fleeting moments of pleasure when you know what goes into it, that speaks volumes about your will power. 
It's new, like not at market research stage new. So far the main drawback is it's just meat, no fat. And like any meat eater knows the taste is in the fat. They think they can get the price down to a comparable number but that will depend on mass production and for that it has to taste as well as the real thing or people will not buy it. 
In the future, it will have positive economic consequences, because lab grown meat will be cheaper than real animals. 
There is however the conservation aspect as well. Left unchecked deer etc can reproduce out of control and then either cause harm or starve if not enough food is available.  
Exactly! I'm not a vegetarian but I do have high respect for those who do so for personal principles. Living martyrs, all of them. 
As long as it's not a factory farm (which I'm totally against) most farmers take good care of their animals.  I grew up on a farm and have years of experience raising dairy goats.  The wethered males were taken to slaughter once they were big enough....but they lived a pretty happy life up until that point.  Out where my folks live a lot of people raise cattle for meat.  They generally get to hang out in a big field.  If there's not enough food (winter) or water it's provided for them.  But no animal, being kept for any reason, should be crammed into an impossibly small space and covered in their own piss or shit.  THAT is cruel. 
Meat isn't a requirement for nourishment though.  In America at least, basic products like flour, milk and breakfast cereals are fortified as a matter of course in order to prevent malnutrition. If there is some nutrient so unique and valuable in meat that most people wouldn't get it without eating meat, then that would be fortified too. 
If non GMO / vegan supplements had an overall negative effect on society, I would agree with you. However I do not think that is the case. if you can site an example or two, you've got my attention. The meat industry has a proven negative effect on society at large. Not only are factory farms responsible for huge amounts of harmful pollution, they are partially responsible for drug resistant bacteria popping up everywhere because of the irresponsible amount of antibiotics pumped into the animals they slaughter and sell to the public. I am advocsting for heavier taxes on all products that have a detrimental effect on society, yet also advocating our freedom to consume them if we so desire. Raising taxes on these products makes sense because it still allows them to be available but will encourage more moderate consumption. Look at how we tax tobacco.  
No I am sorry but it is a luxury because it is not essential to maintain life. Anything that is not essential is a luxury. I like to drink alcohol, but it is not essential. Should I have the right to consume it? Yes, but I believe I should actually be taxed more for it because it is not good for me or the planet as a whole.  
I think the negative utility of painlessly killing an elderly animal raised in comfort is negligible, but due to climate change the industry needs to be completely done away with regardless. 
Unfortunately the kind of reform required is so radical, given the status quo, that I doubt the current arrangement of human civilization would even attempt to accommodate it. 
existence is suffering. so i'd go with suffering less. 
We also do things which don't make any sense in the future - so I don't think that's the consideration. We do things that make sense today based on our pre-existing ideological framework (it is spring festival, I had better plant all my seeds; in the future my child will live in a technologically advanced society so I don't need to educate them on how to use a sword).  However, if society collapses or the Chinese overtake Japan it won't make sense to educate your children on how to program computers or learn to speak Japanese (sorry all those hours of Full Metal Alchemist went to waste).  Civilizations do things that make sense today, and don't really give a shit about the future (or we wouldn't have burned all the oil in 100 years and made our population graph look like a hockey stick).   
This is the best counter point to his argument, IMO. 
Looking for resolutions in philosophy is mistake number one. 
This point is spot on. I'm a vegetarian, but my main issue and the issue this article is trying to focus on is the insanity that is industrial farming.  
But, isn't that essence of the process? The whole point of evolution is to pass down favorable genes for the sole purpose of specie propagation. The desire to not be harmed can be expressed in many different mediums. Does it need to be consciously realized?  
The difference is we have the capacity to think about such an occurrence and respond to it. You can argue that animals respond to attempting to be killed but is it purely instinctual? 
Except there is such a thing as a lesser beings.  As a human, I have an invested interest in protecting other humans. I'm a human. They are a human. It's a match made in heaven.  I'm a human. That's a cow.  That cow is less important than I am, or someone else is.  And to me, it is monumentally less important.  
I think we already have that for several exotic meats, talking about shark, ostrich, crocodile, foie gras, even veal that are routinely sold for very high prices at high end restaurants.  The more taboo something is, the more someone will want it. 
was this like... a pet?  bad term, but I assume a large cattle ranch would have inefficiencies that you would not.  Ill also admit having no clue as to the wholesale value of a cow. 
It seems a little unrealistic to me to keep it that sterile while producing meat on an industrial scale if it's not considered practical in a lab setting but maybe it can be done, I certainly hope so. 
Like for people who won't eat animals but want burgers? That seems like a very small demographics. I'm not against lab grown meat, but it's a lot more practical to just reduce eating meat or use meat as more like an occasional treat. That's what I do. Black beans for the win! Black beans and rice, black bean mash, black bean burritos, black bean cocktail....   It's been great for me and saves me tons of money as well. Fiber is super important to a healthy diet and curbing hunger. It really doesn't get talked about enough, imo. Also, I like money. 
Actually we are no use to the world at all. Why should we even exist. Wouldn't it be better for the planet if we just all killed ourselves? 
Many would even affirm that we don't even need to take responsibility for the cruelties of other individuals. 
Sure, but while we wait for it...  Also I doubt "lab" will be the correct term. They will be factories. 
Glad I'm not the only one. 80 is a great age to die. Beyond that, everyone in my family goes blind, miserable, and stupid. If I had modern medicine, friends, an enjoyable job... Much of the world would love such an opportunity. 
Ironically, the main reason for deer overpopulation is the practice of raising animals for meat. Livestock herders killed off wolves and other predators that messed with their flocks, so now the deer population has no natural check. 
I didn't say you did, didn't mean to imply that. I actually agree 100% with everything you said. However, I, as a vegetarian, have consistently had my views looked down upon by people after "coming out" to them. It seems weird that a lot of people would agree with what you said because it makes logical sense, yet turn around and write off vegetarians as butthurt hippies.  I appreciate your views and the respect you say you have for vegetarianism. 
This is what a lot of "anti-meat" people don't get. They see factory/industrial farming and think that it's indicative of the ENTIRE meat industry and don't really account for people who are farmers/ranchers because their livelihood depends on it. People who farm/ranch in this manner typically have much more respect for the animals/crops that they raise because their living(day to day that is) is made off of it.  
Milk isn't a basic product. Humans don't need cow's milk. 
You don't need animal products to survive. You can thrive on a plant based diet. 
I don't think we can say that there is an essence, purpose, or point to evolution. It's just a thing that happens... Speaking generally, over a long period of time, evolution does tend to "assist" a species by revealing traits that are beneficial to the species as a whole, but we can't forget that evolution is just a result of random mutations, and if one of those random mutations happens to benefit the individual, the individual is more likely to pass on its genes than an individual without the mutation. Over time, this will allow the mutation to be exhibited throughout the species (assuming the individuals with the mutation aren't killed off by external means). We tend to forget about this process of natural selection when discussing evolution in broad contexts. So no, I don't think we can say that evolution has a purpose/point because it's simply something that happens in nature and can't be quantified or even observed unless viewed over many many generations. 
Every argument defending their consumption does, though. 
Yes, you can say that subjectively. But from an outside perspective it bears as much weight as saying you prefer coke over pepsi.  So while, to you, "lesser beings" exist, there is no objective standard that can back up that assertion.  
I agree with you. There doesn't need to be a "sacrifice". I don't think we all have to go on a faux meat diet, or vegetarian diet. Animals have always been killed for food. I mean they kill each other for food. The VERY LEAST we can do for animal rights is have regulations that provide our "food animals" a decent life. By a decent life I mean land to roam freely on. They should have an ample amount of space not in cages and be able to socialize.We don't have to TORTURE the animals we eat. Large farms literally torture them. There's no need for that. They deserve respect. Plain and simple. I still don't see what the debate is. Everyone deserves respect and dignity. 
Tough to get off the high horse when you present the pros and cons like that.  The environmental and cruelty concerns should easily outweigh such a base personal desire of how your food tastes.   
Comparing our behavior on an ethical level to that of wild animals is pretty specious ;) 
Exactly. The number of cows would slowly decrease and we wouldn't breed them as much. Ideally, people will eat lab grown meat or even just less meat (ex. special occasions).   I'm not saying we should let the farm animals die off, but if there are no farm animals to be exploited, there won't be any suffering farm animals...  
The value of a 600 pound calf at the time was around 1000 and unlike most ranches we gave our cattle corn and sweet-feed, expensive but it increased the quality of the meat 10 fold compared to just hay and grass fed cattle.   When we sold the meat (we did ranching more as a hobby and a way to have a reserve of food in case we got snowed in) it would sell for quite a bit more than a normal steak (think upwards of $7 per ounce, though if we wanted we could charge $10) 
It probably would be better for the planet if humans were gone. But there is also a middle ground in which we can survive and thrive and simultaneously lessen the impact we have.  
You're right, being eaten alive sounds a lot less pleasant than being beheaded. However, if you think the life of animals who are born, raised, and killed in factory farming conditions includes no suffering but the brief pain of being beheaded (which is not even how they are slaughtered) then you are sorely mistaken.  
Simply dying is vastly different from being killed a human.  When human action is involved, morality is involved.  When an animal kills another animal, that is not a moral issue.  The reason there is a difference in human and animal action is that humans have greater capacity to reason and can behave based on what that reason leads us to determine is ethical behavior. 
Rabbits, too.  They breed like, well, rabbits.  All of these animals are great at turning stuff we can't eat into stuff we can eat. 
Honestly my kids and I hardly eat any meat.  The occasional pepperoni pizza and maybe one package of bacon per month (*maybe* two).  And then on special occasions a burger or something.  When I do buy meat I try to get antibiotic free or organic or best yet, free range.  Personally, I try to be open minded about what other people choose to do with their lives.  As long as it's not directly effecting me, I couldn't care less.  Unfortunately, people in general are a bunch of judgey assholes that- for some reason- expect everybody else to live by their personal values.  I don't get it.  But what can ya do?  
That depends on how you rate the moral status of krill - they're basically insects, and a pound of wheat also requires spraying to kill huge numbers of insects too.   Also, in the case of any animals that eat other animals (whether their diet is insects or more advanced animals), you could argue that humans aren't morally responsible for the actions taken by the animal itself by feeding.  
But is it worse to not consume cell phones and still eat meat?  
And that's my point exactly.  You can sit in a city and bitch about slaughtering animals for meat.  I've had to put animals down because they were too sick or injured- and that would be horrendous to some of these Monday morning quarterbacks.  Once you're actual THERE, in person, dealing with this stuff....it's a totally different story.  You are there with nature.  Working with it, working *within* it.  Fuck factory farms.  But...for the ranchers and farmers that treat their animals well, I just don't see a problem with it.  It's like the old Native American thing- saying a prayer and thanking the animal for giving its life so that you may eat.  It's respectful.  We're no better than animals and we should respect them.  Plants too, really.  Any living thing. 
And eating meat that has been pumped with chemicals is probably not great either 
It's a basic product in the sense that it is a common commodity that most people in the West consume.  So much so that the US government basically assumes people will be getting their vitamin D from supplemented milk. 
It definitely can, and it does. You can even do it yourself. While meditating, you are still conscious and aware of consciousness, yet you are not thinking. Really experienced meditators stop thinking altogether for as long as they want. Thought is just a mechanism of consciousness. 
Because you can kill me if I don't elevate you to my level. 
Thats true but we have developed as omnivores with canine teeth used for meat. Are you arguing we evolve away from eating meat because it causes suffering? If its about suffering plants also feel pain. By logical progression we have now classified animals as above plants. 
The act, in and of itself, does not cause the dissonance. Social constructs produce the dissonance.  
Maybe there is morality in nature? Just because you don't think there is doesn't mean it isn't a possibility. 
okay  well since morality is all personal i guess that's settled then 
Exactly. Eating them isn't inherently wrong but we could be nicer about it 
i just like owning slaves, alright? they taste good. 
I'm not a regular commentator in /r/philosophy, so my reply is out of ignorance, not some attempt to be passive-aggressive - I just want to state that up front, so you don't think I'm replying with snark.  What evidence is considered acceptable to support a personal preference? I like what I like. If I showed you survey data or something would that further validate my opinion?    Or putting it another way, do you have evidence that my enjoyment of eating meat doesn't justify (to me - not to you or anyone else) my dietary habits? 
What about the eviromental impact of "vegan leather" and other plastics and non biodegradeable products that vegans flock to for vanity? If animal suffering is the reason you went vegan, you need to stop consuming palm oil, and a large number of other products that lead to deforestation, or enviromental destruction.   Petroleum products, rare earth minerals used in the production of microchips. You might as well just swear off all technology, and wear clothing made only of natural fibers. That is if yoyr morals are strong enough. 
That happened to me too the first couple weeks. My sister was a long-time vegetarian, now a vegan, and she said not to skip the carbs and keep track of my nutrition.  I wouldn't say it's difficult, it just requires more thought than I think most people are used to putting into their meals. I also feel like there's this idea that vegetarians must eat a lot of salad, and that's totally not the way to go. 
I agree, animals should be treated well, until they are slaughtered for food.  100 years ago farms did pretty good at this, but taxation and regulation forced farms to come up with ridiculous production means to stay profitable, so now we have basically meat factories. 
You can't measure morality.  Your 'morality' is just your opinion.  To me, it isn't immoral to catch, gut and eat a fish.  The universe designed itself so that fish carried the energy I need to survive, so I eat fish.  Sure, I could survive by eating a carrot, but I don't think I have different moral obligations to fish or carrots.  Sorry.   
I don't think relying on the differential moral status of animals is very strong ground when your broader argument is that we should kill more whales--if you're ranking animals based on moral status, whales are pretty much the top of the list. Your argument here really seems inconsistent. 
I suppose that depends on how much of each you consume. I buy one cell phone every few years, whereas many meat eaters do it multiple times a day. 
Because you've got the stats on the attitude of all farmers right? You're gonna have to do better than that.   Furthermore, what does the attitude of farmers even prove? That they depend on their business surviving for their own livelihood?   Gee, I wonder if the primate will act in its own self interest or in the interest of an abstract moral cause? /s 
If the tax is to have any effect at all, the point is to make it expensive so as to affect consumer behavior. 
What kind of argument is this? Humans can stand still for hours on end with focus, so therefore plants can walk? 
A young child couldn't. What does that say of their moral value? 
What? This makes no sense. The only relevant question is: can we live a healthy life without meat? The answer is unequivocally yes. We can overcome our baser instincts and choose not to kill. 
If you ever gave a shit about dogs being abused, then ordered a large number four, then uhhhhh ya. 
... Because morality is a socially/culturally derived human construct? Because anyone with an education in biology would know the the behaviour of  living things, from bacteria to plants to animals is governed by natural and sexual selection, which are hardly moralities.  
How do you reason that killing an animal is ever justified? You have the choice between eating plants, or cutting the throat of a cow. How do you reason that cutting a cows throat is the moral way?  Unless you are talking about road kill, I see no way of arguing for consumption of meat. 
Are you saying humans should satisfy every desire they have regardless of consequences?   
I'd even argue the opposite as far as future generations are concerned. Our modern industries and population growth are going to cause serious harm. People complain about what the baby boomers did all of the time, but just wait until we see the aftermath of our current generation. 
Citation?  I've seen neither Chinese or Mediterranean food to have proportionally less meat than the "American" version. 
No, taxation and regulation is not what caused this. It was better technology and demand. People wanted to pay for cheaper meat and the way to do that was to mass produce and the least costs possible.  That's akin to saying that Oil spills are caused because of so much regulation that they had to skimp on costs to meet the demands of the taxes.  
At least try to understand that there is no nutritional reason that you eat meat, and that it is due to taste preference alone that meat is eaten.  I think meat tastes gross, personally.  I don't buy moral relativism, personally, and think that morality is absolute, but that our reason and logic have not yet discovered all of the structure of morality -- just like how math exists whether we understand it or not. 
But it comes down to the individual environmental impact. The mining of oil and rare earth minerals, plastic production, and shipping by sea, compared to the environmental impact of a single humans meat consumption, taking into account the water, feed, and transportation.  
Calling things dumb doesn't set up a great conversation. 
But his parents or siblings or grandparents or community could kill me. It's not realistic to kill and eat humans because of the conflict it would create in society, the unrest it would provoke. 
All moral claims are equally false to the anti-realist (error theorist). There is nothing we can say to condemn slavery from a completely objective, desire-independent point of view. This may be unfortunate, but that is no argument that the view is not correct.  I wouldn't torture a bird because it would make me sad. Torturing a cucumber would not make me sad. That's simply how I'm built. Other organisms may be built differently. And that's all there is to say on the matter. 
No the question is not if we can but should we? We dont overcome yourlesser instinct by abstaining from meat. You are still killing a live being aka a plant. 
Very incorrect.  Animal abuse is different than consumption of animal products.   Try again, please.  
How could you not understand the point of the comparison....? 
Cheaper meat?  Can you demonstrate that steak has actually gotten cheaper, ever?  By my math, sirloin steak has went up over 2000 percent in the past 100 years.    Better technology offsets some of the taxation and regulation, but not enough to keep the prices from increasing exponentially.  And no, it's akin to saying gas prices have risen because of taxation and regulation, which is true.  There are other factors, but you can't deny that there are huge costs involved in raising taxes and increasing regulation. 
When I buy a steak, I pay taxes to the government on behalf of the butcher's income, the stock boys income, the grocery stores profit, the truck driver's income, the gas the truck consumes, the wheel tax on the truck, the farmers income, the farmers helpers income, the farms property tax... and in a similar chain of taxes I am paying the people who manufacture the truck that ships, the packaging the meat is sold in, hell even the lights in the grocery store.  Taxes are hard to measure, but at the end of the day your local, federal and state governments control half of the country's funds, and the businesses and private individuals all combined control the other half.  
I eat meat because my ancestors ate meat, and I enjoy it.  I see no reason to stop.  I do not cry for the fish that died so that I could eat it, because I know that fish get eaten by thousands of animals just like me.  There is no moral problem here, unless one is invented. 
I think there's definitely room for improvement in how we consume cell phones, just like how there is room for improvement in how we consume meat. Just because consuming cell phones is bad doesn't mean it's okay to consume meat, which is what I assume you are arguing. In most Western society, it is much easier and more practical to get by without eating meat than it is to not have a cellphone or a car, but I still think we can do better in terms of how cars and cellphones are consumed. 
We can define things and not know how they work... I specifically alluded to this in my comment. Anyways, consciousness is generally the state of being aware of yourself and the world. It's not transient like this guy is suggesting. You can be In different states of consciousness, sleeping or meditating do use examples from above, but you're still a conscious being.   
So a child has no intrinsic value, his value is based only what he means to those who are able to kill you? If the child had no parents, siblings, friends, or anyone who cared about him, it would not be wrong to kill him? 
When you buy chicken at the grocery store, you're funding the torture and murder of chickens. When you buy cucumbers, you're funding the farming of cucumbers.   Why invest in sadness? 
Plants do not have the necessary neurophysiology for conscious experience, they therefore do not fall under moral considerations (although they should be considered for environmental concerns). 
How do you think it gets to your plate? What do you think happens? Lol 
The terms omnivore and herbivore describe all animals, including humans. They refer to what an animal **can** eat.   Vegetarian, vegan, and meat-eater describe what humans **choose** to eat. So all vegetarians are omnivores, because they all can gain nutrition from plants and animal flesh. 
Because cows are not sentient. You'll have a tough time convincing me that killing animals for meat and products is not moral when I don't believe in objective morality. I believe in a morality governed by creatures who are able to participate in the discussion and creatures below the intellect of most apes, with some other animals of exceptional intelligence, are not given the same level of consideration by me. 
I don't think you really answered my question. How is this unique to the meat and dairy industries in a way that forced the development of factory farms?  
I'm not making a moral argument at all. I'm simply curious as to which has the larger environmental impact. Does a person abstaining from the use of technology have a lower impact than a person who doesn't consume meat? At the end of the day, unless a statistically significant number of people do either, neither has any real impact at all.   
Probably not, because we have a strong concept of respect for the dead in western culture, which mirrors our respect for human life generally.  If you were starving, though, I imagine it would be morally permissible. 
That's fair, but you're not "not" understanding the point of the comparison.  The argument of you not viewing it as something morally wrong is 100.0% a good argument though. 
So it's only immoral to kill babies because we have a "concept of respect for the dead in western culture"??? What the fuck????? 
I took discrete mathematics in school. It blew my mind for the first 3 weeks and then it became so fun and interesting. We would use it in class to analyze controversial statements. I've never used it since though :/ 
a valid argument is obviously not necessarily true, but a valid argument is a tool you can use to determine truth, if your argument is valid, and your premises are true your conclusion will necessarily be true aswell, and invalid argument can't be used to determine if anything is true or not 
My thoughts exactly, I don't get why would anyone do this. 
Geometry no. But we did have basics of discrete math in high school. 
Nope, I watched the entire thing and I'm still none the wiser. It would be interesting to see a video that explains how this works fully though, I'm sure I could start to understand it fairly quickly.  My main issue was that she glossed over why so many of them "don't matter, they are true" when there was an F in the column she was referencing. But then that's not what this video is for so that's fair enough. 
I'm sure it's hard for you to imagine HAVING friends 
It's about understanding how to use a truth table, not about the logistics of drinking coffee, I don't get what your problem is. 
You can't charge tens of thousands of dollars or take out student loans for a degree on common sense so no.  
You can set up truth tables for multiple propositions at once, and then test for validity by looking for counterexamples. So truth tables can in fact be used to determine whether an argument is valid. 
The whole lot seems to lack a direct application.  Ie. there are very few real world problems which cannot be solved without this math.  Sure it's very useful as the basis of a bunch more obscure proofs in mathematics and computer science, but unlike many other fields, having a basic knowledge in the field doesn't give much utility. 
Discrete Math was an AP course at my high school. If you haven't made any headway that might be a good place to start  
Discrete mathematics is a broad term and includes graph theory, set theory, number theory, etc. More specifically you want to look into mathematical logic.  
Honestly, having majored in both CS and Philosophy, the math department taught formal logic in a much more rigorous and complete way.  
Even if you're drawing hundreds of lines of Ts and Fs? I'll take tableaux nine times out of ten. 
Or, emotions cannot be disregarded when considering the logic, reason, and truths of the human experience. Otherwise, it's reductionist.  Literally reducing an essential aspect of human experience to nothing. And ironically, I'm making purely logical statements here.  
Saying validity is a tool that can be used to determine truth is a stretch. The validity of an argument does not tell you about the truth (soundness) of a conclusion *unless* you have some other means of determining first that every premise is true.  Outside of that specific circumstance - where something else is enabling you to determine truth - validity cannot be used to determine truth. That an argument is invalid, for example, does not tell us anything about the truth of its premises or conclusion. 
No.   validity has nothing to do with the truth of claims or propositions.  Soundness is the measure of truth of all premises.  Truth tables brute force all possible truth values of a symbolized argument, to determine validity, not soundness. 
My "Problem" is as i stated.   1. It all looks like a waste of time  2. You wouldn't need to do this if you could comprehend word problems (Since in the given example it was laid out quite nicely)  3. It's just a way of over complicating things and i don't see why anyone would need to do this. (unless you work IT or with computer software logic gates and the like) 
1. Truth tables may be used for testing validity of arguments in sentential (as opposed to quantificational) logic.  2. 1 above is true even for multi-valued logics.  3. Amending what you say, you can set up truth tables for an argument with multiple propositions at once.  You don't need to look for counterexamples - the truth tables can do the work - and to CatHairandDonuts point - it can get unwieldy - but it works.  4. Fortunately, we have rules for deduction we can use in a patterned manner instead. 
I'm not sure that I agree. While it is unlikely that one will ever end up directly applying the knowledge gained from basic studying in this field (in that few people consciously break arguments down into logical statements and evaluate them), knowledge is not only valuable when it is directly applied.  If studying logic causes one to subconsciously evaluate things more logically, whether overtly recognized or not, then it has substantial and long-lasting benefits. 
Well, to be honest the critical thinking and logic it taught me is something I use every day. But have a made a truth-table since? Hell no. 
I'm in the south in a very poor district. This school system is so far behind.   I teach at a military rating school called JCAC, but try to help in the community where I can.   We teach logic, discrete structures, malware, Exploitation, the works. 
I have huge mixed feelings about calculus vs. discrete math as the top of the high school mathematics food chain. Calculus is essentially one big elaboration of a very small number of interconnected fundamental concepts, and I think having a small, tight core like that is important when trying to help students transition to thinking about mathematics at a collegiate level.      You can look at discrete mathematics like that too, depending on how you organize it, but in my opinion this requires mathematical maturity on the part of the student of the very sort that one is attempting to bootstrap. 
It is taught by every analytic philosophy department that I'm aware of. Valid logic is crucial for making sound arguments. Aristotle, Kant, Russell, and countless others wrote on the importance of logic in philosophy 
But the statement is that pigs fly because they have wings.   Wings do not solely enable flight. 
Most people would know that some winged creatures (avians) are not capable of flight. Ostriches, chickens, turkeys, etc. 
I like to make an analogy to American football.  They do squats and bench presses, etc to train; but they don't then walk out onto the field and start doing squats and bench presses to score points. 
If you have time and don't care about funding, maybe try setting up an after-school course for interested students.  Might possibly be able to get it in as extracurricular studies? 
Discrete math also is heavy in proof and certain types of probability calculations (at least it was for me).  Discrete Math, Logic, and Computer Engineering were the three that I took which were heavy on this type of logic (either analysis or design).  Logic was the only one that stayed with breaking down arguments the whole time.  But for the record, I did like discrete math the best.   
No. This is not what philosophy is about. Analytic style of philosophy sucks balls, which is probably the reason why they start with this. Anyway I wish mods would delete stuff like this, it really detracts from the quality of the subrredit. 
It doesn't matter.   Arguments are deductive/valid based on structure not content.   All men are mortal. Socrates is a man.  Socrates is mortal.  Valid and sound.   All men are cats. Socrates is a man. Socrates is a cat. Valid (same exact structure as the first) but not sound (the first premise is false).  Think of validity as "assuming all the premises are true, does the conclusion have to follow?" Soundness is looking at the actual truth of the premises. 
 That first ear is tough, once you get past that you only have one ear to go.  
Of course, but I'm just on the advisory council to help shape the curriculum to be more applicable to "cyber" careers in the future.  
Been a while since my Discrete math course but that sounds about right.  I do remember my teacher loving to quote "Alice in Wonderland" 
In your opinion, why is "this is not what philosophy is about"? How can "sucks balls" (in the figurative sense) be used as a positively motivating reason for anything? In what way do you believe that "stuff like this ... detracts from the quality of the subreddit"? And please, your reasons should be explicit, not vulgar.   There are many ways to do philosophy. Do you believe it "sucks balls" because it is not an effective method for you, or for anyone? Given your tone, I think it's possible that you started with the former and have somehow concluded the latter. Are you sincerely advocating for r/philosophy mods to censor any of the tools used and taught by professional philosophers? I doubt it, but how do I appeal to your common sense here ... do you have any suggestions about how I might do that? 
I think the point is that you need another premisse: "If x has wings, then x can fly." 
That's awesome, I was suggesting if you have the time and energy to offer an after school program for interested students.  It might not be much but it sounds like it's more than what a lot of them have. 
Love that book, but I barely got a C in my Logic course in college :-/ Did the teacher quote examples from the book, or just quoted it for the hell of it? 
Both actually.  She used it as prime examples when going over the logic of true if/then statements.  A C is still passing which means you paid enough attention to learn something from it :)  Sometimes its just a bad time for you and other times its the teacher not making the subject interesting enough to capture the mind. 
Write a diary, and write things down instead of just thinking about them. Read then aloud too. As a philosophy student, you never realise just how retarded your argument was until you write it down and say it allowed. Try writing it down too.  When analysing other people's arguments for things in day to day life, try and think not just "what are they saying" but also "why are they saying this". Often beliefs on abortion and such have underlying reasons, which when dissected reveal a rather subjective or superfluous bottom linereason for their belief.  
Yes there is an errounous assumption that Machiavelli advocated dictatorship but as I understand it he was for a republic. 
His conclusion doesn't really answer the question he asks either, "what makes a good ruler? ... Pay attention to your politicians!" 
I'd rather the candidates know nothing of Machiavelli or The Prince. Not only is the book outdated and therefore inapplicable, but it shows a very unethical way of ruling (which is in itself unethical). The idea that humanity needs a leader is not a good one, and it is only used to justifiy the injustices that a ruler would do. 
Well, yes and no. Machiavelli described various forms of government and how one, as a ruler, can implement them to maximum effectiveness.   So his advice was based on empirical evidence of successful rulers, so it can be argued that it properly defines how to run a country.   The controversy lies with the idea, supported by some, that to rule effectively does not mean ruling benevolently.   For a quick example, Machiavelli details how there was a ruler that came into power and immediately set upon purging every single person that could even remotely challenge his power. This would be regarded by many as a huge dick move, but the guy then had a lot of freedom from then on and managed to make his city prosperous and peaceful. An ideal dictatorship of sorts.  
You are not necessarily wrong, even though you're being downvoted. There is a long tradition of viewing Machiavelli's The Prince as ironic. Recent scholarship doesn't go that direction any more though, so I'd suggest to look up some recent sources and see whether you still think that to be the case. 
Don't fall into the trap of mistaking revisionist history as legitimate history. 500 years of scholars have taken that book seriously, Machiavelli wrote dozens of works from plays to novels to history, many a historian has spent their careers studying him; none of them thought this was a satire.   People like to say He liked republics and thusly couldn't to be a proponent of dictatorship. But the philosophical view of republics was different then than it is today. Today we think of republics as a form of democracy. before circa 1800 republics were thought of as being a combination of an oligarchy, a democracy and a dictatorship. Machiavelli believed that democracy was just as evil as the dictatorship, as did many thinkers in ancient Rome and Greece upon whom our model of the republic is based. 
I agree. I should probably send a short email to the creator about this- the flickering is tolerable for me, but it gets distracting in some occasions.  
His dream was that Lorenzo would use his advice to unite Italy. If we are to follow his logic, the form of government to attain this goal matters little, as long as the ruler can achieve it.  Republics in the Renaissance were also not democratic at all, the Medici family had held Florence as a republic for a while before they turned it into a duchy. 
Yes it does :D , I should have tacked on at the end of my comment that the end of the video makes mention of this, and yes, enormous. haha 
When I say "was written for", I intended, that he "dedicated" the prince "To the magnificent Lorenzo Di Piero De' Medici".  My apologies for my choice of words, and the misunderstanding.  
Sure he did. He said it was entirely subjective so instead he was going to talk about what Machiavelli had to say on the subject. "The Prince" is entirely about how to be a good leader, or rather, how to maintain control, survive, and achieve personal glory in a pragmatic and realistic manner. This guidebook was how to be a "good" leader. 
That's the shallowest most simplistic interpretation, worse than even Trump could give.  No, books in philosophy, and particularly in political philosophy, do not become outdated. He's absolutely NOT describing an "unethical" way of ruling, you seem to be missing his focus on the welfare of the people.   It's funny how ignorant people disregard HIS OTHER BOOK, which you clearly haven't read, which praises the Republic and Republican Freedom. But, hey, let's talk about stuff we have no idea about yay! 
Do you have a source for Obama saying that? I really doubt any smart politician would openly admit to studying Machiavelli  
Sure I'll take a look definitely. But, honestly it's hard to know what is the truth and what the author meant, since it was written so long ago, reinterpreted countless times, etc. etc. Though it is interesting to stay aware of all interpretations I guess. 
Can you cite any of the "many thinkers" in Rome and Greece that believed democracy was just as evil as dictatorship? 
That could all be just a face he presents to the public. Though I think Trump's leadership style leans *very heavily* on advisors, since he is clearly out of his depth on some matters, like foreign policy.  
I was under the assumption that he wrote it in a mocking manner.  As if people in power thought this way regarding the end justifying the means.   Do anything within your power to consolidate and expand your power.   He certainly wasn't part of the powerful class and wouldn't have advocated such a position.  
Being respected (even if that respect is earned through fear) is hardly exclusive of being a tyrant.  I believe respect is synonymous with approval in this regard. 
Sorry, I was a bit confused because when reading "Lorenzo de Medici" I assumed you meant the Magnifico (the guy who loved corporate social responsibility) and not Lorenzo *di Piero* de Medici :) 
Machiavelli had the Borgia on his mind, he hoped for him to succeed and made the book (out of a letter exchange) for Cesare Borgia. Unfortunately for Machiavelli, Cesare Borgia died too soon.  Well, now what? He had a good gift. Why not use it to regain the favor of the Medici? That's why he dedicated the book to Lorenzo Piero de Medici soon after Giuliano di Lorenzo de Medici (the guy who tortured and sent Machiavelli to basically an exile) died. 
Well maybe you and I define answering a question differently, but if you say that the only way to answer how to be a good leader is by sloppily quoting Machiavelli I'd disagree. 
Free audiobook: Dude sounds like Kermit the Frog with a fake english accent.    Checks out. 
It's interesting that in Frederick the Great's Anti-Machiavel one of his major points is that many of Machiavelli's points no longer apply in the 18th century, that political realities have changed. "All these things produced a so general and so universal a change, that they make the majority of Machiavel's maxims inapplicable to our modern policy. It is what this chapter shows. I will now bring some examples of them." 
He is speaking of political ideals in Feudalism. I believe that a lot if his ideology is no longer applicable to the modern world. 
Real Democracy = no leaders. You can have a role model and what not but a LEADER means you are being told what to do and/or how to live. Sorry, but mankind is better off without leaders. 
Fortunately for us consequential ethicists, we're used to be operating on whatever restraints the world places on us and are quite content with doing the best we can, constrained by pragmatism and the like. There's no such thing as a compromise between ethical and pragmatic, since the most pragmatic means are the most ethical *if* one is seeking a positive end.  Life aint so easy for Kantians. 
I guess that is true, there's no harm in knowing. I should have said that they shouldn't follow his ideals. 
I thought it was not copyright was why. There are translations that are copyright of his.  
Awesome! Feels good to achieve that, thank you for reading. 
I too would like a source for Obama saying that, that would be very interesting news...  
cheers mate, any read of the Prince is worth it. It's probably one of the most awesome books ever 
Plato and Aristotle surely did. Democracy was generally viewed as a the rule of the plebs - a rule that defines itself through a general state of insecurity, because it is based on self-interest rather than the common welfare.  Thats why Plato argued for the rule of "philosopher kings" and Aristotle for an hybrid form of Oligarchy and Democracy.  For Rome: You have Polybios who defines the Ochlocracy  as the coerciely following step to Democracy and thus creates an hybrid form of monarchich, aristocratic and democratic elements in an attempt to break the circuit of constitutions. 
It's not just a persona. Look at everything Trump has said his entire life and the tremendous respect he's gained from everyone. His entire life he's been consistent in showing a deep concern for the American people and has a record of being unselfish despite what the media wants you to believe. 
I cannot reasonably see *The Prince* as a work of satire, given it was a piece produced by Machiavelli to win the favour of Lorenzo II. Machiavelli really, really loved his home city of Florence, and just could not stand being exiled from it, so he quickly penned the piece to prove his usefulness to Lorenzo, so that he could be recalled. Given this, it would not make sense for *The Prince* a work of satire, unless Machiavelli thought Lorenzo was incredibly dumb. The piece might be at times disingenuous or a work of some sycophancy to the Medici family, but it is probably not satire.  
hahaha Machiavelli is pretty cool in Brotherhood that's for sure 
The objective of uniting Italy is laid out explicitly in the final chapter of *The Prince* (titled "An exhortation to liberate Italy from the barbarians").  
Haha, no problem, I should have written my comment better,  Lorenzo the Magnificent was a work of art though (Really though, that stern look in his bust is something).  
He wrote the book 7 (SEVEN) years after Cesare's death, as it's stated in his letter to the Vettori, his friend and an ambassador in Rome. What he hoped for was to gain the favour of the Medici, so that he could be back in Firenze's politics   And these aren't speculations, pure facts he himself tells us about in the aforementioned letter 
If you don't know who he is he has ~half a mil subs on his anti-feminism channel 
I think very little in the book is despicable - it's a treatise of social realpolitik. If you are completely oblivious to that mode of thinking, you might be eaten.  
The Prince does not focus on draconian aspects of feudalism. It lays out Machiavelli's thoughts about how one might successfully gain and hold power. Further, how to govern well and some advice on military tactics.  These lessons are still applicable today. The nature of power has not changed. 
a real democracy can't excist... not with a big population and complexity there is in the modern day, so it's irrelevant to talk about real democracy in the modern day, the representative democracy is here for that reason. I think the real democracy can still work in a smaller population group, like maybe up to 100 people at a time? but we are not living in stone age anymore. 
I mean I don't think it should be controversial, but it definitely would cause a hubbub if the president admired to studying Machiavelli 
I never said I thought he didn't read it, but it would be bad publicity for him to openly call it one of his favorite books 
Specifically for Greece, and correct me if I'm wrong, but in Aristotle's Politics, does he not write that the democracy is the greatest common good of common good? And therefore the best form of government?   IIRC, on page 158 of Politics, Aristotle talks about how a community is a natural institution- made up of individuals who band together for the communal interest of self-welfare. A democracy, he writes, is a community of communities- a government. The highest form of selflessness and goodwill. In fact, I believe Aristotle and Plato didn't even discuss the rule of a dictator, but rather a totalitarian, or authoritarian. Given the context of the authoritarian, Aristotle and Plato both rank democracy far above an authoritarian government.   Please feel free to correct me, I'm not a philosophy student.  
In that case, he seems like a genuine man who feels for the American people, but is not concerned with details. He will rely on the advisors to make up for his lack of thorough political knowledge and disinterest in details.  
This is what I was taught, I don't believe Machiavelli would have bothered to write a manual otherwise. 
Machiavelli writes at one point that the prince, the ruler, should maintain some sort of positive public image. Even though he should be ready to do bad things, he should avoid being vilified. That is why a prince needs a good minister/advisor to do the dirty work while the prince can remain unscathed.  Of course Niccolo had himself in mind for the job. When he sent his treaties it was as a gift, but he also offered his own services to get back in a position of power. 
Maybe he exemplified specific moves by those actors. Basically dissecting those particular power grabs, not sanctifying the actors themselves.  I haven't read the book, just a few pages, so it's just an idea for how to interpret anything using examples, that then turn out to be failures. 
It's written in Italian because he wanted to produce it as fast as possible, and have it digestible very quickly. The book was an attempt to win favour in the new Medici court after Machiavelli had been exiled, and he wanted to be recalled from his exile as soon as he could. 
Yes, I think it's a given that any book directed at a potential patron, by definition, cannot be honestly expressing exactly what you think. If it were, the dedication would be an afterthought (slapped on an already finished work). My point is the Discourses lacks that political caveat, regardless of how we interpret its content. I don't see any contradiction with that and what Machiavelli said about his books. If anything, he clearly advertises this distinction in bold letters front and back. 
Ah, thank you, rereading it now, I may have to rewrite my question... (A down-vote for thanking someone? dafuq) 
You are kinda pedantic. Of course he hoped to gain the favor of the Medici again. But it's an undebatable fact that he has Cesare Borgia in his mind as a kind of "model". 
Oh, I'm aware there are sociopaths and that these are the instruments of their trade. I even know how to play the game when absolutely necessary. It just seems a bit disgusting to me to train in it.  It's a little like the difference between training in how to fight for self defense and training in how to execute nothing but deceptive, crippling and, lethal blows. I would prefer to win honorably. 
Yes, the philosophy is applicable because its philosophy. The ideals remain the same throughout time. But in The Prince he makes soo many specific examples to past lords and rulers and kingdoms that its hard to apply it to our time. As for his ideals, I know that they stay true with time, however, because the circumstances are vastly different, it would be unwise to apply them to our time. 
Yes, you said it yourself, decentralized democracy! This is ideal. However, this is also the first era of history in which we can establish a direct democracy throughout a nation of any size. How hard can it be to set up online polls instead of a Congress (which struggles to work if it ever works at all)? And voting booth distributed everywhefe for people without internet. It would be easier and better for the people.  Unless you make the argument "ohh but the people are inherently stupid". This idea is inherent to the system it exists in, representative democracy. 
I can see how you come to this conclusion that he isn't concerned with details but he's actually written a very detailed book of his policy visions for America in Crippled America. The truth is, talking specific strategy for policy when campaigning doesn't translate into votes and isn't strategical. I'd encourage you to go to his website to read more about his plans, but yes I would agree he lacks some political knowledge but to me that trade off is worth it considering he is the best chance in cleaning up corruption in Washington. 
I vaguely recall something along the lines of, a ruler should maintain a positive public image.  Even though he should be ready to do bad things, he should avoid being vilified. Not as you stated though, and the word choice is very important.  I could be wrong, and he may have stated that, please point me to the chapter in the prince where it is written.  as for Niccolo offering his own service, I recall something of the sorts being written some place (not in the prince though). Please, if you can, provide a source that shows evidence of Niccolo wanting to get himself back in power (that's not heresay) (because honestly, it could make sense)  (still waiting on that Obama quote source btw, I need it, I want it, it sounds "juicy")  (Edit, nvm, Agent_X10 gave some clarification) 
This, pragmatic and cunning, and definitely not satirical. 
  I see "explicitly" as an exaggeration, (The title itself of the chapter urges action for unification (liberation from barbarians), though it never says in any form "my dream is that you will do this", instead he throw quite a few compliments to (Lorenzo and his house (family)) speaking of his ability to do it and urging him to take his advice.     If I only took chapter 26 as is, then I may come to the conclusion that "His dream" was that Lorenzo would use his advice to unite Italy. It appears as more of an appeal to win favor if I take only the book into consideration, but taking his life and the entire book into consideration, it seems a tad bit tongue in cheek.  
That has nothing to do with the fact that it was written **for** him. I wrote what you just repeated in the first message sent 
Not to be that guy, but as I recall, (I read the book almost 5 years ago) he said that it is best to be both loved and feared, but if you had to choose one, you should choose to be feared. 
Sorry but you just keep spouting basic notions of Individualist Anarchism that are, at the least, outdated in the sense you're adscribing to Machiavelli. Indeed, Machiavelli is more current and relevant than Individualist Anarchists in many senses, and even left-oriented, Anarchy-loving theorists have moved on from the pretention that leaders are unncessary to recognizing that *sovereingty* is not the same as *leadership*, and that the phenomena of sovereingty should be better understood (which we don't) before just outright concluding that we can do without it (when, in fact, we have not been able to do without it).  People like Giorgio Agamben, Walter Benjamin and Carl Schmitt are very concerned about this issue, two of them coming from a very anarchist-ish place (not Schmitt, he was a Nazi). 
Also I didn't downvote you, and they are not downvoting you based on opinion, they are downvoting you because you're displaying incredible amounts of certainty for your obvious lack of contact with the field.  Also, by saying "objectively immoral political philosophy" when you apparently have no idea how to use none of those 4 words. 
They're tools. Nothing more, nothing less. You can use them for good or evil.  
*Most* people *are* actually hopelessly stupid. You know this.   Do you really trust your neighbor, your boss, or even your cousin to vote for what's *best* for the nation? 
I'm an anarcho-communist and I want a direct democracy. You keep using flawed logic like saying that I'm "spouting" opinions in order to try to get what, persuasion? I'm trying to treat this like a debate but you're just insulting me. I hope no one else is stupid enough to fall for the poor way you argue... 
How would you string them together? How I said it was perfectly correct. And thanks for not downvoting, my comment on that was directed to everyone. 
The problem begins when you begin to view *other people* in this way. 
This is the one argument that is truly impossible to disprove until we try a direct democracy.  However, I believe that such political ignorance is inherent only to the system, and not the the people in it. 
hey, glad I could help :)  I studied at a University (in Germany tho), just handed in my master-thesis :)  
There are many maxims used by people in power.   Some use the Art of War.   Some use How to Win Friends and Influence People.   Some use the Bible.   Some use Pink Floyd lyrics.   Some use what their parents taught them.     Can you show me one maxim in Machiavelli that isn't obvious,  but is demonstrably more effective than other, perhaps contradictory lessons?  
Note how you focused on the fact that I said "spouting" and literally nothing else. I use the word because, in my opinion, you're spouting in the literal dictionary definition of spouting:  "express (one's views or ideas) in a lengthy, declamatory, and unreflecting way."  I'm not trying to convince you, frankly, I'm trying to prevent others from taking up your twisting views in regards to Machiavelli and, additionally, in taking up any form of anarchism without serious reflection of it's problems, and I say that as a former Anarchist that doesn't identify as an Anarchist anymore (or as anything at all) precisely because Anarchism carries over all of the problems of modern mentalities and those deep, contradictory issues have not been sorted out, not by far.  Carl Schmitt in "The Concept of the Political" deals with these issues. You should check it out, it's a short read. 
"Objective" doesn't mean what you think it means: it doesn't mean "without bias" nor does it mean "in reality", it is not a synonim of "actually" or "really". It means "related to the nature of the object qua object". You're using "objectively" as a synonym of "really". The word is not doing any work in the phrase that you said it in. I think you were looking for a word more like "inherently".  Also "morality" is not the object of political philosophy. 
I don't think anyone here is under the illusion they could persuade you of anything you've already decided is wrong. They're merely trying to prevent your obstinacy from spreading.  
You stated it your self that decentralized democracy would be ideal, so thats a pretty good indicator on your view about the subject? Anything else is a contradiction. 
Oh that's awesome, lol now I love the username even more 
I think thats a loaded question.  Personally I use all three and try to live my life like Jesus would (the man, not the son of "God").  I find this accumulates power and fortifies it.    I cannot say any one wisdom is better or more clear beyond all others.   I will say I employ his techniques often, and use his writings to recognize when people are using these things against my goals.  
And you have successfully done justice to a lot of other interested learners, but lack the instrument to prevent this guy from spreading more non-sense - myself included.   Thank you.  
No, I am simply trying to prevent the eventual argument that I always have with people on reddit "ohh but Morality is subjective to your own view". And Morality has everything to do with politics. 
I dont expect everyone to follow my ideology. Not many do. 
So you believe that any form of decentralized democracy is completely impossible? Because that's what you've narrowed it down to so far. 
haha thank you :D sometimes its important to take a strong stand :) 
As long as no one starts telling me I'm wrong for loving Thug Notes, I can continue on surviving. 
I was expecting further reading. Instead I got the episode told back to me without the jokes.  
I turned it off to just watch the show instead. Regardless of the quality and depth of the video, the show itself has taken me down some paths deeper than the show itself goes. In particular the episode with the Council of Ricks, and how vehemently Rick argues that a core quality of being a Rick is that Ricks should be anarchists.   After watching that episode I began to wonder, with an infinite number of slight variations of myself, is there one inherent quality that would remain universal?  Rick assumed that it was his anarchism, but it strikes me that he miscalled himself and it was actually his questioning nature. So, what value do I misvalue in myself, that if changed, would not fundamentally alter my existence?  
Easy views. People are desperate for rick and morty content.  
For real.  This was, bar none, the absolute worst episode of the show.  Worst.  Unfunny, ridiculous, meaningless BS.  It felt like a leftover script for an unmade episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and it probably was. 
I found that to be the best part, that all of that cult following occurred in a matter of hours.  
Nice ad hoc hominem hoc cogito culina fallacy there. 
I thought what morty meant by "come watch tv," was    just to accept your reality no point in fighting it because it gets you nowhere. 
We understand over-simplification. That's why we study philosophy. 
This is what happens whenever a video from a channel I am subscribed to ends up on Reddit. I wouldn't have the confidence if I were the Nerdwriter after on of his last videos ended up on the front page.  
That's honestly a pretty shallow episode of Rick and Morty, there's several better episodes that posit more interesting philosophical points, but it is a decent lesson in basic logical fallacies. 
Really? What I got from this video is that the thought processes related to religion are not exclusive to them. Anyone can fall into the same fallacies to justify their beliefs.  
Not everything has to be about Trump. There are so many other places to get your fix 
That's totally not the point of the comment above yours. This video may be irritatingly indulgent over rudimentary bs, but I think most fans of the show still find it a good episode. A tip: Just because something, anything, is uninteresting to you does not make that thing meaningless. 
It's a lot of exposure.  Like, Stargate SG1 went for hundreds of episodes without changing the world by letting people know about aliens and the stargate... for  no good reason.  Other than it makes the world less relatable to the audience.  But by S02's cliffhanger, the world kinda jumped way ahead and accepted Galactic Federation rule.  Prior to that, the Giant Head thing was the only case where the world was aware an alien situation was a thing. 
It's always the same Rick and Morty. The family may change, but it's been the same Rick and Morty since episode 1.  
Yeah the Ice-T story was just random and silly.  I didn't "get" that part at all.  I just try to forget that part. 
"My doctor said I have cancer"  "Lol nice appeal to authority. Take a logic class."   
OK, what is something you would consider deep within pop culture? 
Wrong, you're disagreeing for the sole reason of being a contrarian.   The satire of the final statement, "come watch TV" is obviously lost on you.   
I don't get why people are complaining that much. Sure it's one of the worst ones. But every show has its worst ones. 
Same happened to me before a while ago but with a music theory video. I expressed how disappointed I was that the channel couldn't be trusted and suddenly there were people defending its claims.   I guess it's just fun to criticise things like this negatively, makes you feel superior to it.  
Which wisecrack video covers the actual Rick and morty episode? 
Perfectly logical scientific theories can be built upon foundations of illogical subconcious presuppositions.  That's why science without philosophy is so potentially dangerous.  
..... You might say he experiences... Confirmation Bias  Sorry 
But then you'd have to learn something about camus. So who's the real loser? 
A tip for you: my opinion is just as valid as yours, and I'm every bit as entitled to it as you are.  Don't condescend to people, friend. It just makes you look like a patronizing asshole. 
I think it'd be helpful to consider the vast difference in purpose and message between the two shows you're comparing here. 
Eternal Sunshine, at least on an emotional level. Most of Charlie Kaufman's work, actually.  
The show isn't even nihilist. Rick says you can measure evil but then treats it like an inert property. A common theme us him realizing deep down he's a bad person and that this actually matters. 
Lmao I like Rick and Morty it's a funny show. I don't think it's as good as a lot of people here would have you believe but it's definitely a solid TV show. I don't see what that has to do with disagreeing that the quote isn't great as a serious piece of philosophy. 
How can you presume what my reasoning is? That's extremely arrogant of you. And you're being extremely confrontational by the way. I've seen your other angry posts in this thread. Did anyone ruin your sand castle?   I may as well tell you that you're elevating the 'philosophy' of a popular show for the sole reason that you're a fan of it. Every time some popcultural item lands on this subreddit, we get a wave of people like you. Your everyday rhetoric doesn't work here.   I and probably a huge chunk of people in this sub are huge fans of the show and would be glad to talk about it in a civil manner. If you think this place in unwelcoming for people like you, it's maybe because you're taking every bit of criticism personally.  
He's not completely uncaring about the world and what happens to it even in other episodes. Even in the episode where he left one dimension and went to another, dooming it in the process, he at least tried to save it first. He's done this in many other episodes also. Yes, he has been to a lot of planets and dimensions and isn't sure where any value or meaning in life is anymore, but saying it's out of character for him to try to save the world is just wrong. 
Holy fuck. You need to get your head out of your ass. "I feel like there's people who love R&M for the right reasons" ROFL.  
How is it shitty and outdated? I'm curious what makes it shitty, and if it's outdated, what superseded it? 
As if I wanted to life in a world where I wouldn't be able learn about Camus  
I'm sorry that you mistook my comment for condescension, but it wasn't. I was pointing out the difference between opinion and objective fact. To call something meaningless which is not is objectively wrong, and to word it as though the person you're responding to was making the same point when they weren't is rude and rather manipulative. 
Well the ratio of shows where everyone KNOWS about aliens (or ghosts or super-powers) vs ones where only the main cast knows is pretty low.    
Well I wasn't commenting on you disagreeing with the quote. I was commenting on you saying it's a show for pseudo intellectuals.   And not as good as people would have you believe..?  I think you mean to say you don't like it as much as other people. Because just because you don't love the show doesn't mean people who love the show are wrong lmao 
For what it's worth, I don't take the TV line as escapism. To me it's more about acceptance of your situation and making peace with it. Note that Monty is asking Summer to sit with them to watch TV. The universe is cold and uncaring, but we can find worth and purpose among our loved ones.  
It's absurd to want to learn about Camus.   Just imagine yourself happy not learning about Camus.  
What makes you think it followed a different timeline? Honestly asking, trying to figure out if I missed something. 
I dunno. I love surrealism. We need another show like aqua teen. 
If you mean the term "scientism" you might prefer the term "scientific expansionism".  I would agree that the term is less inherently confusing since you would naturally tend to want to call a practitioner of "scientism" a "scientist" which would naturally be conflated with a simple practitioner of the scientific method but "scientific expansionist" would not cause the same confusion. 
It all has to do with the ticket given to Rick when he drops Jerry off. When Rick fills out the form you can see that he puts his name in as Rick C-137, aka our Rick. When the person behind the counter hands him the ticket, you can pause the show and clearly make out what the number is. This is the same number that at the end of the episode, a different Rick asks what is supposed to be our Rick if he has that number.   The idea is at some point in the episode we started following a different Rick and Morty. It's hardly "proven" like the guy above claims, but it is a great explanation for why Mr. Poopybutthole is real and not a parasite in the episode that follows, despite us having never seen him.   People have taken it even further to say that krombopulis Michaels is still alive in the universe we are watching and may be the one to break Rick out of jail.   There's lots of crazy theories out there for this show.  
The existentialist posturing came from the claim at the start of this thread that the joke (that has nihilistic roots at bare minimum) was somehow "deep" 
I was on mobile. I meant to write scientism. I mean that scientism is a stupid thing for people to be, but the fact that the comic attacks the scientific method itself rather than the more pressing issue if people who are into scientism thinking science is the *only* way to get information is eyebrow raising. Also telling someone to "look up" the fact that a certain pejorative exists is a bizarre thing to say. 
Its trying to answer two questions, one of which there is probably no reason to even ask, and the other which it answers incorrectly. The first question being about some vague thing your life is inherently ordered towards, (doesn't matter. Defaults don't mean anything, read about morality or value instead) and the second being about radical freedom to make any choice. (Heavily disregards social context so much that it leads to misleading conclusions about agency). 
I think it's pretty obvious that the daycare episode and the Poopy Butthole episode feature different R&M. They even emphasize that Rick throws glowing green rocks on the trash in Total Ricall he collected in the daycare episode.   Let's also not forget Mr Poopy Butthole is watching R&M at the end of the final episode, suggesting he is watching another universe.  
Allright you seem like someone who actally understands what he is talking about so how is existentialism outdated? Has anyone proved that life has meaning and we are here for a reason? Or is that just accepted as true in the philosophy community its just that some other aspects of existentialism are shitty and outdated? 
That last part, you forget they've done two episodes with multiverse television.  
Also, the air we breathe, and everything else that we interact with. It's just as essential as the lung. 
Consciousness is universal and sufficiently complex systems, such as our brains, act as 'lightning rods' for this consciousness to act through. Thanks for listening to my one-sentence crackpot theory. 
Could you expand on the idea of minds only existing? Its an interesting thought 
Acknowledgeing your biology doesnt cheapen your existence! Humans are amazing enough with out having to apply made up stuff to make us seem better  
Yup. This article was basically "did you know you have a brain and it does stuff? Also fuck religion, just learn to appreciate your life here cause there's no heaven and you're as stupid as an earth-centrist if you disagree".   There is a very important need for neuroscience to understand things, but this attitude is just so pointless. First of all, consciousness is not explainable by functional neuroscience. Philosophy of mind leads us to conclude that qualia is something that needs to be scientifically explained.   Qualia is just the specific awareness of experience. Everything else is functional. Isolating that qualia aspect will maintain all neuroscience while also understanding 100% of the picture, instead of being a snobby anti-theist close minded know it all.   
Right...so you're a dualist?  What do you mean "the consciousness interprets data"?  Are you suggesting that consciousness is not physical but somehow causal?  If so, you have your work cut out for you.    If you see a ball flying at your head, you duck.  If we cut out the part of your brain that processes visual info, you get hit by the ball.  Your theory works there. If we leave the visual system intact but cut out other pieces of the brain bit by bit in every combination possible, we will eventually hit the part of your brain that "interprets" the visual scene - you'll see the ball coming but you'll get hit by it because you have no meaningful interpretation of what's happening.  Given that - there's no room for "interpretation" happening outside the brain.  If we can take all your inputs and predict all your outputs, there is no room for something "outside" your brain to do the interpretation. 
personally, i've seen so many objections to this and it is completely surprising to me. I'm in the habit of just thinking everyone understands that science has shown that it is not only plausible, but *likely* that consciousness is nothing but an emergent property of a completely materialistic brain.  
I'd think the answer is the same as to "when I open a website, do I interact with a computer program or with a bunch of chips and wires?": Yes and yes - on different levels of abstraction. 
because it leads here to believe that things like "beliefs" do not exist. it's definitely counterintuitive to say the least 
I've never understood how people like Dennet can say that the hard problem of consciousness doesn't exist, could you potentially elaborate on how that's possible?  
The way you phrased awareness interfacing with the brain implies that awareness is something that could exist independent of the brain. Like perhaps your awareness could float off after your brain dies and maybe interface itself with someone else's brain. Or perhaps float off to some place like Heaven or Hell.   I think the brain produces a lot of patterns, one of which is an awareness of your self. But when the brain dies, all the patterns are gone also. 
If you Change the perspective and realize the word "multi-tasking" is a lie and achieving it is almost impossible.   The subconscious (or brain) can be called the pilot and the mind (or consciousness)  is the passenger. When we learn a new behavior, the passenger becomes the pilot, but it CANNOT be distracted while It does something over and over until it teaches the subconscious how to do it when the subconscious resumes as the pilot, which I would venture to guess it's in pilot mode 85% of the time.   You ever notice all the procedures of a pilot in movies? It  is them constantly staying in the present state with all the checking engine 1 and flaps and external temperatures and air pressure and course readings, etc....If they are distracted out of this present state, the plane goes down. Period.   We cannot learn new behavior unless we keep our mind occupied with these present state procedures.  Aka mindfulness.  
We shall disagree on how we define 'stretch' in that context.  
What you're asking about is just about the entirety of Kant's work.   I know this doesn't answer your question, but Kant is comparable to Einstein in respect to what he accomplished, intellectually, for philosophy. Picking up a guide to Kant's ideas would be worth the money and answer your questions.     
If you program a car to stop at stop signs. Does it get to choose to stop? Does that mean it has free will?  Free will is, "the ability to choose between different possible courses of action". I don't think **we** get to choose. Our genetics and environment does, which is deterministic. 
But if you accept that meaning is purely subjective, that humans create meaning as a normal part of life, then it's perfectly acceptable to say that gardening is no more meaningful than worship. If she sees the idea of objective meaning to existence as ridiculous, then the meaning she finds in digging with a spade is perfectly adequate. 
im not saying something outside the brain is doing the interpretation. you bend the antena on the tv the signal is still there but the picture is messed up. i think consciousness is a fundamental part of the universe. its not outside it, it is it. the physical universe is a manifestation of consciousness the same way that a dream is a manifestation of your consciousness. just at different levels.   and dont mistake this for me telling you how it is. this is how I think it is.  
in your opinion you need a brain to have consciousness? I believe plants have some level of conciousness for example.  
It says beliefs are products of culture+evolution+brain chemistry. I fail to see how it doesn't reconcile with other philosophy. 
Howsa'bout this?  We are a bunch of atoms that got together and created a mind that became curious what atoms are so the mind built a GIANT partical accelerator and smashed atoms together to see if it could figure out what atoms are.  Like WTF are these atoms DOING?  They are insane. 
Consciousness is like the economy. You can't point at the economy because it's a group of functions, an emergent property.  That's my favorite straightforward analogy. Comes from the neuroscientist who did The Brain on PBS a year or two ago. 
I don't think you understand that the brain is all you. Your desires and cravings would entirely be in the brain. Whilst other things may develop after the fact, it is still you. 
He essentially thinks that once we learn more about how the brain works we will understand the exact nature of consciousness, so it won't be a problem in the sense that Chalmers meant when he coined the term. 
The capacity for subjective experience most likely is favored, but I think most people are interested in the mechanism which allows subjective experience to occur. 
Yeah, maybe you're the software that got downloaded into the hardware that is the brain when you were born, and it constantly uploads backups to a different unit when you sleep, so that if you die you get installed in a different hardware or something. 
Certainly. And this begs the question: "What" is your post "made of?" To me its very obvious that your post is more than black pixels. Its the thought *behind* the post, the *information,* the thing *not made of pixels.*  
 That's the argument behind the last thursday theory or whatever that is called. Basically you have no way to prove your memories are true and everything you know wasn't put into place yesterday. 
I think it is more that this unique ability to live inside our own minds distorts our perceptions of reality too much.  Thoughts are incredibly powerful, and the belief systems we have built into ourselves are also incredibly powerful.  It is one reason I was always very interested in Buddhism and the philosophy around not-thinking.  Your thoughts lay your internal reality over the external reality, and we give more weight to our internal one.  Philosophy is such a crazy thing...  I love it! 
I see - so you're more of an idealist? What then, is "the table" when 5 conscious beings are standing in a room touching a table?  Is the table consciousness?  If so, how does this help us learn about the nature of reality in comparison to physics and neuroscience?  In a dream, for example, there is no mind-independent table, so the analogy seems to break there.  Please don't take my questioning as an assertion in the opposite direction - I am genuinely curious. 
No. You can be very self-unaware and perform reactions.  Cells perform thousands of reactions in minutes, none of them are conscious reactions. 
So maybe awareness is being picked up like a radio signal, but I find that a less convincing hypothesis.  
eliminative materialists believe that "beliefs" are a part of folk psychology and have no place in mature neuroscience. they believe "beliefs" do not really exist. Insofar as "belief" is a central notion in epistemology it is quite radical. and incoherent I might add. 
And those guys are working really hard to keep us together. True bro love and respect  
The nervous system stretches all throughout the body, though, and keeps the brain in contact with the rest of the body. Where do you draw the line between the part of the nervous system that is me and the part that is not me? Are the nerve endings that indicate I'm currently touching my keyboard less "me" than the somatosensory cortex they're connected to? 
That is, of course, assuming that it's some more complicated form of circuit based logic. Ironically, it's probably beyond our ability as humans to understand, but a computer could probably figure it out, given the high precision observation tools we don't have. 
I don't see a reason why it can't. In my opinion, we are just brains. Our senses take in information and the brain processes it. That's all there really is. I'd like for someone to show me how it's not, though. I'm not trying to be pedantic, I'd really like to be shaken out of this viewpoint. It's depressing.  We can design a computer to use sensors (senses) that take in information and process it. For brains, how that information is processed is what we determine to be reality (inner movie, as someone else mentioned).  I see no problems with difficulty in creating a computer that processes the information from sensors in a way a human brain can (other than scale). Though, there's a lot about the brain we still don't understand. But from what I do understand about our brains, is that it's just processing information and reacting by creating feedback to itself (chemical responses, electric pulses etc). 
It's the use of the frontal lobe to simulate metaphysical things. Evolution doesn't favor better or even good things only thing that allow propergation.  Advanced simulation of reality is good for survival what it does on the side is just a thing 
Well, that could explain transsexuals. female software in a male hardware body. 
Or you can imagine that you're experiencing pure awareness. 
Most of our memories are inaccurate, or blatantly wrong anyways. 
ohh and just to clarify i dont believe that the universe is created from the ground up by a divine being like how we created tables. i think that a set of rules is set and then over time based on these rules the universe assembles. so theres no conflict between what weve figured out with science.  
i guess plants and brainsless animals such as medusas have some level of conciousness, maybe is not the conciousness you mean, to me its a form. Sunflowers move to face the sun pretty fast, they sense it and they move. Thats a level if awareness, Ours is more complex I know. what im saying may not make sense or yes :) 
What is so radical about that? Has anything really come from epistemology that is solid enough to fall outside of the realm of folk psych? 
But the electrons and protons etc aren't really working at all. They're just doing what they do, letting it all happen, hanging loose, and look what's happening! 
This is a tough idea to continually keep together because what if our perception truly does affect how the universe responds and changes?  Oddly the Grateful Dead addressed this in a song in the 1970s called "Eyes of the World." 
One of the best attempts at an answer is the Pulitzer Prize-winning book, "Godel, Escher, and Bach". It's the author's attempt at explaining how what we think of as "consciousness" arises naturally from complex groups of neurons.  
Yeah, this is simply a poor explanation of the hard problem of consciousness. This is closer to a soft problem of consciousness. Moves the goal posts significantly. It's simply wrong in that it assumes the hard problem goes away with adequate explanation. This is akin to saying, "with more syntax, we'll eventually derive semantics." The hard problem is that science lacks a capacity to discuss qualia, and we cannot figure out a framework that is even capable of discussing both science and qualia. No matter how much science you have, this problem doesn't go away. 
Couldn't the experiences be the function of the brain? Its a constantly changing system that then has a feedback loop that also changes the system (introspection). 
Show me the crankshaft that drives on a cross country road trip. Show me the axle that wins the Indy 500.     Except what you're talking about is even smaller than that. I'd say 'show me the specific screw or bolt', but even that is too big comparatively. You're saying something like 'show me which of these atoms in the tire is responsible for the car being able to drive'. 
The other side states "because I have evidence that they are" . 
Yeah. Once I started learning about AIs, and then for the class I literally wrote a neural network that learned facial recognition even though I didn't actually understand how it was doing it, that was the point where I fully realized and accepted that brains are almost definitely just really complicated computers. Honestly that makes consciousness more amazing to me though, the fact that we have emotions and thoughts and consciousness, because of information processing.  
Saying where it is and what it does still doesn't tell you the mechanism involved. Until we can replicate it artificially in the lab to some extent, subjective experience will continue to be an open problem.  
I just don't see how the details of how tasks are divided up between the conscious and subconscious sheds any light on the hard problem of consciousness / the brain-mind dichotomy. 
I dont think it's necessarily anything inherent in eliminativism that makes it "radical," more that a lot of philosophers (in my estimation) are more impressed by functionalism. At least, when I was more interested in philosophy of mind that seemed to be the case. 
"i regard matter as derivative from consciousness" -max planck 
The Universe, without consciousness, is a field of dead stars spinning, groaning planets twitching and shrugging with volcanism, and black holes rippling towards a final end. Without consciousness, the Universe is exactly what it is, minus a few particularly complicated chemical reactions sloshing around on the surface of one planet - maybe more. It's marvelous, and we're very small. I guess that's how I feel, anyway. 
That could all be calculated without producing an immersive simulation then inserting a being (us) that inhabits the simulation 
Yep maybe it was chalmers? Who wrote the piece about the psychologist who understood everything about colors, but lived in a black and white room and never understood the slightest experience of color 
Because in order for us to survive, we need to make decisions and take actions based on feelings like pain and pleasure. A planet does not make decisions or take actions. 
I think a lot about how we won't be missed if at this very moment the earth was destroyed by an asteroid or any other cataclysmic event.  Not only won't we be missed but I think about how meaningless the last seconds of any of our lives really would be.  So the world ends and right beforehand I was sitting in front of a computer pretending to be busy at a job I don't like.  Useless.  Meaningless.  
How sure of your assertion that planets do not make decisions are you? A planet could be viewed as a large set of numerous smaller systems. 
Plants can grow in the direction of sunlight though, even without being aware of it the same way we are aware of pain. 
If a cell is just a bunch of chemicals that hit a exponential growth curve in complexity and chemical evolution, I bet the same thing can happen in like an interstellar gas cloud or some unknown strange environment somewhere out there in the universe, but in a way that we wouldn't recognize as life.    Kind of like the conscious 'fart' from Rick and Morty. I bet something like that is possible. 
I try to have these kind of conversations with my friends / family, but they are quick to answer blandly and discard the subject...  Are things better on your end? 
To add some more weight to your point there, I believe you meant "recursively enumerable" 
The way I think of it is that, I don't think it's necessarily the consciousness and awareness that has been naturally selected, rather, it is the traits of a brain that produce consciousness as a side effect that are. If that makes sense? A professor I'm a fan of called Jordan Peterson makes a good point about an aquatic animal, that in it's infancy swims around, but as it reaches adulthood attaches to a rock much like a coral; when it does this it proceeds to digest its own brain - it would seem that a brain is an organ required for movement, and if you think about it, in movement there's an implicit knowledge of something that is you and something that isn't you. When I pick something up off the table I am not surprised that the table doesn't move, because I know well enough that the table is not under my control. I think it's this awareness of a boundary to what is under your control that is the base ingredient for our awareness. 
Shit, I was afraid I had that backwards. Thanks lol 
Well, it's not quite that specific. Recursive enumerability is a property of formal systems which are capable of self-description. It describes languages that have valid sentences and non-valid sentences that can be distinguished from one another using a certain grammar or algorithm. I realize that probably doesn't clear anything up but this stuff is nearly impossible to explain in simple terms.  
First time I've ever seen a "Thunk" and looking forward to more.  edit--holy shit there's already 113 more. 
I subscribed to this channel after seeing an older Thunk post. I highly recommend going back and watching all his previous videos, especially the one about cognitive biases. If you go all the way back, don't mind the hats, I think the host was going through a phase. Loved all the puns though.  
That's not what the principle claims. It only implies that we are *in a position to know*, not that we *actually do know.* 
Could you elaborate on how your skepticism led into the understanding of faith and mysticism? Genuinely interested 
Unfortunately, almost every actor pushing forward a proposition has at least one thing to gain: attention. Not a very useful heuristic by itself in practice.   Looking at how much incentive they have can be one factor in your estimation, but I'd strongly disagree with "not much more to it".  
If you think it is OK I have a bridge you would totally love to buy!   
Isn't it always-already an emotional question? When we *feel* satisfied with our vetting of concepts? When we *desire* more proof for any given claim?   Whether it being the neurological explanation or psychosocial  (or critical cultural lens), emotions influence our decision making and epistemological systems regardless of the drive for objectivity. The objective/subjective distinction (as the basis for skepticism, e.g. Descartes or Hume) has always been an artifical one, often for ideological or (more generously) theoretical reasons.  
I don't think that assumption helps at all:  In mathematics, given a known fact, every possible derivation is obvious (and here I mean applying ON single derivation rule to a known fact). But then, by induction, the closure of the axioms contains ALL true theorems (this is in fact the definition of a true theorem!). And this holds by taking obvious steps, one by one.  Here is a simpler example:  Given a chess board set-up (a known position) every possible move from that position is obvious to any good player. In other words, he KNOWS all positions reachable from the starting one, in one single step. The closure of that knowledge is ALL possible reachable positions in n moves (for any n). Since every game is finite, that is equivalent to knowing how to play chess perfectly.   The problem here is very simple: The closure of "obvious" steps contains very complex results.  
I don't think that's necessarily true. We make matter of fact statements all the time, like "it's sunny out," or "the sky is blue". There aren't incentives involved in these statements. I'll grant that the degree of the incentive certainly matters and I oversimplified on that ground. 
Thank you, I feel the same. And it's not that I'm not educated (masters degree in engineering). I just think that there are so many variables, it's just too difficult to be 100% sure one way or another.      
When someone says something, it is a fact that they said it, but there's no reason to accept what they say as factual unless evidence aligns with it.  Honestly, it has been a while since I read Descartes, but it was a really strong takeaway at the time.  I've still got a copy, I'll give it another go. 
You could have beliefs, the problem is getting emotionally invested in them. Sometimes really smart people, who are known for their ideas, tend view those ideas as extensions of themselves so when they are attacked, they too feel under siege.  
Yeah one of the biggest things that made me question it was the taxes they plan on putting in place. Some people may disagree but I've always been one to question and heavily research anything that has a tax associated with it. Why the need for a tax, who's the money going to, who has connections to companies receiving the subsidies, who/what benefits and who doesn't. This tax seems more of a way to get subsidies into select people's companies. I'm all for clean energy but I just don't like the way they're going about creating this change.  
I'm not convinced that's something that affects only smart people, or that it's something you can purposely control. Nor am I convinced that having people not be attached to ideas wouldn't have some seriously bad side effects, like living lives devoid of meaning, or not taking social obligations seriously, or some such. 
I think he is dealing with the fact that to believe anything you have to make some basic assumptions about existence and the way you encounter the physical world.   I think in this context it would be said that all people have "faith" but they fail to realize the impact it plays in their lives.  
You make this sound like your skepticism about climate change has to do with your skepticism about taxes. The taxes do not enter into why the science is correct, unless you think the data is manufactured to justify taxes which would be on the conspiratorial without evidence end of things. 
Well the taxes are based on humans being the leading cause of climate change. I'm skeptical about that, and the fact they want to start taxing for this reason makes me feel uneasy.  
Hence why I called it a critique of Buddhism and noted their diametrically opposed more often than not. Or am I missing something?  
You can't even know the first thing about it. A few examples:  1) how do you know what a rocket is 2) how do you know your memory of the event is correct 3) how do you know there is any physical substrate to build anything out of at all  and on and on. It's so extensive it almost doesnt even make sense to try to invent specific examples. It's just basally faulty.  
*Buddhism comes to a lot of the same conclusions psychoanalysis does* (thanks to Jung's fascination with eastern religions) but either from different directions (if we think of politics/culture as a spectrum or  even quadrant) or starts from the same initial phenomena and concludes the opposite way.    Hmm...Maybe I misread the first part of the quote section...If so, my apologies.   
That's really a tall order for me as.i am totally unschooled in psychoanalytic theories. 
I don't truly know the answers to any of those questions.   I could very well be living in a computer simulation and my rocket could actually be bits of computer code.  However, I do know that the rocket operates on the laws of physics which are internally consistent in the context of the observable universe. In other words, I might not know whether I'm in a simulation but I do know that said simulation operates according to internally consistent rules if indeed I'm actually living in a simulation. 
I fundamentally disagree with this article. I know a lot of people from college who grew up middle class in china. None of them felt any type of general unease at government control. We, as westerners, have rights ingrained in our society to the point where we know rights abuses when we see them. I don't think that this comes from human nature. I think it's culture internalizing legislation. Anti discrimination laws will become unnecessary at some point not because we are unbiased by nature but because western culture has used legislation to change the culture. 
Capitalism. It made it ok for people to take advantage of other people for their own benefit. Other's ignorance shouldn't be exploited, unless they've consented. Bc Violence. In that case, we must then decide if they are competent enough to make a logical decision. If they are not, what then?When will the violence and control stop? 
But morals are a societal construct as well, so that doesn't really change matters. 
I was just thinking this. Ancaps for example derive ,dare I say, all rights from bodily autonomy. 
From an evolutionary perspective, we have evolved behaviours to function within a dominance hierarchy. This social hierarchy is perhaps the most important cornerstone of the world we inhabit. Laws are the codification of these evolved social behaviours. Human rights are the codification of some of the most fundamental social behaviours when applied to the world population as one people.  
Sorry, are you actually claiming that human rights are inherent in nature? Because unless you posit the existence of a higher power, I don't understand how you've arrived at that assumption. 
One example might be how we view women's rights in Saudi Arabia. Legally, they don't have many, but there is a general perception in the West that that is a problem. That's a case where the idea of rights transcends what is legally true. 
The law, as such, was invented to protect the interests of a limited caste of people. You could say the law evolved to protect human rights, though. 
What "proper" rights do you consider to have been objectively derived? 
I am afraid there is UN declaration of Human Rights. And that is enforced. 
is that good, though? if jay walking were punishable by execution, nobody would jay walk. but it would be a hideous law. and in the abstract that's what all laws are designed to do 
Are you talking about the U.S.? Because the majority of citizens support it. The public support of it combined with key victories in various states is what led the supreme Court to hear the case in the first place.  Now go look at a country that does not have a majority of their citizens support gay marriage: chances are it isn't legal there.   That alone disproves the idea of human rights existing independently of concepts and values of society. If they truly we're independent and existed regardless, then gay marriage would be legal everywhere. 
I fucking loved Agamben's *Homo Sacer* and am now skeptical of any human rights discourse. 
Morality should and is considered when making judgements about what is and is not legal. Come on, don't be a little kid. Where do you think laws come from? 
They have been pretty consistently discussed in most media since their respective living influences. 
I agree that culture ultimately determines rights, but I'm curious as well if law can shape culture to the extent that norms themselves might change. 
Very true, which is why I look at it as a whole. We as a species have agreed on a few things, and it's those things that I think we can think of as rights.  
There are lots of things we currently consider rights which weren't always considered such. Let's go back to free speech for a moment. Certainly throughout history, you'll find lots of instances where free speech isn't a right, and indeed, the idea that we ought to be able to say whatever we like is a fairly new idea. To say that free speech is inherent to being a human, then, essentially says that something inherent is either newly introduced (which seems contradictory),  or only has power when it's recognised (which raises the question of whether it actually exists if it's not recognised). If we accept that inherent rights change, then why couldn't we have the right to a free pony? If we accept that rights are inherent regardless, why does it necessarily matter that the Constitution protects the right to free speech, but not the right to a pony? 
It's not a question of transcending culture.  It's a question of how both developed.  The article seems to take the idea that 'human rights' are part of the culture even when they're not part of the law, therefore humans innately *believe* in human rights as part of human nature.  In reality, the culture is shaped by Natural Rights being at the fundamental core of our governance for over 200 years.  That culture has been exported around the world.  Doing due diligence and going back further (since the idea of human does go much further back than America's founding) you find that the culture and the law often leap-frog each other in regards to which respects and values human rights.  Often in that process the law came first, if for no other reason than that those who would benefit most from that concept were often not in any position of political power or influence. 
I'm quite a fan of Rawls, but i mostly see his work as arguing our way back to the philosophy of the founders after new technology, economics, time, and governmental creep stated to adulterate it eith new curcumstance.  For instance, Rawls argued for,  among other things, economic liberty.   But the idea of a government regulating economics to the degree it was in the 20th centery - to the degree Rawls argued against... didnt really even exist at the time of the country's founding.   I don't mean to disparage any great political philosophers since the finding of the US.  But the last,  fundamental,  positive political idea in history was that of a representative government with explicit, limited power governing over a free people.   The work since then had more or less been clairification and elaboration of that principle being applied to new social,  economic,  technological,  and geopolitical circumstances.  
Consensual relationships. Thats capitalism.  Anything else  is not. And any other system lacks consensual relationships 
Ancaps are not anarchists. All they care about is money and how to make more of it. 
 You have natural given rights at birth. The right to eat, live, drink, and be without violence. Granted, it may be perceived otherwise simply b/c of the overreach of greedy, lustful men to control you, but the bottom line is.... nobody tells the fawn that it cant drink from the river. Nobody tells the bird that there is a no-fly zone. Nobody tells the elephant he goes to jail if he eats something. Nature, by nature (no pun intended) has inherent rights by simply existing, and we are no different than the natural that created us.  
Isn't that because for the Western context the situation in SA is not, in fact, legally true (by which I mean it would not be legal to deny those rights Saudi deny women over here)? Our perspective that it's a problem correlates with our laws. 
The law restricts the right to violence. Law is universally appealing (even thieves want the booty shared fairly.)  It allows voluntary relationships to flourish and markets to form and thrive.  Law and contracts existed prior to the first city-states.   Of course, if an elite group has the *social authority* to redefine law it tends to get defined to benefit some over others.  Decentralization might be an approach forward.  
if any person legally losing a right means it's not a right, then there are no rights. (which I think is true, partially for this reason). there is no right so sacrosanct that the govt won't take it from you in the right circumstances 
Actually polls show a 60-40 split in most cases against it.  The Supreme decided to hear it after several states outlawed it....by popular vote..see NE, VA, MS...and dictated to those states that their cultural norms were wrong and they were forced to abide.  Thus the values of those states and the society's that reside there were deemed irrelavant, thus culture has nothing to do with it.  Money ultimatly made the decision.  A vote in the 50 states today would result in no queer marriage.   
I haven't read the book, can you give a specific example of what would make you skeptical and why?   
Laws come from what is seen as helping society function. What keeps a society functioning is not always moral, and vice versa. 
That's exactly what I think it is. I think the causation the article claims is backwards. I think human nature evolves because of societal progress.the concepts that the Greeks developed about consciousness, thought and the physical world are an integral part of how we think now but at the time these were advanced, abstract theories being taught by the equivalent of proffesors. 
In my construction, education is not a right - it's really just an idea that has proven to be positive over time.  What is a right, is having the ability to learn. No one can take that away from you without violence.  So the question of how best to educate people in order to have a society that doesn't stagnate or collapse is one of policy.   If anything, mandatory schooling is a rights violation.  The same thing is true of healthcare. You do have the right to live insofar as you can manage to obtain food, water, and other necessities. You do not have the right to force someone else to care for you.   There are laws in the US, however, that dictate if you show up at a medical facility and need life saving treatment that the medical staff must provide that treatment. Like the schooling case, that is a policy decision and not a matter of rights. It's just been found that society as a whole seems to work a bit better when people have that assurance.  
Not true at all. Voluntaryism is the practice of consensual relations. 
Nature has no inherent rights, all examples you cited are merely privileges. The fawn has no innate "right" to drink, the bird has no innate "right" to fly and the elephant has no innate "right" to eat. There is, for instance, no higher being or power there to enforce that the fawn manages to safely reach the river and drink from it unmolested from predators. Perhaps their only innate right is that they may attempt these things, but even then this is no "natural" right: it is granted by their "will" alone, to act upon their desires and overcome any adversity that exists between them and their desired goal.  As said by some wise dude above me, "We have no rights but those we grant ourselves". 
I'm not sure what your point is. Just because I have rights doesn't mean that everybody respects them. 
Many of the rights women are now legally entitled to in the West, used to be against the law. The same can be said of all pretty much all rights prior to The Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen.   Where did the dissenus come from that forced the changes in law to guarantee our rights? Our sense of right is not determined solely by the legal system that we live under.   There is a general consensus that exists regarding the treatment someone is entitled to by virtue of being human. We can appeal to this general notion, that is inscribed in law to varying degrees, to struggle against those who violate those standards of treatment. That is how I understand the concept of Human Rights.  
Do yourself and us a favour and read up on what law actually is, how it came to be, and whom it actually granted rights early in its history. 
That would be the difference between right and law. If we take what you said at face value no government would be capable of breaking human rights if they just stated it's not a right anymore. It does not work like that. 
As a Derrida fan, I'd ask you to consider how separate those two categories are? 
Morality can be seen as morality of the individual or morality of the group. The law can only be related to the group, there is no need for law on an individual level. Justice seems to be just a moral judgement on the outcome. The law can be seen as a codification of the morality of the group. Even when there are disagreements on whether a law is correct this holds, because the morality of the group cannot be simply taken as the collection of individual moralities. It is almost certain that in a large enough group no consistent group morality can be defined. Even the moment of moral judgement can affect the outcome of that judgement.  
What is societal progress but human development? How can the Ancient Greeks have progressed without some of their number organically growing beyond their peers, and then passing on said knowledge in the form of teachings and laws? It was not laws which manifested those discoveries and innovations, it was human ingenuity; law is always a product of people - whether that is a whole population or a small group or an individual is another story. Of course, discoveries are layered - we all stand on the backs of giants - so in this way past laws have shaped present culture, but progress always comes when people step beyond what has been handed down in order to discover something more. This is where culture outstrips law and allows for creativity and innovation. Dogmatic, untested law (our ancestors did it, ergo so should we) stifles the same. That isn't to say our ancestors didn't get it right, just that the vintage of law is no guarantee of efficacy.  
Should 'measurably good' policy be subject to similar protections of rights? By measurably good I mean that there is significant empirical evidence that demonstrates that the policy impacts society in a positive manner relative to not having the policy.  
I didn't say rob (implying use of force or violence to take property).  It said Theft (taking property that does not belong to me, but no violence involved) 
Fair enough, but what do you see as being in that set of universal desires? 
That's not what is stated at all. Religion is mentioned, but certainly not related to religion at all.  
I think it is more accurate to say that you only have rights if everyone respects them or you can defend them.  Consider the right to life.  If someone decides to kill you, where is your precious right?  So long as they are able to do so, and can get away with it, your assumed right disappears.  Rights are a social fallacy.  We believe we are entitled to certain privilege, and so long as our institutions, enemies, and neighbors play along it seems true.  However, once your supposed rights are ignored "poof" up in smoke they go.    In America the 2nd Amendment guarantees us the right to keep and bear arms, but that right is relative to which state you live in.  So, that being the case, how real is your right?  It isn't real, it is a societal contract, one that can disappear in a heartbeat.  Nonsense on stilts. 
No no, just being a smartass. But I have seen companies I've been close to use market power and political leverage to shut out competition with anticompetitive laws. I'd rather almost no laws and let the chips fall where they may. Big corporations love regulations, only they can afford them.  
You are quite right, but I suspect one influences the other and vice versa. The rights many Western women women enjoy are certainly a matter of some sort of consensus, but that consensus is probably strengthened because of law in the many individuals that wouldn't have given adhering to it much thought if it weren't legally expected of them. And I'm not assuming ill will here, just a difficulty with empathising with people different to those individuals.   
Leave a few toddlers in a room and you can watch it be invented anew.  
it absolutely works like that. name me an absolute right, that can't be abridged or withheld in certain circumstances, or that hasn't drastically changed over time. rights ARE laws, chosen, defined, agreed to, and put into practice by people. if folks wanted to, the bill of rights or UN rights conventions could be tossed aside just like any other law (except with a few more steps).  to be clear -- i'm talking about how rights function in practice, not how i ideally might want them to or how they are generally discussed as. and when the gulf is as (imo) large as it is here, i think it's harmful for rights to remain the only framework for codifying how societies should treat people. 
That's actually very much the point of Agamben's work, Derrida is a big influence on him. 
You make an asumption that law is meant to serve justice.  I would argue that all law serves order and structure. Law gives the illusion of certainty in an uncertain world. Whether that order is delivered in a notion of justice for all or the imposition of dictatorial will, the relationship between law and morality is not as simple as x results in y.  Morals can certainly drive law, but that doesnt mean that societal expectations and morality are not also driven by the framework in which they develop. A child is not born with a moral compass, it is crafted through interaction within an existing system. In this way, morals can be derived from the law also. 
I again, think you're looking at it backwards. Every issue we've faced, civil rights, suffrage, slavery of others, started as an idea put forth by a small minority. These people had to OVERCOME society/culture and come up with a new idea that was better. These new ideas all started as legislation. Initially these ideas were crazy and abstract to the majority of people. They then hit a critical public acceptance level. Next this idea becomes a law. Now the portion of people who disagree with this new idea is being told they are in the wrong. That their parents, communities, pastor and Culture are leading them away from the direction society is going. Then you get to a point where only a small minority thinks this legislation is wrong and they are considered extreme. At this point what started as an abstract idea has been adopted by society/culture. 
No. Nothing is so good that all alternatives should be forever precluded.  
Ah, I see. That would depend on whether you recognize property rights as human rights or not. This is not as clear as some other examples.   Personally I do recognize property rights.   If one toddler takes a toy from another, did toddler a violate toddler b's rights? I would say yes since the concept of mine and yours are basic to the human condition. Toddler b cries partly because they toy is gone and partly because it feels unfair in a very basic sense.   Even though there are cultures that reject the notion of ownership like socialist communes and the like, the amount of mental effort that goes into those situations is an indicator that something beyond the default is going on.  
Lol are you serious? It comes from the days when people thought the big man in the sky had created everything and the universe ran according to the ticking of his cosmic clock. You take away the Deity and the idea of natural rights no longer has any solid foundation. 
Yes and if that big G in government means you have some particular government in mind than with really high probability I was not part of that at all. 
You are taking an emotional issue with a topic of rights. Human rights are not about emotions as a rule because they absolutely shouldn't be. And not because anyone has a soft spot for people who commit atrocities, rather to distance ourselves from them, among other reasons. Once we start discerning what other conditions one has to fulfil besides being a human being to deserve human rights, they cease to be human rights and begin to be the right human rights. 
Then there is the lovely term/definition enemy combatant? 
As an undergrad it's heartening to see I'm understanding my coursework! 
Well, how separate are any two things we consider binary?  
Ah, I think this is a semantic issue then. I am using culture to refer to the people who make up a society and who produce it's cultural products, whether they be ideas, items etc. Law, as I refer to it, is the crystallised society in the form of the state or social norms, i.e. unwritten law. Only people, i.e. the producers and embodiment of culture can create anything whatsoever, while law is simply the tool used to engineer conformity throughout a given population. Innovation, as we both have said, always comes from a minority, and organically through their transgression of law or what is generally accepted as true and good. Only post-hoc does law impose a new value set upon a population in order to generate homogeneity of action and opinion on whatever matter has been brought up. In other words, I think we agree! 
I was unaware the point of philosophy was to change someone's mind. That's a really narrow way of looking at it. 
I'm hardly suggesting that protection of a 'measurably good' policy protects it from all alternatives. There is no reason you cannot replace a good policy with a better policy if you can demonstrate that the 2nd policy is indeed better than the original.   Once we reach a conclusion such as people need the right to receive sufficient education in order to participate in society, then from that point we cannot suggest that people do not have a right to receive an education. We cannot take away a persons right to an education from that point onward *unless* we can demonstrate that the original argument in support of education was flawed.  Note, that I am not suggesting that mandatory schooling is the correct form of receiving an education, just that people should have access to the information they need in order to educate themselves in whatever manner they choose. 
But you said a right is that which "cannot be taken from you without actual harm" i.e. someone has to forcibly take them from you.   Not something that when violated "feels unfair in a very basic sense"  i.e. something we have a strong intuition about.   Would seem your initial definition of human rights would preclude property rights.  So you'd either have to give up on property, or take a second look at your definition. 
The bird has the natural right to fly, the cheetah the right to run, the Buffalo to graze freely. These are natural rights. The Spaghetti monster your so adamant to attack, does not. What are you on about?  
My only statement  is that at a certain point, you've done enough evil to void your "basic human rights" 
I wasn't really considering tyranny and freedom binary. I was mainly speaking in light of how most people categorize freedom and tyranny are night and day, but the boundary between the two is very thin.  
Your response almost mimics what I thought as I wrote my post: perspective.    Justice being relative is all about the perspective you take when you look at it and as I wrote it felt like I was going in and out of thinking about justice locally versus nationally or regionally.    As you said, it may be less relative, and I agree.  Somewhere along the construction of justice those individual concepts/principles get molded in with someone else's, and so on making it more applicable to broader folks.    Your point is well taken.  Nice chatting   
I do too. Definitely. I was examining it through a historical lens and my focus was on the back half of most of those examples. I think you're looking at it with a focus on the first stages of an idea. Very cool. 2 totally different ways to look at a question. Man I like other brains sometimes! 
Yes, in the case of property it would be the ability to own things as the fundamental human attribute. So the victim of robbery has had force applied and harm done because the things that have were owned are changed involuntarily.  
I think you're confusing abilities with "rights". A right is a moral or legal entitlement that is decided upon by a community or society, i.e. an abstract concept which is not observable in nature and which only exists as a mental construct.  If you want to prove that such "rights" inherently exist in nature, then you need to prove that they do so outside of human thought. 
It would also mean the one who takes that life doesn't value it.  
You don't stop being human when you hurt others, this kind of thinking only mythologizes the worst among us into some sort of monsters. They are not monsters, at least in the literal sense. I know this strips away a sort of reassuring thought that you or other people you perceive as normal would never do horrible things, but that's a delusion. We are all capable of what you call evil. This is why people are shocked their loved one would, say, molested children. 
I wasn't trying to assert some point, I believe you're just as right as I am.  I believe in Natural Rights (albeit maybe they are not always equal to everyone).    Your point of "Citizen rights are positive liberties reserved for members of a certain state." = that is spot on, and I couldn't agree more.  That's such a huge significant and accurate statement.  I feel as if your point there would be SCOTUS worthy and argument number 1 in the brief opposing expansion of civil liberties, or the brief seeking to overturn criminal protections.  Good chat. * (if you're not American Supreme Court of the U.S.) 
I think he was going further and suggesting that anythings that are binary have no real boundary. Though i may be putting words in mouths. 
I don't remember where I read it but someone suggested (as a thought experiment) that the best law would be the one written by a group of people with artificially induced temporary amnesia of their own circumstances (technology we lack of course), forcing them to consider all perspectives equally since they never know which role they would play once they get back to their lives in society. 
Not sure I understand.  How is the ability to own things as the fundamental human attribute?  It does not exist in lone humans.  I get the right to life; a lone human has that all on their own.  I get the right to safety of their person; a lone human has that all on their own.  I get the right to speech; a lone human has that all on their own.  These attributes exist in individual humans.   But property, the concept of property, is agreement between people; that something belongs to some person or people & they get to decide what happens to that stuff.  This fundamentally cannot exist in an individual human.   
Nobody's saying that Human Rights exist in the flesh and bones of human beings. The agreement they denote is nonetheless real, we each recognise our concomitant value, an ethic that emerges naturally and 'actually' out of the fact of being human and being human among other humans. Categories and concepts like ethics don't physically exist, they emerge dynamically out of relations between conscious beings. This doesn't change when a despot disregards human rights. You might as well say logic isn't real.    
That's a bit of a stretch. I'm just trying to understand how you folks have such strong sympathy for evil. You must have never seen it in person.  
I'm fully aware that every human is capable of being a monster given the right circumstances, you're very right, I've seen this first hand. However when a person isn't fighting for their life, or their survival in an austere environment, and just plain enjoys hurting others, they're not human. I'm sorry, no matter how you try to swing that, some people are not fixable, and are animals, and need to be dealt with accordingly. 
That makes sense to me. I forgot the word had historical context and I took it literally. Thanks. 
That doesn't really make any sense. There are many very well-defined binary things in the universe, and definitely in the world of mathematics. An example is electrical charge; there is no doubt about whether a particle has positive or negative charge, and no in-between.  However, most things we deal with are complex combinations of many things (either concepts of physical things) so one quickly enters the realm of statistical realities and fuzzy set theory. 
It's recorded by Herodotus that the ancient Persians would debate their decisions twice- once while drunk and once while sober..... I'd say they were trying their best. Personally I'd like a system where people on psychedelics are making the decisions; but that's just based on some personal experiences 
A lone human does have the ability to own things. Look at the guy who does the primitive technology channel in Youtube. The things he creates are definitely his even though there is no one else around.   Rothbards concept of homesteading by the mixing of ones labor applies here.  
I believe you are applying what is generally known as a loaded question, popularly known as the "have you stopped beating your wife yet?"-question. 
As I said, that's delusional. They are still humans. Calling them animals is absurd. Animals have no sense of morality. Humans, even worst ones, do. 
Yes exactly. This whole thing doesn't make sense because the rewards in the payoff matrix are based on nothing but speculation. In order to compute expectation, you need a reward matrix with measurable rewards.  
Much better than I was going to express it.  The benefit of enjoying a heathen's life, should there be no benefit in the [possible] afterlife, thereby becomes of infinitesimal value.  It all really come down to making an all-or-nothing decision and living with the consequences.  Or just repent on your deathbed. 
The main thing I'm confused about is, if you believe and follow a diety(or dieties) you inherently have a hand in the pot; those ignoring any diety (like atheists and others do) don't even seem to be placing a bet at all. The only explanation that they are in the pot is the "God who only accepts people who don't worship one" view which would be a paradox.  So you can as a believer either be right or wrong about your God, or as a non believer you can either be right, which would be like never playing and not like 'winning' since you would end up with nothing, or wrong because you didn't follow the real God. The odds are infinite yes, but the rules are you have to play so the second number is constant and we can only affect the first #/&infin; 
I would agree that the biggest flaw with the God example is that in a situation where it matters the logic being used undermines the entire point of following a religion. 
I really don't think OP does. IMO, all the qualifications that he states, his gotchas, are implied in the "false wager." When people say, believing in God is worth the reward despite the fact it might not pay out, they mean specifically their concept of god. That's pretty much universally understood. 
Why do you expect "Hate" from religious people?  Most have loving and sharing intentions.  If I knew Dairy Queen was handing out free ice cream cones, and I told you because I saw that you didn't have one, would you think that's because I hate you? 
Belief is not the same as counterevidential faith. 
The utility of resources falls off as you get more of them.  $1001 is not as good compared to $1000 as $1 is to $0. 
Actually, if we have no information about God at all, then any of his possible demands has an equal probability of being real. They all cancel out, since !D is possible for every D. He could either say "don't eat fish" or "do eat fish," and so on; for every possible demand obeyed, there is an equal and opposite demand *dis*obeyed. Therefore, Pascal's Wager tells us nothing. 
I can imagine the most perfect possible argument for God. But the most perfect possible argument would be *real,* since a real argument is better than an imaginary one.  :P 
As a response to Pascal's Wager, I've always liked "well, I've never told you this before, but the truth is that I'm the guy that decides who goes to Heaven and who goes to Hell. Give me $20 and I can guarantee you a place in Heaven. $20 for a potentially infinite reward, that's worth the risk right?" 
I think I've heard this from a friend or in a class once. I find these other thought experiments which apply the same concepts to absurd situations to be really amusing, because it shows how unreasonable some philosophical concepts are, and how misleading certain thought experiments can be. 
I don't understand how this idea isn't the end all for this arguement. Why does it ever come up as a way to argue religion? It's an interesting piece of logic and should still be taught, but it's flaws are astounding.  
I agree. Lots of other comments make objections along the lines of "Christianity is _more likely_ than other religions or the apple alien scenario," and cite its widespread popularity, but fail to consider the rest of the cultural, psychological, and historical reasons for the spread of Christianity. It certainly wasn't spread because of its higher probability of being true. 
In this example, we aren't multiplying by infinities.  This is just applied probability and statistics, and with each passing day, the probabilities of each case are better defined.  I would continue using it.   
Why should I care about Fermat (coming from ignorance but willing to learn)? 
Spend a week believing in Santa Clause and tell me what it was like after that. You can pretend to believe, maybe even tell others you think he's real. But I promise you, you can't actually force yourself to believe there's actually a man who lives with elves at the North Pole who can fly with reindeer.   We only have partial control over what we believe since we can actively seek out evidence or ignore things but on a certain level belief is unconscious.   Another example: make the decision to believe you can fly, then jump off a cliff. Could you actually force yourself to do it with confidence because you "know" you can fly? 
The atheist gambles that their life choices are not constrained by any religious requirements.  Their win is in the fact that they don't have to follow fatwas or other commands that contradict how they wish to live life.  If you take something like homosexuality as an example -- proscribed by multiple major religions -- the wager is more like "If I suppress homosexual feelings and there is a God, I'm rewarded with eternity in heaven, otherwise I go to hell.  If I suppress homosexual feelings and there is no God, I've wasted life experiences for no reward, but if there is no god, then my life was lived to a much fuller potential."  That's where the atheist receives their "reward". 
&infin; is merely a variable representing a number that is infinitely large. How they behave when taken to the limit of infinity determines how functions of them behave.  L'Hopital can explain it better than I can.  This one converges to 0. You're not getting your wager back. 
There are an infinite number of possible gods. You get to pick one, or some finite subset using some system of creating gods. The Hindus have hundreds of millions, e.g., giving them the best chance, but it's still an infinitesimal chance, as there are still an infinite number of others they didn't pick.  That's on top of the infinitesimal chance that any god exists.  1/&infin; * 1/&infin; = 1/&infin;^2 is your chance of (there is a god) AND (you picked the right one).  Which overwhelms the infinite reward you're being promised. 
If you're into it for clubbiness, then fine. Nothing wrong with playing dress-up and make-believe. Check out any Comicon.  But if you start claiming that you're going to reap infinite rewards and everyone not in your religion isn't, then you're on the wrong side of the math.  And when your religion has made itself the goverment, that's a far more serious problem. 
You're assuming there's one god who's messing with people. That's just one of the infinitude, because most of those other people think you're wrong, and their god has told them so.  That last thing you said is the fallacy of appeal to popularity, and does not enter the math, here. 
Good thing my religion doesn't require me to check my brain at the door, believe contradictory things, or agree with things I disagree with, no matter how many times unbelievers claim that it does.  (I believe in the Logos, the infinite mind of God, who rejoices in thinkers actively discovering truth and wisdom wherever it may be found, and who reveals the truths of God which cannot be found in this material universe. He is glad that you're enjoying the brain He provided.) 
I'm simply pointing out an additional reason the believer's position is "unsafe".  So I'm in agreement that the wager is flawed, just adding a point that I didn't see in his statements.  So... changing something in my statement. 
Because I'm not an atheist, even though I understand that it is my responsibility to myself and others and any gods that may exist to act like it, and as a hopeful believer in a world where my responsibilities are to act as an atheist, it requires a degree of stubbornness and resolve against my predilection to believe, implied by the word 'vehement', to accomplish that. 
And it's god. Anything is possible. Could be a possum named Chuck for all we know. 
Lol, it's not $20! It's 10% of your gross wage! (Tithe for a catholic) 
It often comes up as an argument for religion because it has the superficial appearance of being an irrefutable, purely logical reason for belief. If the argument actually made sense the way they're using it, that would be a huge thing for people trying to argue their beliefs on a rational basis rather than a spiritual/personal one. Add in the fact that most people probably won't stop to think through the logic and you have one zinger of an argument. As OP mentioned, it provides confidence based on false premises, but as long as they don't realize the premises are false or don't think anyone else will realize then they'll keep using it. 
I've always thought the safest position is to figure out the largest possible number of religions you can believe in that have non-contradictory guidelines for salvation.   If there's religions A, B, C, D, and E, and religion A wants you to exclusively worship god A and religion B wants you to exclusively worship god B but allows non-believers who are vegetarian to reach heaven, while religions C and D both follow god C in different ways but allow for the existence of other gods and religion E is a polytheistic religion, then the safest bet is to venerate god C primarily while also sacrificing to a couple gods from E and maintaining a vegetarian diet. You're screwed if A is right or if none of them are right, but otherwise, salvation!  Of course, the inconvenience of doing all these things might end up being prohibitive, which is one of the many reasons Pascal's Wager is silly. But if you're going to do it, do it *right*.  
It's a 1:infinite shot, because for every god you could come up with, I can come up with an infinite number more of them.   Christian god rewards you if you believe and punishes you if you don't.  Anti-Christian god punishes you if you believe and rewards you if you don't.  Basically, If I do X, I get reward, If I do Y I get punishment.  Add the case where you swap X and Y, and you wind up with a net value of 0 for belief based on this system.  Because of this, the argument has no value and proves nothing.  So, you are still making a complete guess about what is out there, which is logically a 1:infinite shot. 
I've wondered how my country would be if Islam didn't come. And I'm sad my country's high school history syllabus feels like it isn't giving the Buddhism more focus. I'm from Malaysia. 
But this has no upshot without the presumption that absolutely no evidence applies either way and the only class of propositions to which that applies is those which never even occur to us, since everything conceivable relates somehow to experience, and by extension, evidence. All such relations must bear on relevant estimations based on the evidence which is that experience.   This may be nigh impossible to quantify in many cases, but not necessarily all, and strictly speaking, such difficulty is beside the point. If Pascals' Wager, or some facsimile is good enough for any ideally capable being, then it deserves some respect from us too. 
Fermat(pronounced fur-ma) was a hell of a mathematician who made some statements and theorems that ended up being very useful in modern day. The only problem was that he didn't really explain his work a lot.   My personal favorite is Fermat's little theorem(to distinguish from his last theorem). It was a proof dealing with modulo and prime numbers. This theorem led to Euler's Theorem (pronounced Oilers) which was the cornerstone for RSA encryption. RSA is used in modern day computers for encrypting and decrypting messages.   Took history of Mathematics and Cryptology in college, so I learned a decent bit on it if you have questions on the above.  
There are lots of things that aren't quite untestable, but that can only be tested once, like "what's the chance I will die tomorrow?"  As for actually untestable, you can consider the state of objects that are far enough away from us in the universe so that their light will never reach us, which, to the best of my knowledge, physicists believe exist. 
But the initial viewpoint was also based on no evidence, so the actions are somewhat consistent.  1. Mainstream church leader says X is true.  2. Person believes X to be true.  3. Mormon church leader and boyfriend says Y is true.  4. Person believes Y to be true.  
also when you realize life after death is a desperate fiction for petty minds you realize you should just do whatever you want (and the rest of us hope you want to do at least a little good while you are alive) 
I've never lost any money at craps.  I've never played craps.  I'm probably above average in gross profit from craps.  
So now we're back to 1) taking the matter seriously, not flippantly, and 2) weighing evidentiary claims instead of weighing hypothetical metaphysical scenarios.  Which religions make truth-claims which can be tested and possibly proven false? 
Guaranteed limbo over possibilities of eternal Heaven or Hell? I agree, I might very well make the conscious choice not to believe in gods rather than risk it.  (Furthermore, I heard that there are no non-human animals in Abraham's Heaven. Screw that place.) 
What's converging here? You can't speak of limits of just anything; you need a function of some kind. 
Infinity squared might be a different concept, but it's still the same as infinity. If you agree, that inf.+2 is still inf. then you must agree that you can swap the two for 4 or 5000 or a million and you can keep adding more and more infinitely. So inf.+inf. (ir 2xinf.) is still inf. Then again if 2xinf. is equal to inf. so must 3xinf. Just keep going by that logic and after infinite time you reach inf.xinf. so inf. squared.   Sorry if i seemed like a jerk. I'm not sure if it's polite and i didn't mean any offence. 
I never mentioned infinitesimal risks - quite the opposite - I spoke of guarantees. Or put another way: 'infinite risks'. 
That's humorously similar to the way I think of him. 
Catholics don't tithe.  Besides the weekly collection, where people usually throw a couple bucks at most in the basket, parishes have bingo nights, pasta dinners and the like to raise needed money ... because we don't tithe. 
Most people stick with religion for the community, not the stuff afterwards. 
yeah, but if "but I don't believe that" is an acceptable counterargument, then Pascal's Wager clearly doesn't work. 
What if god exists, but heaven and hell do not exist? 
This is the best advice. Invest in a proverbial index fund of spirituality, and you can't go wrong. Priests hate him!  
Not quite. Psychology often fails us, and we often are led to believe what we want to believe. A large reason for the spread of Christianity in some areas of Europe include its promises of resurrection and other benefits that trumped those of other religions. Submitting to confirmation bias does _not_ make Pascal's Wager a better method of decision-making.  
Speaking of game theory... There *should* be no shame in getting things wrong, but people can gain social power or "face" by pointing out errors, and those who make errors often lose face, so from a game theory POV it often makes sense to conceal errors or deny that an error is as big as it seems. In special circumstances, such as this one, acknowledging an error can actually be beneficial, but that's often not the case. Fundamentally, the credibility of a person is based in part on consistent correctness, and anything that disrupts that consistency is a threat to their credibility.  
The misattributed Marcus Aurelius quote touched on this. You ought not to worship an unjust god. _Rebel_, fight back, or suffer. Either way you lived a more virtuous life than that of one who submits to that unjust god.  It should not be taken as claim of disproof. Its an acknowledgement of resistance in this one outcome. 
In that scenario, I don't really wanna be judged by a being.  Why should the ultimate evil seek to please such a being? 
You're well above the average for people who've played. The amount spent annually on replacing worn felt alone is strong evidence of that. 
I said, "in that case". This is referring to the branch of the decision tree where the outcome for atheism is also tied to an infinity reward. I make no judgement on the truth claim of that sect. Just that if you are trying to make a complete decision tree, that is a valid possibility and not a logical paradox. I make no claim on the probability of it being the outcome. 
Okay. Call it *v = rxy,* where *v* is the value, *r* is the payout, *x* is the probability there are any gods, and *y* is the probability you've picked the right one given any exists. In this form it takes the form of &infin;\*0\*0 instead of &infin;/&infin;^2 but it's the same thing. 
It depends on whether or not they were born into believing Hank was true.   There are many who die for their faith. Does that make it true? Can't you think of ANY recent examples of people doing that as suicide bombers or hijackers?  And someone about to be executed, do you think if they recanted, they wouldn't be killed anyway for rebellion and/or blasphemy? In fact, many probably recanted, but they were executed and you are told a story that they did not. Who can argue the point, since they were executed?  The Navy SEALs stopped waterboarding their guys for torture resistance training because it would break them. Torture someone long enough, and they will break. Many have died to hide a lie, if they believe it will serve a greater good, or if they realized it wouldn't matter what they said. 
It's fun to tell Christians that tithing is a strictly Old Testament thing. Christian writings never talk about giving 10% to the church. 
Better not take that chance, best to just believe everything. What do you have to lose? 
So now we come to **Pascal's Roulette Wheel**, in which the evidence for the central truth-claim made by each religion and related philosophical scenario is weighed against the penalty for not believing it.  - If atheism is true, everyone's screwed unless we discover material immortality.  Bonus if we discover paradox-free time-travel, and can save everyone from the past too.  Minimal risk in disbelieving. - If ancestor worship is true, then we'd better hope our kids don't forget where we're buried.  Risk in disbelieving: ??? - If zombie apocalypse is in our future, the last forty years of pop culture have prepared us well.  Risk in disbelieving: Holler if Grandma comes back wrong. - If Islam is true, the last forty years of politics have prepared us quite poorly. Risk in disbelieving: mortal peril from some believers and spiritual peril equivalent to Christianity. - If Unitarian Universalism is true, it's just like atheism, but with Heaven instead of oblivion: no risk in disbelieving. 
Make sure to minimize your management fees by avoiding religions with tithing requirements! 
Uh, I think just taking something at face-value is "not using critical thinking in any capacity." 
I granted the matter of epistemic difficulty while pointing it out as basically irrelevant. I'm not sure who you think claims an epistemic merit of confirmation bias, but I do know that while humans succumb to it, at times, ideal beings never do. 
And it's the one thing I, a devoted Christian, agree with Satan on.  Where we differ is his claim that Yahweh is a manipulative liar, and mine that He is a loving Father. 
But suppose the most fulfilled state of being man can attain is to be in awestruck worship of God, would God then not be benevolent for requiring that? I commend your commitment to truth and goodness (to give your eternal life for it!), but consider the possibility of your understanding of truth and goodness being limited or distorted. It would be tragic to choose damnation on a mistake. 
Yep, but it's marginally simpler with N^2 than rational numbers. 
True...People raised in false cults have to overcome a lot.  Referencing the die for faith part, I was specifically thinking about the original eyewitness followers and Apostles of Jesus that are said to have died for their faith.  Good points...Thanks. 
Am pastor, can confirm. Tithing is not a NT concept (although Jesus has plenty to say about money/greed/charity) and even the OT model of tithing is very different from the "give 10% of your gross to the church" you almost always hear. Frankly, I don't know how we got here from there. 
Compare those numbers to other nation states. Behind only the middle East and a few small sample size countries, America is one of the most religious nations on the planet.  
I'm pretty sure German Catholics have to give about 9% of the wage. In fact I believe it is automatically deducted. (Kirchensteuer, I believe it is called).  Tithe literally means "tenth part" it is derived from two old English words, though I don't remember how to spell them. 
More religious? I'll buy that. But what's the difference? 20% active church-goers vs. 15%? I mean, a jump from 1% to 2% is 100% more which sounds scary out of context. I'm not making an excuse for religion, I'm just pointing out that our country is far more secular than anti-religion alarmists give us credit for.  The foundations of the country were religious purists/heretics escaping persecution; further tribalized by the melting pot which encouraged sectionalist-minded communities built around that shared identity... to me it's a miracle we're not ENTIRELY religious fundamentalists given the social forces at work pre-internet era.  If anything, I'd hedge a bet that the secularization of the nation post-internet is strong evidence that the religiosity of the country was nothing more than community engagement out of social necessity more than anything else.   
We don't believe in hellfire literally. Nor that god created it. Hellfire is living beneath your potential for eternity. God didn't create the concept of living beneath your potential. It's just a thing. Early prophets were poetic in their description, and I like to think that the description is apt, but misused by early Christian leaders to incite fear.   So one might reword your response in that context as "there would be no living beneath your potential..." but that would mean that God would be forcing everyone to obey, and be Christlike. But that is itself a paradox, because to choose the right requires choice and for there to be a right there must be an opposite. These are just eternal principles that God is bound by.   As to your point about religious people causing suffering throughout the world over these issues, I do completely agree and condone none of it. A discussion like this is all that differing opinions should ever lead to, at its worst.  
Oh yeah. I get it. There has to be some entry point of belief, right? I can't use the Bible or Book of Mormon to make a point if you outright refuse to accept that they could be true. It's a leap of faith, for sure. I don't judge you for not making any leap of faith. If I weren't raised in this church the odds are that I wouldn't either. So there's no judgment here. But the parable is just a story. If you hear the story and the principles ring true and they make sense to illustrate a point, it doesn't really matter if it came from the Bible or if I just made it up, right?  Anyway, best wishes to you. Thanks for keeping it civil. Cheers! 
You do not have a reply in this thread that has five lines. 
IIRC it's about 9% of the income tax, not 9% of income - so very well earning Catholics would pay around 4.05% (45% * 9%) of their income to the church - most people less than that however. 
You make a very good argument. Maybe an interesting metric (hard to measure though?) Would be count of religiously motivated legislation. Local governments all through the Bible belt enforce any variety of religious doctrine. I mean even with federal intervention today there are local county clerks in the Bible belt who won't sign marriage licenses for homosexual couples.   You know, the US is so wildly varied (and the states so relatively huge) I bet you'd get more meaningful comparisons if you compared each State to the countries of the world. 
Oh, I wasn't even aware you were making the argument in earnest.  I thought you were playing devil's advocate.  When it comes right down to it, what I believe happens to us, what let's me sleep at night is as fanciful and unprovable as any religious mythology, except my beliefs come from meditation and the use of entheogens and is very personal.  It fits me better than group meetings and repetition of prayers ever did.  My reality allows for the coexistence of all.    I actually love discussing religion with Mormons (rare around here) and Jehovah's Witnesses because it's an opportunity to discuss how my spirituality intertwines with theirs and why I stopped going to church.  I actually lost my faith while teaching a 5th grade bible class my senior year of high school.  They asked too many sensible questions I couldn't answer. :) 
Waves white flag, hoping she don't come off as an asshole just because she sees it right above ur comment 
This is only true if you disagree that the various religious texts are a letter written from God to people. 
Yes, thank you. The entire article is based on a complete misunderstanding of quantum physics 
*Maimed by machine and no longer able to participate in lottery* 
This is interesting. I thought that einselection assumes that wavefunction collapse happens since the particles are in superposition before decoherence time and in a certain state after, or did I misunderstand it? 
The theory only works if you assume that the quantum changes save you in the alternate universe. If you don't start with that assumption obviously it is highly unlikely to occur. The point of thought experiments is to assume a theory as valid and to extrapolate scenarios based on that assumption.  
Just because there are infinite universes does not mean all possible universes exist. For example, if you had a set of all even numbers it would be infinite, but there is no odd number in that sequence 
Not really.  The argument for this being a simulation usually hinges on two premises.  The first is that most known universes are simulated.  We've already simulated a sizable number of them, albeit crude ones that are smaller and less complex than our own.  Nonetheless, they exists (or at least existed at one point in time, even if they have since been shut down).  So out of all the universes we are aware of, the vast majority of them are definitely simulated.  Second, we have no way of reliably determining that our universe is *not* a simulation, for much the same reasons we can't say with certainty that we are not dreaming or exist as a brain in a vat being fed false sensory data.  So basically the argument goes as follows: we don't know whether we're in a simulation or not, but to our knowledge, most universes are simulations.  Ergo, it is more probable that we are in a simulation than not. 
It doesn't matter, as you and your counterpart are exactly the same person up until that point. The universe splits AT the point you die, so up until that exact moment you essentially have no counterpart (in this particular "universe-line/time-line"). When the universe splits, THEN one of you dies and the other lives. But as you were exactly the same person in terms of memory and thoughts etc up to this point, and as you cannot be "aware" of the universe in which you die *following* death, as far as you're concerned you're always the one who survived.  
Yes. Which is true unless you don't consider your consciousness being the same consciousness as 1 second ago.  
You may exist in the non-predictable ones, just like you do in this one. The guy in the 'all coin flips are heads' universe is probably not reading this thread however, seeing as the "many universe theory" is pretty much universally accepted, since there could be no other explanation for all the weird shit they see all the time in that particular universe.  
Yes, I would say we have. You could also apply it to our existence on Earth. It's just the right distance from the sun, life was able to evolve/be seeded/whatever, and we haven't been gamma-ray-bursted. By mass alone, odds indicate we should be a big cloud of Hydrogen. 
Or is this a prediction based on theoretical knowledge about the inner workings of physical phenomena within the framework of quantum mechanics? As in, everything we know about the behavior of particles indicates that they occupy such multifarious positions or states, yet we cannot "catch" them in the act or otherwise document that they do so?  Yes. Heisenberg's uncertainty principle also states that we can only guess at either the speed or location of the particle, but not both.   Hope this helps a bit. If you are so inclined lookup Heisenberg's uncertainty principle for a better definition.  
It should be noted that the authors understanding of quantum physics seems to be shaky at best 
I don't think it would be reasonable to assume that everything will just end. After all - the universe had to come from somewhere. Also, I wouldn't trust the predictive power of modern science on those time scales, as we still don't quite have nailed down what things like dark matter and energy are. Looking at dark energy specifically, it only came into play (overtaking gravity) in the last few billion years. Who knows what other factors may emerge? 
Yes, if somebody proposes that there is a thing (system, universe, etc.) that we cannot interact with exists, it's a pretty useless proposal. it might as well not exist. If you believe the universe is made of information, you could theoretically "create" any universe/arrangement of information if it doesn't exist already, proving that everything *can* exist.  The idea of this multiverse is that there are multiple futures ahead of you at any given time, each just as real as any other, and one is assigned to you at random (or by some choosing mechanism). As soon as you observe a particle/wave thing, you find out which future you're in. This eliminates the need for a mysterious "collapse of the wave function" as suggested in the Copenhagen interpretation.  In the famous double-slit experiment, the weirdness found there can be explained by parallel universes interfering with one another. If this is a mechanism we can take advantage of, then these parallel realities will be useful to us. 
But we know enough about thought experiments to do so. 
Nothing in science explains why the universe exists in the first place. The scientific conclusion could be that nothing exists at all, so everything else that doesn't exist is just as real. 
What we measure is how the particle affects other particles, which affect other particles until it reaches our eyes/ears/etc. The numbers (0, 1, -1) are chosen arbitrarily (or out of mathematical convenience, if you prefer). I'm not sure if that's what you're asking. 
I suppose that since you still have to live with the consequences of your action the same social incentives would be in place as in a non MWI world. That is unless you kill yourself. 
The difference is that I'm privileged to my own consciousness while my assistant isn't. I wouldn't call that paradoxical but it is surely not a practical experiment... 
Yes! I believe this is an important piece of many-worlds that makes it much more elegant. 
There are plenty of writers without a scientific mindset who aren't populistic hacks, lets not insult them. 
How would complications be accounted for?  Like you said if you pull the trigger, the universe splits into two, one where you survive, one where you die.  Would there ever be multiple splits, maybe thousands or billions to account for every possibility?    Like, life and death, those are two scenarios.  What about if pull the trigger, but maybe you go into a coma.  That's now 3 scenarios.  Maybe in one you pull the trigger but the gun jams, that's 4.  In another you pull the trigger and the bullet fires but doesn't kill you, you survive, that's 5, and so on and so forth.  Would that sort of thing ever happen? 
So when I'm born are new universes created based on my "product line"? What if I never came to existence? Why does that mean I would exist in other universes? What even starts it at all? 
I think it's called affirmations. The fact that "quantum" even comes into the question is bogus. 
So basically your consciousnesses are all connected but you only see through one? If someone could elaborate on this I'd be interested to know how correct (if at all) this is. 
I read "Ketamine: Dreams and Reality" by Karl Jansen two years ago and it really explored the various uses of K and how it affects the mind and body. It was a fascinating read and very entertaining if that's something you're into- your comment reminded me of it. 
Consciousness never leaps. You have missed the essence of the theory. In fact, according to many world's your consciousness simultaneously exists in an essentially infinite number of realities. 
Sorry we are only looking for physicists here. /s  But really please go on. 
I have to admit, this reddit post slightly annoyed me as I've poured on/off work over the last three years into a movie script about this idea, however the "suicide" method is completely different and it's more about how people react to the two, the court cases the teens who won the lottery get involved in and some surprises along the way, culminating in some tragedy and a poignant closing monologue/ public statement by one of the teens that pulled the stunt.  Really cool that your first thought upon hearing the suicide lottery idea was a movie script :P 
"Wavefunction collapse" describes a miraculous process that happens instantaneously and without any known physical causes. Einselection describes a way we might get a similar but non-miraculous process that takes some non-zero amount of time and works through the plain old schroedinger equation (or its relativistic equivalents).   Superselection rules also allow for a much more rigorous concept that looks kind of like many-worlds, where there are multiple simultaneous states that simply don't interact with each other. I suspect this is important for incorporating the phenomenon of entanglement over large distances.  
You're assuming a normal distribution of universes (in the sense of a "normal number"). It's entirely possible for there to be an infinite number of universes, all of which you get hit by a bus and die. 
Wikipedia is not a factual website, decoherence is not MWI (it's a theory that some people incorporate into MWI but can also be incorporated into a Copenhagen-like theory), and decoherence also does not cause "wave function collapse" or explain the measurement problem. At best, decoherence theory explains why we never measure actual quantum waves, though the quantum equations are wave equations.   
Frankly I find it absurd to call any of this "Physics". It is quite clearly not scientific, as it is simply being made up with no evidence to support the claims made other than "you cannot disprove this, nor will you ever be able to". Granted, that is an attitude that has some merit in science, but not enough merit to call it science on its own.  The "Quantum Suicide Experiment", and the idea that at every possible divergence a new universe is created, is purely philosophical. Merely framing it with the ideas of quantum physics does not change that. Besides, I could equally say that the two split-universes you speak of already both exist before the divergence - who is to say that two truly identical universes cannot coexist? Not me, and I should imagine not you either. Yet this theory also has no supporting evidence, and no reason to believe it is true other than that it cannot be disproven (and, very few things indeed can be comprehensively disproven). 
But like "1s-ago-me" resides in the same universe as "now-me." Wouldn't those alternate "you"s be inaccessible to my consciousness? So if I died, they would live, but my consciousness would be destroyed? 
Yeah but that's sort of what happens. Classical mechanics didn't exist without a consciousness to define them. Things merely were what they were and did what they did. Categorizing, classifying, measuring, naming, describing, predicting, etc... these are all integral to our scientific understanding of the universe, and are also all entirely in our heads. 
Don't forget too, we're not only in an endless ocean of space, but also an endless ocean of time. It doesn't have to be NOW.  It could be any time. If it were a hundred years ago you would exist. If it were a hundred years from now you wouldn't exist. What are the unbelievably slim odds of it being RIGHT NOW, during a time when you happen to exist?  
Yeah true, our current understanding of thermodynamics and conservation of matter/energy could simply be incomplete for the time being. Similarly, if either time travel to the distant past or hopping over to a universe with less entropy turned out to be possible then those would also be possible resolutions. 
Not exactly. What's the difference between flipping a coin and killing myself if it comes up heads, and measuring a particle and killing myself if it's measured as "up?" A coin that is sitting heads up is marginally different from one sitting tails up, but whether the coin I'm flipping becomes one or the other is really up to chance... Can the same be said about a particle before it's been measured? 
But I mean, if you try to put your reasoning into a predicate / conclusion form, or somehow formalize it, what predicates do you have that your assistant doesn't that allow you but not him to reach the conclusion? And whatever this reasoning is, why would replacing "I" (from your perspective) with "him" (from your assistant perspective) render the reasoning invalid? Somehow the difference between first and third person is, exclusively, making the difference in proving a feature of the physical world.   Note that filming the inside of the chamber and showing the video to your assistant wouldn't make a difference. It is the fact that you are you that somehow gives you access to some kind of incommunicable piece of information that has real world implications. Wouldn't this somehow entail the irreducibility of consciousness? Have we just proved hard materialism wrong? 
Neither theory actually explains anything or fixes anything though...They just allow the scientists involved to say that "both states exist" instead of "I'm not sure which state it is in right now, until we check"...  The math remains exactly the same either way - it doesn't break just because we aren't sure of the current state of the particle and have to account for multiple possibilities...  Thus they do nothing to further science in any way, shape, or form - they merely distract from science by allowing people to argue about meaningless, ridiculous theories instead of performing research.   
Sorry to bump a 2-day old comment,  but it sounds to me like you're saying that only certain interactions will cause a quantum particle to collapse its states.   Does an uncollapsed particle need to interact with a particle whose states are collapsed for the uncollapsed particle to collapse? Or can two uncollapsed particles interact in such a way that causes one or both to collapse their states?  
Technically, aren't wave function collapse and uncertainty related because without uncertainty, there would be no wave function to collapse in the first place?  
Double slit experiment. If you don't put a measuring device in front of the double slits (detecting which slit the particle went through), it acts as a wave function. If you do, they behave like classical particles and produce no interference pattern. Noone actually even watches the said measuring device. 
It's basically an assumption of science that the external world is real and exists somewhat in the way we experience it.  At **minimum** you have to assume that the observable world (real or not) functions with some sort of predictable regularity.  Notice that in either case it makes not sense to say that something happens only because of conscious awareness.  In the first case we're already assuming the external world is somewhat how it appears regardless of minds.  In the second, in it's strongest interpretation, the world exists only in minds or in the presents of minds, making the requirement for consciousness completely trivial.  As far as science is concerned it doesn't matter either way.  It's very very strange to take a middle ground though were *just this one thing* out of all observables *requires* and observer. 
I think your conflating something happening in nature with someone being aware of something happening in nature.  In other words, the wavefunction collapses or doesn't whether or not I (or anyone else) is aware of it.  People will argue, correctly, that you can't *know* that the wavefunction collapsed without consciousness being involved.  While this is true, you can't know *anything* without consciousness being involved.  I could make the same argument that for a tree leaf to fall someone has to be consciously aware of it, because you can't know that it happened without consciousness.  This is bordering on berkeleyan idealism or solipsism - in either case, science is either pointless or the statement that it requires consciousness is trivial and uninteresting.  
I kind of glossed over this in the original post, but not all interaction require collapse of the wavefunction.  A photon travelling through the air does not collapse the wavefunction.  If it's then absorbed by an atom, the wavefunction collapses at that point.  While the light is travelling around through vacuum, air or whatever, the wavefunction holds.  This is kind of the whole point of the double slit experiment.  Launch an electron through some slits and it goes through all of them like a wave.  It's only when it needs a specific position, like being absorbed by a detector for instance, that the wavefunction collapses. 
?? This is not the mainstream opinion. Most neuro people I talk to say it is something we do not understand and probably don't have defined well enough to investigate very well.  
You can still break all of those down into two scenarios: alive or dead. 
The idea is that the universe sits every time there is a possibility of two or more things happening at a quantum level. It has nothing to do with it revolving around you. The universe(s) where you survive are just some of billions and billions created in the last nanosecond. You only experience the ones where you are not dead so as far as you are concerned the others can be ignored.  
Did you read the article? We're talking about a thought experiment based on the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics. 
I think it's easier to think of it as your consciousness continuing into only the universe where you survive instead of into two separate universes if for example the gun was supposed to go off, but had a bad bullet and didn't. You can't experience not being conscious because not being conscious is the absence of experience, so it would just feel like the gun never goes off. In reality you probably don't always die instantly, so one of you would actually experience getting shot.  
Someone please correct me if I'm wrong. But what I took away from the article is that essentially every choice, action, and reaction would have multiple universes extending out from it. In one of them you were born and immediately after that there are nearly an infinite amount of you from all the universes being created based on choices from the one you were born in. (also there would be many universes in which your mother aborted you, or you were still born.) 
It comes down to how you define yourself.  If you define yourself as your the consciousness that is reading these words right now, your current quantum "state",  the "I think, therefor I am" being that you are, a continued stream of perception and thought, then the doppleganger's are not you.   but if you consider "you" to be how you are defined from an outside perspective, all of the qualities that make you who you are to the rest of the world, all the things that you could be in alternate universes, then those dopplegangers are "you".  Personally, I think those dopplegangers are not "you" because that quantum decision differentiates you in some way, no matter how miniscule it might be.  
Looks like I have a book to read! Thank you for the suggestion. 
But can only perceive one? Then what's the point of existing in any others if you can't know you're there and therefore don't have any effect over it?  Your other selves are there doing things there, making choices you might never make because they aren't really you anymore, they made different choices and are therefore different people.  Isn't the suggestion that conciousness, i.e. awareness of events and therefore the ability to alter quantum states, chooses the path, versus not choosing the path?  Isn't that the question?  
As far as science is concerned, consciousness is just your brain's activity.  When the universe splits, both brains are exactly identical.  The "you" in the survivor's universe would be indistinguishable from the "you" right now and would fully believe that it is the "true you" just as you do now.  Your consciousness is neither split nor moved; It is duplicated.  Each version of you is exactly as real with exactly the same history as the other.  "You" will survive because there are now two of you and one is a survivor. 
Except those changes get amplified over time. The fact that we're talking about this stuff is a result of tiny quantum randomness happening, or we wouldn't have a topic to talk about.  That said, you're incorrect. Without the quantum randomness, the sun wouldn't shine, and you would weigh a fraction of what you weigh now, and nothing would have any mass, and electrons would all fall into the protons and turn into energy. 
In the same vein, just because there are infinite universes, that does not mean that there is definitely a universe in which you are a billionaire/immortal/famous or something along those lines.   e.x. there are infinite numbers between 1 and 2, but 3 is never one of those numbers. 
It's not physics in itself, but it is a thought experiment based on principles that have been inferred based on observation of physical events. The "many worlds" interpretation is grounded in physics, and has bizarre implications that are interesting to explore philosophically.  
It's all the same universe.  There are just a whole 3d subset at each instant, or, in the MWT there are several whole 3d subsets at each instant.   The thing is, having more than one whole 3d instance at each instant is not more different than having a whole instance at each instance.   If you can relate your consciousness in this instant whith the consciousness you had in the previous instant, all current instances should be able to do the same. 
The fact that everything looks normal to you is not surprising. Only one of your quintillion selves sees the coin always land heads. And the next day, even fewer will as that one splits into a quintillion possibilities, only one seeing heads each time.   There's one more thing this means - one of your multiverse selves has seen the coin land heads their whole life right up until they tried to show someone. Then it stopped landing heads every time. That's got to be embarrassing.  
Yes, the observation with any form of apparatus represents a fundamentally irreversible thermodynamic interaction with the quantum object. Consider a universe that consists of two electrons and nothing else.  They exist as two spread out clouds of probability of being found at a certain location. Until they are encountered by each other and react at a certain spot they exist with their wavefunctions completely independent from one another.  If they randomly bounce off each other according to their location probability clouds, they force each other into a certain location (at which they meet) and are for that moment no where else (so the probability cloud collapsed. After their encounter they can exist as spread out clouds again but all future states of them are determined in part by this event in their history.  So there has been no observer in any classical way but they have "observed" each other and there is no way to undo that. 
This is not entirely true. Performing the double slit experiment with a screen to detect the particles will still create an interference pattern. Each single photon/electron will only create a single 'blip' on the screen but if you shoot more and more individual particles through (separately, one at a time) their gradual build-up of 'blips' on the screen will create an interference pattern. 
Yea, but I'm just arguing that, from a solipsistic view - because you are alone in your consciousness - nothing else matters until it enters your experience. I'm not trying to argue for this position, but just trying to explain it as a valid argument.  Taken to the extreme, from this argument you could essentially say that any object/item/gadget's makeup/build/construction only comes to existence once you try to understand it - it didn't exist before you became interested in it's creation, but the details are now materializing as you try to understand it.  
Science is a way of explaining objective reality. It doesn't negate hard truth. There's a good chance objective reality IS fake, but that doesn't mean science isn't fruitful within this particular 'fake' reality, or that it can't help us continue expanding our knowledge.  You don't have to accept the physical as real in order to utilize science. It's called skepticism, and it's arguably one of the best mindsets a scientist can have. Pragmatism is fine and all, but it's not an excuse to ignore the fact that we can't prove the realness of anything beyond our self-awareness. We just don't know. This might be a simulation. If science is the search for answers, you need to be keenly aware of your limitations (and their implications) when using it. 
Well, I think that's a bit misleading. I think Schrodinger's cat is a very important thought experimenting if you understand it from the truly random nature of the cat's state. Unlike the lottery or other pseudo-random events where one could predict the outcome if they knew the state of all the initial conditions, the cat in this experiment is truly killed at a "random" time. Due to the quantum tunneling on which it relies, it is not deterministic and that's amazing. 
I am aware it is solipsism - I was just making the argument that, assuming solipsism is correct, then indeed the "observation" by consciousness (only yours) would collapse the function. This doesn't mean I support the idea.  The argument is still valid based on the premises of the assumptions made! 
AKA The big bang, which occurs everywhere all the time. 
You dying isn't a quantum event, though. That's my point. Quantum events have nothing to do with humans. If the universe were to split in such a way as to create two different outcomes of the same event, it's *very* likely that the scale of the event would be so small that there's no hope of ever creating two outcomes of an event involving a complex system, such as a human body.  Schroedinger's Cat is just an analogy. The quantum universe working in a way that can keep the cat both alive and dead at the same time is not at all consistent with our observations of quantum events. 
That whole idea is based on the premise that you can't trust your senses or any information derived from your senses. If that's the case, the whole idea of a physical universe is moot because the only ways we know anything about the physical universe are by observing it. :) 
Oooooh I see now so if there was me experiencing my universe and there was a gun, then there are many universes where all the possibilities can happen where I die or don't die and all the variations stemming from those except my consciousness continues into the universe where I don't die?  What would happen if I did get shot and die though? Would my consciousness just shift to another me in a different universe, or is it like where my consciousness is kind of like this common thing between me and all my other mes where my consciousness will only exist if I don't get shot and die? Would my consciousness never die then if that were the case? 
How would this coincide with material determinism? Or could it? Would all things be determined at random based on the resulting position of particles, still leading to many universes but not allowing room for free will? What sparked the question is the thought of a baby making choices. I don't know much about the thought capacity of a baby but my guess is they are exhibiting basic responses to stimuli more than choosing between options - but then again that's basically the determinist argument for anyone, just more advanced responses and stimuli. 
It makes me wonder if dreams are us living through other subconscious "me" living and experiencing bits and pieces of their lives. Which is why things are eerily the same, but different and time skipped in dreams.  Those last questions of yours got me fucked up though...I can't even comprehend it 
Try it before you decide. Also it helps to actually understand the theory instead of reading for 30 seconds and scoffing it away. The fact that you think its referring to "portals" and "dimensions" tells me you have not grasped the concepts--which are extremely difficult and require multiple levels of abstraction, granted.  You're not looking through a "portal" to "another dimension," you're manually re-formatting your experience and selecting patterns you want to see via techniques designed to help you organize and control the flow of your intent. There is no "other dimension" or "other you," only experience shifting from one pattern set to another. This shift can be extremely profound and could potentially be described as "magic" by some. The bottom line is that your expectations, attachments, and intents quite literally shape your reality.   Don't take my word on it, try it yourself. But a word of warning: if you go into expecting it not to work, then it wont. 
Is the idea of all consciousnesses being connected (but not necessarily shared) a legitimate possibility? Because if so, that is pretty goddamn fascinating. 
I don't speak for all of of philosophy, but I think the point is that mathematics and experimental observation literally do not exist except as facets of consciousness. 
Great, so some observer can say that a being recognisable as myself has survived, and that they cannot be said to be any different to how I was before, because I was duplicated - but if my consciousness was duplicated, then one of them died, and that one that died could be my consciousness, as opposed to the surviving one. Sure, something that looks and thinks exactly like me has survived, but that makes little difference to the me who actually dies - which might be the path that I, the one who must undergo these experiences, travel down. The survivor would believe themselves to be truly me, but so would the me who dies - and they are no less real. So I can die in this experiment, and the duplicate of me can live on. 
I've never met or heard of an immortal human. Are you telling me that every human eventually finds themselves in a reality where everyone else is dead? If I live to be 120 years old I will be guaranteed to survive an apocalypse that kills everyone but me? 
The quantum suicide experiment has nothing to do with consciousness causing the collaspse.  Indeed, it's a thought experiment about MWI, which is a theory which states no collapse actually occurs. 
The question what the wavefunction represents is quite a hot topic in foundational research at the moment and there has been some good progress on it. 
In the videos linked in my comment, Professor Adams says it is in fact the measuring light particle that is just enough to scatter the incoming measured particle and cause wave function collapse. Where did you get your information?  
This perspective is philosophically equivalent to arguing against an empirical reality. If I build a device, verify it operates, and put it in a box underground without otherwise damaging it, would you say the device still works or is the state of its workingness contingent upon a conscious viewer?   What if the operation of that device is contingent on quantum mechanical properties, as many electronics are? 
Yeh, this is what I'm trying to convey - there is always room for doubt because you're always making assumptions.  and cheers, I'm going to take the skepticism remark as a compliment! 
No, I mean that solipsism won't matter. Quantum experiments to prove the existence of a particle's superposition don't stop working because you aren't aware of them.  Maybe the world is undetermined until you are aware of it, but that non-determinism is not quantum or based on quantum effects.  
That's kind of my point.  You can't prove that anything happens without an observer based on the way you are instantiated in the world.  But we do that all the time with science, that's really what science is, studying how the world works as it is.  You could add "only with a conscious observer" to *all* scientific facts with the exact same justification you have for wavefunction collapse. 
Possibilities a,b,c,d,e,f,g....on to infinity basically, would exist, but from the perspective of *probability* version A (dead) and B (alive) would be the most likely. However, like you figured, anything is possible, a meteor could come crashing through the roof and strike the bullet in mid air, but probabilistically that option would make up a very small portion of the "infinite" possibilities.  
No me dying is a result of many quantum events, in another universe there was a set of many quantum events that did not result in my dying, those are the ones I experience.  
I'm not sure if it makes a difference either way. If you die and your consciousness ends, you experience nothing. If you die and your consciousness joins your consciousness in another universe, you don't remember getting shot, you remember being that person your whole life. Essentially that person in the other universe just keeps being that person, and the person that gets shot has no future experience in both cases. 
Its not only the babies choices though. Every action taken by anyone anywhere would result in an infinite amount of off shoots. And since those actions would/could have an impact on the life of the baby there would now be more than one universe the baby exists in. 
I'd say it's unlikely since dreams are often just a manifestation of our most pressing concerns/thoughts. But it's always fun to think about it that way -- to think that some version of you continually decides to jump off a cliff or is being chased by lagoon monsters! 
Essentially it is. It's not so much a concept or theory, as a way of looking at the universe and life. Very briefly, it centres around the point of view that you are not a separate entity from the universe, wandering around inside it. Everything within the universe is made up of aspects of the universe itself, be it stars or people or trees or whatever. Just like every skin cell and hair on my body is part of me, it's not something separate, so everything inside the universe essentially *is* the universe. So everything is connected. I've been pondering this for a while, and came up with what seemed to me to be an understanding of life that made sense, but i'd recommend listening to some Alan Watts lectures on Youtube if this sort of thing fascinates you. 
Great question. In quantum mechanics we can only measure eigenvalues of Hermitian operators. What this means in English is that these measurements are real (as opposed to complex) numbers. Fortunately, for any arbitrary state / superposition, we can express it in terms of a sum (usually infinite sum) of functions each of which is an eigenfunction of the operator we're measuring. When we actually perform the operation, we only see the eigenvalue (measurement value) corresponding to that particular component of the superposition, and then the system is exactly in that state. Thus there's a large difference between a measurement and a quantum operation that preserves superpositions. I don't think in general that most quantum operations preserve superpositions.   I kept this a bit mathy because based on the way you asked your question I assume you have a bit of background! Is this reasonably clear? 
If the death is instantaneous there is no consciousness of the version who dies.   
Or a medical breakthrough that extends the life of most people... 
Not op, but any BSc level college book should do. For my QM1 class we used 'introduction to quantum mechanics' by Griffiths. It's a first year course and the book doesn't require a lot of college level physics knowledge. If you're up to speed on the math, you should be able to work through it.  
Ultimately it's not about the human eye having magic effects, but rather that the entirety of our capacity to engage in scientific enquiry is contained within the set of the activities of perception and consideration.  A lens doesn't have magic effects on the source of light, but we have to always consider what effects that lens has on the observation and analysis of that source.  
I think there is a misunderstanding here, I don't think the above comments are making a claim that there needs to be other actual human observers vs machines/film. It has more to do with the results only mattering/collapsing when you become aware of them. 
"Possibilities a,b,c,d,e,f,g....on to infinity basically, would exist, but from the perspective of probability version A (dead) and B (alive) would be the most likely"  Okay, so if I'm getting this (which I might not be), possibilities ARE infinite, but would technically exist as sort of branches from version A and version B?    
That doesn't make any sense. For every universe in which you die as the result of a gunshot wound to the head, there would be a near-infinite number of universes in which you don't die from that same gunshot wound. By your thinking, which one of those universes do you experience? 
Isn't this a quote by Socrates in the Euthyphro?   
Conversely, though, activities of conscious observation likely must necessarily always fall into the set of activities which are interactions. So it's not merely conscious observation that collapses it, but conscious observation always will, and we can't observe it not doing so. 
Yes, exactly.  Surviving the gunshot but being comatose is just a branched option of "Live", where the gun jamming but a meteor striking Earth and wiping out all life is a branched option of "Die".  Every scenario with more than 2 outcomes can be further broken down into multiple scenarios with only 2 outcomes. 
Why doesn't it make sense? You would only experience the universes which are characterized, by definition, by the possibility of experience.   If the universe splits for every quantum event, then you can only experience universes where your consciousness continues to exist. Of course, for the case of the thought experiment, the "gun" is considered to either kill you or not go off. So it excludes situations where you're alive, but horribly maimed or paralyzed. By I don't see why this would contradict the general principle that the though experiment is meant to explore.  
It's not possible for any interaction of matter to occur which doesn't collapse some of the particles' possible states.  My point was that "consciousness" has no bearing on the enactment or result of an interaction. 
Because the entanglement caused by interacting with the screen involves many more particles than the entanglement caused by not interacting along the way. Therefore, the range of possible consistent results is much smaller when you ask about 100,000 particles than when you ask about 2 or 3.  At least, I think that's what I read is the current consensus such as it is. 
Yes that's it exactly. Although limitations of how we measure things do come into account, the uncertainty is "baked" into quantum particles. It is a feature that results from their probabilistic nature. 
Do you assume that each particle actually has a definite position and momentum, leaving aside our ability to know what either value is?  If so, it seems to me that the probabilities are epistemic in nature. 
At this point, it's useless to try and have a discussion with people because there's always a fallacy they bring up to try and discredit you. It got old fast.  
It's not a fallacy, there's just a blatantly false premise. 
I asked a professor of logic this once and all she said was "because it seems right." 
I suppose its usage is usually too smug, not that the site is smug per se.  The format makes it very easy to be used as such. 
It insists upon itself, it's self consistent, and it seems to give good results.  
True - like the "what have you tried?" coding advice.  
Agreed. I could link to the fallacy fallacy page, but I don't want to appear facetious  
That wouldn't work. Cause now you arguing out of context 
Anyone could say that about anything they believe in, though id probably disagree. But then again I'd be using logic to come to the conclusion of disagreeing. Yeah, why do we believe in logic? 
In the original comment you claimed that it wasn't important.   Either way, I still don't understand the argument. Seems like it's mostly just "some philosophers have said that the world could be different than what it is, therefore we should just abandon logic completely". All modern philosophy is based upon logic, that is an unarguable fact 
Depends on the situation really. Truth don't matter in most cases where you have an audience. 
I meant you're probably not using the terms the way other people *here* are probably using them, because it's a philosophy sub and your usage is somewhat at odds with the prevailing concerns within philosophy. So, at worst, it matters here. 
I run a half marathon nearly every weekend. Now I have something to listen to when I don't feel like Dan Carlins hardcore history! 
PEL, VBW, Philosophize This, and HoP are all good. The first two are conversational, the second two are scripted. Different animals.  "In Our Time," "Philosophy Bites," "Philosopher's Zone," and "Elucidations" are also good, but they're mostly scholars talking about their own work or weighing in as experts. That's great, but there's also value in vicariously participating in a conversation among fellow learners, which is really a novel way of learning that podcasting has opened up to us. 
"I mean I get what he's saying, but this is basically the categorical imperative." - Wes 
The Tractatus episode is not the place to start... very very difficult text. Plus, the audio on that is about the worst we've had.  
I use PlayerFM and can access all of the episodes. So they have been uploaded at least. Just give it another go after restarting the app 
Uh, no. The name itself is making a philosophical point about the impossibility (and undesirability) of full, constant examination. Early episodes were concerned in part with how weird (unhealthy?) it is to actually do philosophy as a profession. 
My hats off to you. Anything more challenging than a phish concert when I run just tires me out.  
That's the problem of a philosophy podcast against most other stuff. Even the light stuff requires putting a lot of attention we internet addict millennials aren't ready to  
History of Philosophy Without Any Gaps can be pretty dry at times but is really good if you want a chronological look at philosophy and the evolution of thought. 
Agreed. Some of the PEL is pretty advanced and hard to grasp. If you are starting out in philosophy, it can be difficult  
Early stuff took them a while to get in the groove so I wouldn't start with the first episode. I would check out the episode descriptions for something you are interested in.  Typically I like episodes with guests so check out those.   If your a fan of Sam Harris I think Tumors All The Way Down is my favorite. 
I don't know how people concentrate on in-depth discussions whilst also doing some other strenuous thing. I'm so easily distracted that I drift in and out even when I'm doing nothing else.  
I always recommend people starting out with "Wrath of the Kahn's". It's one of the best and rather than making others feel inferior, it actually sets the tone and pace of others and makes them much more approachable. Then I'd work to "Ghosts of the Ostfront". I really wish I was in your shoes again, waiting for them to come out feels impossible sometimes! 
At the very least though it has gotten me to want to put more time in to actually reading some of these books. Whether or not that will actually happen though is another story... 
Where applicable, I use HoP as reference material in prepping for PEL episodes. Definitely good stuff. 
I think the early PEL eps stuck to the philosophy of assuming the audience knows nothing about philosophy and since they've covered so much already and have become experts in a way, what they cover now is very, very high level stuff imo. Great stuff but the early eps were so good for an amateur with only some background.  Overall, PEL is still the number one philosophy podcast in my opinion. Only one here I haven't heard is very bad wizards. Going to check it out too.   
So you consider Camus to have been an existentialist. 
I think it's actually easier when you're doing a strenuous activity since it acts as something to keep your mind focused on instead of the pain/monotony of the activity.  
Really?  One of their 30 minute jams that just kind of meanders around?  I love it. Great to turn off your brain, but still keep it just engaged enough to pay attention to a run. As long as you know the course. I wouldn't do it in a new environment.  
Just a little self-deprecating humor. Please don't hate me.  
Agreed, it's actually four which is even better! Well worth the price. 
Yeah, that's a good idea, I ought to start doing that, although PEL recently has been doing a lot more modern stuff. Also, History of Philosophy in India is pretty good too. 
When I'm doing strenuous cardio particularly, just feeling completely wiped physically and mentally by the end of both an episode and my session is a nice humble reset button for me before I crash out for the night. 
For me just concentrating on my surroundings and avoiding obstacles or passers-by would bring me completely out of focus.  
I guess it depends on your pacing/running habits. It makes me want to lollygag. I'm the type of runner who hates jogging. I either want to be clocking in the 6-8 min mile range or I'd rather just walk. I love me some formless tunes sometimes, but not for running.  
It was funnier to me because there's definitely complex music to listen to, and I also don't like Phish. So insinuating it's dumbed down amuses me. 
Honestly its probably most effected by which modality you use as "cardio" like cycling 50miles or running 8 miles, its easier to get into a podcast and world of ideas because you'll enter a flow state after awhile.  Something like doing sprints or sled drags, you'll be exerting too much energy and won't enter a flow state during (you may afterwards though). 
I dunno. I've played tennis for over twenty years; that's way more cognitively demanding than just looking where I'm going, a skill you learn when you're two or so years old. 
Yeah, I could see that. But a nice, long 2 hour run and it works great for me.  
Sprints and sled drags would be too loud for me to listen at a comfortable volume, anyway. The cardio doesn't influence my engagement with the material, I can similarly wear out my mind without performing cardio. It's just the soft noodle feel in my limbs and mind coming to me after the shower that I find appealing about mixing them. 
Science tells us stuff such as last thursdayism shouldn't be true because it makes less sense than our current understanding of the universe. I think that's what he's saying here is that since it makes more sense for us to not have an otherworldly soul of some sorts it is more efficient and will make us happier to assume it does not exist and operate under the assumption we do not have/need it.  
It seems to me that Epicureanism has the opposite problem of Stoicism. Epicureanism is basically about how to maximize happiness when happiness is easy to achieve but it doesn't really prepare you for when things turn to shit. Stoicism does a good job of helping you get through shitty times but doesn't really have a lot of advice about how deal with the times when life isn't kicking you in the teeth. 
I'm interested in this perspective and philosophy. What do you mean "seem"? What would be a legit way to be interested to you? 
Manipulation usually comes through either the promise of gain or the treat of pain. If you are unconcerned with the pursuit of luxury and are also able to manage pain without much consternation, you would be hard to manipulate.   Your second question is interesting. I could imagine that establishing and exemplifying a model for the pursuit of happiness does do good for future generations. After all, what is the reason for improving life for future generations if not --- fundamentally --- to help them be happier?  
I always have lots of questions. Thanks for asking. Can this philosophy be summed up by saying: "Dont worry about what is out of your control and inevitable (fate). Be satisfied. Since you are currently in a living state you have much to be thankful for, the rest is just self induced misery." Therefore, satisfied gratefulness, is the only mindstate conducive to true happiness and fulfillment? 
Sex is kind of a necessity, just not a necessity to survival. 
Why does one have to be inspirational, why should that be the goal? Why is simple personal happiness a bad final target? 
If by emasculated you refer to the need for conflict, violent or otherwise, that's why we have sports and games. 
Yes, because Epicurus is saying that "ambition" in your context is an unnecessary and unobtainable goal that will never bring you happiness. The things most people associate with ambition (money, prestige, etc.) ultimately don't lead to happiness because there is no limit to how much those things will take to satisfy a person, making it a Sisyphean task.  
It derives from his physics (material atomism). Epicurus rejected a perfectly planned world of intelligent design, ordered and directed by divine beings. He'd point to natural disasters, drought, disease etc. to justify this. How could such perfect beings as Gods preside over such an imperfect world?    He didn't necessarily reject the concept of Gods existing somewhere, just the notion of participatory Gods intervening in human affairs.  
Well, it can but you can still choose to believe whatever you want because you still have hope. 
I don't think one can empirically test last thursdayism, though.  I think you're using abductive reasoning here - which is a method, but I don't think it's the scientific method. 
I think even the ancients knew that there was a physical component to consciousness - I can't imagine how one would prove that it's solely physical though.  I mean, if there is a metaphysical component by definition physical tests would not be able to interact with that. 
When life offers you a surplus, you enjoy and indulge a little, attaining contentment but forgoing hedonistic immersion. You would be happy with what life has given you, but not distraught when things go south. This is what stoicism advocates, I believe. 
Well, I can see how such a simplified answer might seem offensive to someone with chronic pain.     When it got to that point of the video I kinda chuckled to myself.  I have cluster headaches.  Sometimes daily. It is very painful, but doesn't last longer than a few hours.  I have considered killing myself.  But I just remember how many headaches I've made it through.  Plus the feeling of relief once they are gone is almost unmatched by anything else I've ever felt.   Oh, and one treatment for cluster headaches. Mushrooms. Provided by nature.  So I kinda dig his philosophy even though it isn't for everyone.      It's kinda hard to just pick one philosophy and stick with it.   Take what works for you and make your own.      I like cynicism, epicureanism, stoicism, hedonism.  They all have great qualities. But I can't just live strictly according to one.   
Jesus Christ, do you have to bring politics to every conversation? I GET IT YOU DONT LIKE DONADO TRUMP. 
I had a terrible toothache for a while and it was both intense and long lasting.  I like the philosophy but it DEFINITELY falls down at this point. Suffering is horrific and has no time or intensity limit whatsoever. 
I think he's trying to poke fun at all the titles that start with "Reddit seems to be interested in so and so here's a short vid on it".   
This is the best kind of Reddit comment - thank you! 
I don't think I used the word manipulate properly. More like... take advantage of? I'm thinking from a perspective of corrupt government taking advantage of the fact that people are more concerned about their own happiness to involve themselves in the affairs of politics.   But after a bit more thought it doesn't seem that this philosophy necessarily requires avoidance of anything unpleasant, it can just easily be misused in that way. 
Are not those that accept misery the ones that have to endure it? 
I remember we were watching wolf of wallstreet, the original version of the film. We had a moment to sit down and analyze the characters and understand where they may have gone wrong. I came to the conclusion that people often either intentionally or unintentionally have high hopes upon others for their own happiness. You can't count on others or certain materials to derive to a point of feeling truly happy. Your own happiness, really in my opinion comes from within. Remembering the final scene from the film where the main character *I think played by Charlie Sheen* had turned himself in for the crimes he committed. He realized the life he wanted wasn't really what made him happy. Sheen's life had been filled with individuals who had ulterior motives for their relationships.  That was a nice little in class moment for me. 
Dont take it up as a major.  Unless you want to work in low-mid level sales with people who didnt go to uni, of course.  
You don't have to be inspirational. But people tend to forget in these discussions that happiness is just one potential goal in life, and not necessarily the best one. 
I meant that what he aims to achieve in achieving happiness lacks ambition, rather than what he recommends leaves no scope to be ambitious. What I take from Epicureanism is more how not to be actively unhappy, rather than how to be actively happy.   I always try to actually apply philosophy rather than keeping it abstract and when it applies to myself (the only human experience I have experienced) I guess I am looking for more of a kinetic state of happiness, rather than a static lack of discomfort. I dispute the idea that one can be content by achieving sustenance with occasional indulgence- there is no scope here for anything greater. Whilst Epicurus states that struggle causes suffering, I would posit that achievement in the face of difficulty gives a deep satisfaction which is impossible without something to overcome.  
Oh, interesting. Seems kind of capricious without establishing a lot more foundation.  
That's true, especially since these premises will never reveal an actual conclusion. And you're right, it isn't the scientific method, but it does follow the path of least resistance. Is it more likely that we have a real, billion year old universe or that everything was created last Thursday? Things are _probably_ billions of years old and real. Is it more likely we are completely normal and reality grounded in all aspects except an undetectable "soul" that represents our consciousness past death, or that we simply don't have one and our consciousness ends at death? I think in these situations it is general more beneficial to assume that we don't have the soul because not only will it never be relevant to our lives until after death, it also takes time & thought away from things that are firmly grounded in reality and that we can actually interact with.  
Well yea, how can you prove anything is non-physical scientifically? 
That logic can be exhausted to anything making everything worthless to analyze. If you believe in a soul due to the inability to prove/disprove its existence you might as well believe anything you imagine.  
I just want to say that you have a really cool attitude towards the shittier things on life. I suffer from anxiety on a daily basis and I have to say that the relief felt from having an anxiety attack end is pure bliss.  A lot of the time, when we have to deal with chronic issues, we find ourselves asking why me? Because as you look around, everyone around you seems to be fine and dandy. However, the one thing I've learned is that everyone is going through something.  Be it chronic pain, anxiety, mental illness, or generally anything that takes away from overall life satisfaction.   I think happiness is taking on these problems as a part of this strange journey of life, all while savouring and latching on to those rare but blissful moments of happiness offered to us. 
The comment OP's name is Hoover, who has been dead for decades. It was a play on his username. Cool your jets.  
Fair enough. On mobile so I just saw the video title and watched it and was genuinely interested. Now I feel like and asshole. I am also seemingly interested in the philosophy of feeling like an asshole. 
(Note: this is what I believe Epicurus would say and does not necessarily represent my own views) Trying to make the world a better place is a noble goal, but it's too large a task. It's never ending. While not as vain as pursuing wealth or fame or glory, it is equally unobtainable. Suffering is an inescapable part of life, and it's better to accept pain with the belief that one day life, and therefore suffering, will end.  
Misery is an experiance based on perspective. Do you feel suffering for the cells of your body that die every second? Does a nation feel suffering for the thousands who die in car crashes each year? I think it is our refusal to accept suffering that leads to our misery. 
This seems to boil down to the intrinsic balance of existance. For life, matter, or emotions such as happiness to exisit in an infinite combination of possibilities so also wouldn't there be an infinite possibility of non-existance? The question isn't if the glass is half full or half empty, rather, from what perspective are you observing the glass. 
Or be a lawyer, doctor, professor, or any of the other numerous professions that people with Phil degrees end up with. 
Epicurus would argue that most ambitions (but not all) are unhealthy and an attempt to replace what you are truly missing (e.g friendship, simplicity).   Epicurus occasionally indulged but saved it for special moments. Have you tried avoiding sugar and oily foods for a long time? Your sense of taste changes dramatically. Likewise, changing the environment changes your perception of ambition and happiness.  
I think there is a significant difference between last Thursday and assuming there is a soul. There is plenty of evidence to suggest that the universe is billions of years old. The only evidence to suggest there is no soul is a lack of evidence that a soul exists.   We haven't detected a soul. We haven't detected evidence that it doesn't exist either. Either way you shake it, it's a matter of faith in the unknown.    
My comment was more for if anyone was wondering why the scientific community doesn't weigh in on the subject or why the question is 'beyond science'.  
Interesting.  I have chronic pain that comes in sudden, intense waves, and I agree when they are over I feel a strong relief, peace, and sleepiness. 
It is true that Philosophy is putting a new lens on the way you approach life. In reality, it's just another subject. It's may seem as if you're making an implication to say that you're being a smart asshole, but it doesn't define your cognitive prestige among intellectuals as much as you would think. You just watched a 10 minute video. 
No problem! Unfortunately, a lot of Epicurus's writings have been lost (he was said to be a prolific and active author no less), so I have to work with some of his students teachings like Hermarchus to infer what Epicurus would have responded with. Bear that in mind if we do happen to continue conversation :p  
 By this logic would it not make sense to infer that to make the world a better place one should seek to end suffering by ending all life? 
Thats true. I guess to try and answer your original question, we should accept that we arent and never will be ok. Be ok with not being ok. Only then are we ok 
...after doing a different, actual worthwhile degree lol. 
If there is nothing to suggest there is a soul, why would you put faith in the concept of it? At this point its pure fantasy and does not need to be disproved. 
I could google it, but I'd rather get a more personable definition. So if you don't mind what are cluster headaches? 
We have to define "short." Short as opposed to what? Short according to who?  
Ending all life would end all suffering, yes. But suffering is also easy to endure. The sum of all our joys and pleasure outweighs our fleeting pains. Chronic pains are more dull than acute sharp pains. Epicurus found joy in recalling his philosophical conversations with a friend even while suffering painful kidney stones.  
Yeah potato, sounds simple right? We will never be okay because the cost of birth is death. It seems to me that is the root of all faiths. 
And which BA is the one that nails you every desireable job? Phil degrees are excellent prep for many professions.  By your logic, biology degrees are worthless too. 
Oh, there are plenty of *claims* of evidence, and that's all most wishful thinkers need to accept it. If we're being fair-minded, though, we need to stop with all the "we're in a simulation, we're in a dream, we're actually all immortal space ghosts, we're every life-form there is one at a time, we're every life-form all at once, we're alien experiments, we exist in endless parallel worlds where everything possible to occur has occurred" and other such "the chair isn't real" total nonsense. These are all equally absurd, and though one or the other may be novel and comforting to believe, it's just not logical or realistic in the least, even though one can create a hypothetical reality in which it's true. 
Burden of proof is not part of the scientific method. It's just a practical concern for the scientific community so that they can have productive discourse and spend their time wisely. 
Or they could purchase them and keep them in the freezer. 
 Hmm, so Buddhists are idiots. They would be better served by at minimum promoting birth control. Might be more effective than meditation. If they really had any conviction behind their belief, they should be out mass sterilizing everyone. Eastern religion is at least smart enough to recognize the problem, but still manage to be morons when it comes to enacting a solution. Especially when you stop to consider how many people live in traditionally Buddhist countries. So much for enlightenment. 
They have all kinds at whole foods. Do criminis or portobellos work better? 
I can't speak to microdosing, but I'd say give it a go. PF Tek is the original how to for dummies, and as long as you take care to be sterile it is very straightforward. I wish I had started doing it sooner, fun little project!  
I think you misunderstood me, a soul can also be transferred to any other living being, tho humans are seen as a higher class consciousness wise, after that animals, after that insects. Humans have the ability to choose to step out of samsara by devouting themselves to enlightenment and reaching budhhahood, which usually takes several lifetimes. And should be kind and helpful to any lifeform. Actually their aproach to life is very similar to the philopsophy from the video in my perspective. 
Thanks! I think it's cool the folks who took the time to read it and found it interesting.    I'll definitely keep working on them.  I know lots of folks are way worse off than I am. But we all have our own understanding of what it means to suffer.     It is difficult to discuss this all with folks in real life. So that's kinda why I like reading philosophy. It's offered me different perspectives on what it means to suffer.     Also, I wasn't aware that lsd could treat excema, that's awesome! I really hope this substance is put to good use soon. I am not a hippy or drug guru, but I just think it's awesome it has so many uses in such small doses. Not just the fun trippy side of lsd. Hopefully it will be more available in the future. It's kinda crazy that it's one of the most researched drugs we have and we just don't use it.   
 It just illustrates how poorly thought out such appeals to utilitarianism is. This idea that suffering is easy to endure is only likely to be the case if your experience with suffering is very limited. And his framing of his own personal suffering reflects that which is why he gives himself the luxury of proclaiming that suffering is easy to endure.   It would have been worth testing his resolve when it was those he loved, suffering. Curious how comforting he would have found his philosophy would it have been the children of Metrodorus made to suffer with him as witness. I'm sure that would have been easy for them and him to endure after all. 
 So the solution should be the eradication of life. Ideally by simply sterilizing all of the higher animals that have a greater range of experience when it comes to suffering and exterminating the remaining life that does not experience suffering as we do. Break the wheel. Then no longer will anything ever have to suffer again. 
Yes suffering is relative of course. Some people have it worse some people have it better some have it worse. Understanding and managing your own lows and highs is always helpful.       I wouldn't say it treats eczema, I've just noticed with myself improvement. Eczema can be brought on by physical conditions like weather but also by stress and depressed mood. So during the winter time I can always expect a flare up, but any other time of the year I can usually control it with small doses of LSD which I understand effects the nervous system. Like you, I don't have it down to a science, I just do what works. I really hope sometime in the near future we can stop projecting fear about these drugs and instead promote healthy responsible ways to use them for good. 
Well, I think he's just saying is suffering is either easy or there's death and since 'one should not fear death', then suffering doesn't ever need to be difficult.   It's just about weighing options to alleviate the worst part of any scenario.   Oh, you're in terrible pain? Acute pain is passing. Oh, you're in chronic pain? Chronic pain is dull.  Oh, you're in terrible chronic pain? Kill yourself Oh, you're afraid of dying? There's no point to be afraid.  It's a great philosophy for people not suffering, haha. It's just a formula for reducing virtually any scenario into one where we may achieve or maintain happiness or at least, closure or comfort 
I don't think Buddhists are trying to save the world. Kind of a save-yourself situation right? 
Flipping the board doesn't win you the game, it just means the game will never be completed. 
That level of writing is consistent throughout the New Yorker. It's the only magazine I consistently take time to read, cover to cover, in print.  Note: not friendly to anyone further right than Barack Obama. 
It's important to be skeptical about newly discovered facts. Your friends might be thinking that because it's new there hasn't been time for replicated studies, critical reviews and it is very important to find out where you got the information and also where/how your source got their information from. There's never really new newly discovered facts of life, more like, "Well for now, this is the best evidence we have that suggests etc..."   
The way people confront each other adds to this, people take aggressive umbrage which usually puts people on the defensive . That's why the best way to get someone to re-evaluate their position is to lead them to question their belief themselves. 
I would call that smart. In a sort of egotistical way. I mean we arent ants, we are mainly concerned with our own interests first, and others interests second. And it works fine. Until inequality comes into play like rich vs poor. Luckily the poor did in the past kill the rich when they were fed up and the cycle continued. All we can hope is the same is true still even with modern weapons. And that the rich will look after their own interests and not want to die. Not that I want to kill anybody. But if we dont get bread and potatoes anymore... I donno what do you think would happen?  
A parroted talking point you commonly hear on reddit is "Watch a lot of news from different perspectives"  Which is BS.  Without proper reasoning skills, different perspectives just muddy the waters and an individual is worse off than when they started. 
Well I put my trust in the system of determining facts that has brought us technology, if not for it's understandability across largely unrelated fields or it's reproducibility at the manufacturing level, then because I have lots of fun with it. 
I don't remember the article listing the actual elements tested, but there are a lot of interesting parts that can be missed. Just because you know what parts are in the toilet doesn't mean you understand the functions and principles involved. That's exactly the problem they are trying to explain in the article. I'm not doubting your ability or testing your knowledge, I'm just pointing out that some people may have never looked inside a toilet bowl, or looked at a cut out to understand how the trap works. 
fry_squint.jpg  Not sure if serious, or joking meta-commentary on article...  
To ellaborate on #2, another point was that it was a way of ensuring that others weren't taking advantage by not doing or taking more than their fair share. As a result, people evolved to be critical of opposing arguments, but this did not translate into the ability to be self-critical 
Google "mercier selective laziness of reasoning". It's a 15 page pdf (about 4 google results down) of the study in detail 
The article postulates an evolutionary mechanism for irrationality in general.  
I assume you are en expert in scientific bias. What bias did you detect? You didn't mention it or provide any evidence, which is weird, because clearly you are an expert and not just a triggered right winger.  
I swear if you watch enough animal cruelty videos and read some cool health facts, you'll go vegetarian at the least, no matter how resistant to the idea might be.  
I don't give most people even this much credit actually.  I don't think people actually rationalize what they are saying, to determine whether they truly believe they are correct or that the other person is incorrect.   I think most people choose a side based on a gut feeling, which is largely driven by biases (racism, lifestyle, family, geography, socio-economic status, etc.), and then defend those positions based on gut feeling ("this person is saying I'm stupid. I am angry."). No matter what you say, they see the act of disagreeing with them as a personal attack.  Simply put, we agree that people are very stupid. I think they are even dumber than you think.  
Me too. I read this great quote in Marcus Aurelius' *Meditations* today that may help guide us.   "Remember that to change thy opinion and to follow him who corrects thy error is as consistent with freedom as it is to persist in thy error." 
The writing was great, but it frustrated me that all her examples were against Republicans. It's clear that the NYer is mostly read by Democrats, and by not including an example of a bias Dems hold that is untrue, an average reader may mistakenly conclude that this bias doesn't affect them 
Actually they're not on reddit but they do ask for sources. Then when I provide them it gets awkward 'cause they realise they might have to get off their ass and read something.  
lpt: don't call someone or thing 'puny' unless you're an ogre or an amazon.  
Personality politics is poisonous. I honestly don't know why we have one person running for office when you're actually voting for the party. If we had a senate running the show instead of one person, I think it would filter a lot of the bullshit out. 
I know you're right, but I can't bring myself to stroke people's egos (apart from my own from time to time). It's always bothered me because I'm the exact opposite. If someone shares something they've just learnt with me, I'll usually react like 'wow, that's interesting', then go research. I find out soon enough whether or not it's true. But if I share  something I've just learnt with certain people, most of the time their reaction is, 'what?! You mean I have to correct something I previously thought was true to be false? I don't think so'. I know I shouldn't look it at like that but it's hard not to. 
Eh, depends on the subject. There are a lot of rather deep mathematics that I understand, but have difficulty in explaining to others in a way they can relate to. The same would be true of any sufficiently complex subject. 
People have a bias against legalizing marijuana and taxing businesses.  
It all comes down to the quality and depth of the information presented. If you get a well-written, thorough piece of information (with evidence and sources, such as the linked article)--one for each perspective--it beats the "information exhaustion" you mention. We are now being bombarded with a lot of instant pieces, that unfortunately lack substance, evidence and, worst of all, sometimes works like the broken telephone game (according to this site, which quoted this other, which cited this other in part, from a person that overheard someone talking to other...). 
Rather than putting blind trust into some vague, not very rigid system, it would be better really to just get a decent grasp on basic statistics, enough to understand what constitutes good testing methodologies and what doesn't, and base your belief in any given fact on something with a real basis to be determining likelihoods. 
No, not everyone agrees. And that's the point they were making. It may be a very small minority of people who think evolution isn't real, that's still NOT everyone agreeing. 
Gravity is a fact, is it not? Something is causing things to fall! That "my phone is grey" is a fact. If I take two strings, one shorter than the other, the shorter will vibrate with a higher fundamental frequency than the shorter. There are a lot of facts that are facts. 
If you think the scientific soundness of the fact of vaccines' safety is equivalent to the 'fact' of evolutionary psychology you would be mistaken 
This is rediculous we still very much defined by our biology our brains have certain structures that behave certain ways. Why would you share an emotional bond? Wouldn't being able to form emotional bonds with people help survive now and millions of years ago? I think it's hubris to assume that human behavior can be explained without referring to why we evolved certain brain structures to do certain things that inevitably effect human perspective. 
Replace? What functionality do we miss when it is gone? Zero. Nothing. It doesn't need to be replaced. It is completely fictitious. Not a little, but everything about it.   All it is is filling in the gaps of our understanding (of continuation of behavior over generations), with fictitious thought experiments presented as facts. It's borrowing the credibility of 'evolution theory' in order to stay out of critique's way. Since when does 'that sounds plausible' became enough to be considered factual, since never.    
... AND engages in wild speculation on what experiments the scientists will do next!  If was printed even once that is a waste of ink. 
She's a Pulitzer-winning journalist writing an article that's relevant to a number of issues in philosophy.  
They used right wing ideas every time when describing some thought that needed to be changed. I'm not going to remember them all, but,"if we all now dismiss as unconvincing any information that contradicts our opinion, you get, well, the trump administration", "these days it can feel as if the entire country has been given over to a vast psychological experiment being run ether by no one or Steve bannon", and they use the following phrase (supposedly to describe error on both sides but actually showing their bias) "it feels good to stick to our guns even if we are wrong" 
We use self-deception to some degree all the time.  
Unfortunately I've watched many,.Yet I still adore meat in general. I think the backfire effect has a point here. I'll admit that I'm cruel and don't care about animal's right, or specism in a sense. 
This is a great reason to cease conversation with someone if they call you stupid, or resort to personal attacks at all.  If you only interact with people who can offer calm, reasoned arguments, then you don't get triggered into a hate-fest so easily.    The weakness of my approach is that, if you're trying to get someone to recognize their own racism or sexism, that itself will be seen as a personal attack, and thus provide an excuse for them to opt out of the discussion.    I've found it very difficult for people to recognize their racism or sexism, because to them those are just insults, and can't be honest assessments of their own beliefs.   Only bad people are racists or sexists, and I'm not a bad person, so you must just be trying to insult me.     
I meant more like actual people. Not the lizard shapeshifters.  
Because "their guy: gets them "their money".who cares what he says or believes so long as he is sending some of the prok back home from washington 
Depends - intra-tribe continuity is essential to survival, when you have inter-tribe competition for scarce resources. A tribe with beliefs that lead to less-effective survival methods in their environment may still out-perform a tribe with more-effective beliefs if they have a more-effective beliefs in other (relevant) areas.  Since beliefs are passed 'down' to progeny, and 'across' to tribemates, as well as 'against', to rivals/enemies (through warfare, i.e. a tribe that can more successfully conscript tribe members into a fighting force can coerce tribes that it makes war against into doing the same thing), and there are a huge variety of factors that influence a group's "success", and of course methods and even *definitions* of success may differ widely, there's not usually an easy answer, although it is really interesting to speculate upon the possibilities! 
There is a big difference between accepting any information you see on the internet as true and trying to seek multiple credible sources and opinions to form his own opinion, you are mixing up both 
Can you give an example of rigid morality in the face of overwhelming evidence? I'm trying to think of which moral claims are based on empirical claims and would therefore even be subject to any change based on "evidence". 
The slopes usually are slippery. It's used to discredit arguments far too often.  
I realized this is posted in /r/Philosophy, so I can get more technical.   What The Gorman's are doing from the perspective of the existentialist philosopher is trying to force people into a situation of Bad Faith towards science.   That is rather than making decisions for themselves based off their own values (even if those deicisons are wrong) they are trying to convince people to defer their own judgement based off the reality that their judgment HAS to be biased due to confirmation bias.  First of all this is hypocritical because The Gormans (I hate to keep singling them out because this is an attitude shared by many intellectuals) are necessarily vulnerable to this same bias.   Besides that, however, the situations carries all the negative implications bad faith carries in any existentialist context, so even absent the hypocrisy, it is still unethical to tell people what to believe just because you feel you are less biased. 
She was a die hard Christian who would question my morality if I brought up any deep conversation about science. This is mainly what I'm referring to.  
Good examples - if you were a woman, or a gay man, or of a racial or religious minority here, I'd say that there's a block of people who really have it out for you and whom you might fairly consider enemies.  But judging by your post record, I get the idea that you're not among one of those groups.   I know that there's more than enough irrational hatred out there. My question was directed specifically to how *you* managed to have enemies.  
this could be true, and i don't proclaim to have all the answers, but i think the cases of people contradicting their beliefs in the ways you mentioned may just be that their beliefs aren't as strong as their desire to indulge in things that go against their beliefs. you might love animals, but you might love burgers more, and that's ok. knowing something is against your beliefs and doing it anyway is kind of a human condition. i think, though, if one of your very core beliefs actually was that it's never ok to harm animals you'd probably be a vegan.  
you're right, my gun control example was considering the issue from a strictly democratic point of view. my point was that everyone has a set of general core beliefs that inform all of their other opinions, and that their opinions on specific issues will not change unless their core beliefs are altered. for the pro-gun communist, the core belief is unadulterated power to the proletariat as a collective. it's a much more nuanced view of collectivism because it places a specific adversary (the bourgeois) which it must be constantly ready to combat by any means necessary ahead of a general goal (public safety and well-being) like you might see in a democratic society.   
i agree that there are exceptions. i even said that in my opinion neither is particularly correct, which implies that i fall somewhere in between and embrace some aspects of both. however, i still believe that for the majority (i don't think egoist communists will be a majority any time soon) they fall on one side or another and will form opinions based on that, or at the very least people have a set of general beliefs that inform their opinions on specific issues, and they won't be convinced on specific issues by any amount of empirical evidence unless their core beliefs change. i didn't mean to make my post specifically about collective and individual beliefs, rather to use that one as an example of a common spectrum upon which many, but not all, people fall.  
A conservative is a liberal who has been robbed, etc.  I agree, but rather I do not think the transition is automatic and smooth. As people attempt to integrate new experiences into their frame work there is still a chance they will cling to old belief.  If the contradiction is small they might carve out an individual exception. Which is not unreasonable, very few "rules" have no exception.  If the contradiction is larger then a handful of events they may instead simply hold both experiences at once. A state of cognative dissonance can be held for a long time passively by simply refusing to look at the dissonance, or it can be actively maintained but the energy needed to hold it together can be siphoned from high emotion states: fear, anger, righteousness, etc.  So even experience based learning is a gamble. I'm pretty sure the article says something to that affect. I should go read it now... 
the great american question: exactly where does this balance fall? which rights and freedoms do we allow the collective to curtail for public safety and well-being, and which ones do we afford to the individual regardless? it's the best point of view, i think. both need the other to survive properly, but is the balance 60/40 or 70/30? is social welfare too far? is strict gun control too far? what about the patriot act? these are all points of debate, and i think your answers just depend on how much power you want to give over to the collective and how much you want to keep for the individual. it's more of a spectrum than an absolute. for someone who says we shouldn't have social welfare and we shouldn't have strict gun laws but the patriot act is ok, i'd say they're not being intellectually honest and that they're operating more out of fear than any specific ideology or consistent belief system.  
What does "leftist" mean in concerns to gun rights? In the USA, they tend to be anti-gun but then you take a country like Switerland or a left leaning country like Austria with very high gun ownership and incredibly easy access to firearms and it's not even a point of debate in politics at all. 
Collectivism at it's root is the belief in statistical based systems superiority over narrative based system.  There is no guarantee that any given statistical model is "the truth", but we know that narrative based systems are inherently flawed.   The problem is also that people keep trying to re-brand narrative based ideas as statistical rooted ones. The find the story and then try to find the statistics. 
I think you misunderstood my position because statistics is only one part along with physics, formal logic and ultimately pure mathematics, axioms and philosophy making the skeleton of the system 'rigid'  But this isn't how far the average person needs to understand the system to trust that it does indeed work. 
Well it's true. I don't think all human behaviour can be explained by it, but a lot of it can, yes. It's only natural as we evolved that way, but we still possess the agency to go against our nature. History has shown that, I think. Perhaps there is an explanation for those things too though, I wouldn't be sure. 
Well, it's hard to argue with that, because we certainly do have these inclinations. But then also, depending on one's personality, these inclinations might not exist for someone at all, even though I'd usually think that they're ingrained before our personality takes hold.   Either way, maybe I just wasn't looking at it from the right perspective. It's not really about free will vs. biology that way, I suppose. 
Yep, people are downvoting you but evolutionary psych is a joke. They don't present facts, just narrative. You can twist hunter-gatherer stories to explain any psychological finding, but they don't have a lot of predictive value, and they're not really falsifiable. So it's interesting stuff for newspapers to write about but it's only loosely based in science. 
I didn't read the whole thing because I came up with the "humans don't really care what they think because social glue is what matters" realization a long time ago.   Did he have a ridiculous idea for an experiment?  
Simply put, conservative means 'not accepting of new ideas,' and liberal means 'tolletant of new ideas.'  It's not a bias in the research.  
Well Yea, we are defending our identity all the time. We become identified and ego attached to all aspects of life. The best soft drink, global warming, the best car maker, etc. These things become a part of this idea of "who I am", and hence we will defend them against anything that threatens these beliefs and ideas. 
May you address this research you are talking about?  
Hmm. Well maybe they caused me to think more critically or to think more differently and question the system more. I don't know how it becomes more tolerable though, because certain things always make me cringe out of my skin. Take 2girls1cup for instance. Never quite got completely desensitized to it hahah 
No he doesn't. Their guy gets the small percentage of them their money the rest refuse to admit they were wrong because of the reason in this article. He is their candidate so if he is wrong out horrible then they were wrong to support him.  
The best lack all conviction, while the worst   Are full of passionate intensity.  -Yeats 
The rapid shift to gay acceptance in America and the West shows that social progress can be accelerated without die-off. 
I'm not mixing up either. My point is some people will accept information from dubious sources simply because it confirms what they believe. Their argument is that they are the ones that accept new information (because their position is the less popular one). 
Not all evidence is empirical, and most philosophers hold that moral evidence won't be empirical. 
By what metric? The Wikipedia editor's? Yours? Not mine, because I think no fallacy needs to be 100% wrong all the time to be a fallacy that's wrong enough of the time for inclusion on a list of bad logical tropes. 
The point about sociability is interesting. As this whole thing isn't about establishing facts, it's about persuading others to believe in your facts, and the reason they often can't or won't. Which are the same reasons why we feel compelled to persuade them in the first place. We need to agree and be agreed with both.  
Probably because science is a blight on the human race that has robbed mankind of objective meaning; leaving him bare and in a constant state of existential dread towards the inevitable permanent death.   
I'd argue as it pertains to this subject, the idea you get isn't important. The idea I get will inform the facts I believe. You still don't get it. It's an enemy because you think it's an enemy. The object is the idea.  
The difference is in numbers. If the people really did revolt, the bourgeoisie wouldn't be able to fight a well armed populace.  However, if only the well-off have access to weapons, a revolution would be destroyed immediately. 
I think I get what you're saying, I may just be taking issue with presenting it as taking stances within binaries. I do think you have a pretty solid point in that a lot of people base there views on what can often be boiled down to a few key viewpoints upon which the rest is built. 
The US does not have a sizable leftist population. The Democratic Party is not a leftist party in any general sense.  
Point taken, but the earth being curved can be observed by anyone. You just have take the time to observe it. You could even get a rough estimated measurement of its diameter if you wanted. 
Species changing over time is a fact and evolution explains that mechanism 
You are right, I should have said evolution by natural selection. 
You're assuming these same people have any knowledge about Crimea and Sevastopol.  
Because psychology as a whole is not a very clear-cut science, it just happens that evolutionary psychology is on it's fringes (or frontier depending on how you look at it) rather than it's core. I guess I'm still thinking on one line in the article that it's advantageous in terms of exploration to not fully know why people believe certain things, but eventually it'll work itself out because science. 
Mmm, see I have an issue with calling it "not science". Much of the fringe theoretical physics is not testable as well. But in time it will become testable, I feel the same can be said of evo-psych.  It is "immature science". Eventually we will have the tools and data to create real experiments and can glean real results. You would not call a toddler "not human" because it cannot do formal reasoning. 
I don't really mind it being brought up either (at least its legitimate incarnations; pop-evo is the worst), but I don't really know how often it's necessary or even really very helpful.  
We weren't talking about the experiments, those seem quite good.  We were referencing the author being skewed.  Which just seems funny because of what the article espouses. 
one could argue that enough die off had already occurred that nascent acceptance finally found delayed political voice 
If that's true, what does this even mean: "the effect goes a long way to explain the rigidity of social morality, even in the face of overwhelming evidence"? 
I think the slippery slope fallacy has, in fact, almost always been right.   There has never been a point in history where a group of people has said "this is enough, I am happy." 
I can't remember who said it, but "if you can't explain it to a 5 year old, you don't really understand it".  (Or something like that) 
I don't mean any offense by this - but that explanation sounds like pseudo-intellectual nonsense, and I have no idea what you're trying to say. Simplify it for me please.  And what do you mean by "which facts [you] believe?" 
Sure--tax cuts for everyone.  Wealthy people are a subset of everyone. 
Domesticated animals don't necessarily suffer more than wild animals.  I'd argue that domesticated animals probably suffer less over the course of their life, if they're kept well.  There aren't many quick, relatively painless deaths in the wild.  I do agree that factory farming does introduce possible hypocrisy when people who eat the meat claim to be animal lovers. 
Yeah, rich people with $20,000 shotguns won't really size up well with millions of poor people with Glocks and AR-15s.  
What do you personally think those views that act as pivot points or early diversions in one direction or another are?  Do you think they are consistent across a population / culture or do you think they are more specific to the individual but follow general patterns (or not)? 
i think you're begging the question. you're starting off with the viewpoint that collectivism is negative and then using that stance to justify why using the word collectivism is negative. i don't think it's necessarily a negative word at all. it just outlines the belief that the group as a whole has the power to exert its will over a given individual in a specific case. the criminalization of theft and murder are collectivist policies in that the collective is exerting over the individual its will to protect lives and personal property. i think in this case collectivism is fine and totally positive.  
Actually no. The earths surface is so large that it appears flat to the human eye even from the highest of mountains. What you observe is the height of the sun at zenith from different latitudes. From this observable fact the round spaceball theory can be deduced. This is and the round shaddow of the earth on the lunar surface are in fact the only observations that can be made by a person from the surface of the earth without shiny and modern equipment. From this the ancients calculated the shape and size of the earth to 99.8% of our modern measurments. 
The way I understand the terminology is that "evolution" is the word *for* the changes species undergo over time. Which is something factual which we observe.  Mutation, natural selection, and so on are the proposed mechanisms for how evolution might (probably does) occur. Those mechanisms can't be "facts" by the above poster's standards.  *(Although I'd argue that here we're entering a grey area where some explanations approach the same level of "factuality" as observed phenomena)* 
I think there is an important difference between *ignoring* and *disagreeing*. Who is more prone to discover that there are facts that should not be facts anymore? People who are ignoring everything else, or people who consider them from time to time?  There is so much going on in science today that is reconsidered. I don't know much about it, but quantum mechanics is quite the "fact destroyer". (I think) 
I'm really only assuming that they had been exposed to the headlines (not even the articles, really) that the questionnaire was in relation to.  That doesn't seem like an unreasonable level of knowledge to hope for in someone who then goes on to back military intervention :-/ 
I am sorry but I still have no idea what your point is.  
No idea; different poster and I wasn't attempting to make sense of that part of their post. 
I was simply pointing out that to believe someone is the enemy is often enough to make them so.  
What do you say to the point that this is not beneficial for society? Potentially, a wealthy family could make more than the US gov't for instance. Too much concentrated wealth raises the risk of capital flight from our country. What do you say to that?    
I agree with that.  My wife always gets mad at me when I remind her we are eating dead cow.  She tries to place this mental block that they food is something other than what it is. I think it is important to acknowledge what our food is and where it comes from. 
Oh jeez, that's a pretty big question and I'm afraid I don't have a good answer to it. I mean I guess one key thing people take some form of stance on is the legitimacy and/or extent of property rights. What do you think? 
You are conflating what is "good" public policy with what is constitutional. 
It's just my experiences in the real world outside of intellectual circles. I Google the word and I find several Libertarian definitions and one from the Ayn Rand school of thinking. I think she wrote a book on the subject? I never did read it as I hated her writing style.  
I would agree with that!  But I didn't mean "moral" as "morally good", but as "pertaining to it's moral character" - and specifically concerning its epistemic makeup and not so much outcomes or uses. I think that how we know, how we arrive at conclusions and what status we give to our knowledge is becoming an essential component of collective life - and an (idealized) scientific process embraces values and modes of conduct (a specific morality that embraces the elements I mentioned earlier) that could work as a model for other domains.  
Oh I know. It's a terribly low bar to clear and pretty unerving. I was merely commenting on your statment that they should be able to infer that Ukraine has a coastline due to its proximity to Crimea. Well...that'd require them to know that Crimea has a coastline which unfortunately is not agiven. 
I'm simultaneously calling the principles of psychology as much bullshit (relatively\*) as evolutionary psychology and that evolutionary psychology *must be* a biological fact even if we can only bullshit as to why most of it is.   *It's all more about justified belief than verified fact. 
You're probably only familiar with what he's saying, and don't really understand it. 
Agreed. At least - it's enough to make you *their* enemy. If they don't reciprocate the hatred, though, calling them *your* enemy is hollow.   What makes you think other people have it out for you in that way? 
I'm not here to argue about whether or not it's good or bad.  I'm just saying you can call it what you like and I don't see a reason anyone should squirm because they can call it what they like and either one is accurate.  I could even go with "tax cuts for the poor" were I so inclined. 
Yeah, I'm not knocking anyone here who has any inconsistent views. I know I have plenty of them. It's just that these inconsistencies make me view belief systems as more of a web than a hierarchical structure. Of course, there is plenty of debate to be had here. It is after all one of the more famous philosophical debates. 
I believe you have done that actually.    To say that the Founders already answered these questions so we don't have to is to put the cart ahead of the horse, to say we don't need to ask that question any longer because it is already answered.  What is in the Constitution is not static, it is subject to change and has within it mechanisms to allow this (Judicial interpretation along with the Amending process).    The question of what is good public policy is more important than the question of what is constitutional, though a conflict isn't necessary it also isn't a significant problem.  Where we find the Constitution lacking we are well within our rights to change it; there's little reason for a document from centuries past to hamstring our ability to govern ourselves.   
yeah if you're reading libertarian literature of course collectivism is a 4-letter word. it's literally everything they're against. the argument shouldn't be whether collectivism is good or bad, but how much of it we need and where we should curb it. you may view it as a necessary evil, or you may welcome it as a tool for limiting societal chaos, but either way we need some of it so as to not descend into anarchy and we need to curb it so as to not end up slaves to the state. 
I know, it's just that (in my mind) the absolute, most rudimentary understanding is that Russia wants the port in Crimea. There's a lot more to know, there always is, but (in my mind) almost any article from any source with any purpose or any bias will lay out that basic info either implicitly or explicitly. I mean, it's pretty hard to have missed terms like *Black Sea* or *warm water* or *Crimean Peninsula*.  So I was saying, apparently naively, that if you'd managed to avoid knowing even that much then you couldn't have a clue whether or not you supported military intervention because at that point you are essentially supporting intervention in Latveria.  Which, depressingly, leads me to conclude it would be easy to garner support for intervention in Latveria. Oh well. 
Why 'must' evolutionary psychology be a fact though? How do the mating patterns of my ancestors determine my political preferences?  
You may be familiar to your wife, but your mistress understands. 
Well then we're in agreement, shortly my behavior will be enough to convince them I'm an enemy. Reversed:  their behavior would convince me.   As such the object is the idea. The objective fact of being an enemy is contained (in part) within the idea that someone is an enemy. That was my only point.  
It doesn't benefit the poor or middle class. That is why I call it what it is, tax cuts for the wealthy. 
I fundamentally disagree with everything you have said. The constitution sets forth the first principles upon which our republic operates. There is a set process for amending it when it no longer serves its ends. However, this process has been short-circuited via "judicial interpretation" such that major policy questions are now decided by 9 unelected judges  rather than the democratic process.  The whole POINT of the constitution is to "hamstring" the government's ability to govern because individual rights is more important that "sound" public policy.  
Ah, ok I can absolutely see where you're coming from now. It would be hilarious to try and rally support to defend Latveria and see how many people fall for it. I'd say good amount would if we had a decently designed "news" website. 
they don't but given your beliefs, collectively lead you to actions, your biases and your decisions will determine if you mate or not. if our mind is in any way effected or affected by our biology, then evolution working on our biology can affect our minds.  now, that's not to say anything specific, and I agree that the narrative format is bullshit and can easily be used to portray bad ideas as good ideas, but the idea that evolution changed how humans worked, mentally isn't a silly one. 
Have you thought about, maybe, not doing that? As an alternative, you can go and connect with people. You know, make allies and friends out of 'em. 
I wonder what combination of intoxicant and location yields perspectivists.   
If I'm drunk and someone asks me whether I'd flip a switch, my response would be: "Dude, I'm drunk. I probably wouldn't be able to find the darned switch." 
Contrary to common sense, a lot of people think that things that are the best for everyone are callous and cold. People believe that *they* deserve special treatment and to be exceptions to the rules. When they are told that they are not an exception and that the rules are working as intended, they say "how can you be so cold?"  Don't believe me? Look at what people say about taxes and healthcare.  
I'd say the utilitarian choice is usually the obvious one, and it takes some mental gymnastics to reach a more philosophical idea. Drunk people can't do these gymnastics. 
It's a philosophy of ethics for determining, when you're given a list of possible actions, which action is morally the best one.   In utilitarianism, you attempt to measure the goodness of the outcome of each action and pick the action that leads to the most good. (Eg. 1 dead is better than 5 dead, so kill the one guy to save the others)  In contrast, deontologism says that you should have established rules of behavior before hand (eg. Never kill) and choose the action that obeys your rules (eg. Don't kill the one guy. Let the other 5 die) 
Most people over 18 in France will have done part or all of their final year of high school, which includes compulsory philosophy classes. So theoretically, everyone questioned will have studied at least some philosophy (although the drinking age is hardly ever enforced in France). 
Not entirely wrong, but there are times when utilitarianism would lead us to uncomfortable conclusions and deontology preserves more comfortable moral intuitions (just like the reverse is also sometimes the case). Some of the classic examples are things like the Trolly problem, or incest/necrophilia, or eating one's dead cat, or something along those lines. Most of us have strong intuitions that these things are wrong, but a utilitarian can't condemn people who engage in these activities if they're utility maximizing (and we assume that they are because nobody is harmed, or, in the case of the Trolly experiment, more people are benefited than are harmed). 
Yes, I prefer a mixed utilitarian/deontological ethics, where a few fundamental deontological rules provide constraints for the utilitarian calculus. Constrained optimization problems are both easier to solve and less likely to produce absurd solutions. 
Immanuel Kant was a real pissant who was very rarely stable; 
But Utilitarianism, here, is being described as "cold[ly] logic[al]," so the decisions made when our cognitive faculties that deal with logic and reasoning are impaired would not be examples of utilitarian thinking. 
But if I'm presented with the same situation, except that the 5 people were 5 crash test dummies, it seems obvious that I have a moral obligation to flip the switch. So it doesn't seem true in general that I can maintain moral neutrality by ignoring the situation and walking away. Do you disagree? 
Gravity causing things to fall is also embraced by drunks, as their numerous experiments in the gutter have shown. This is not damning evidence that gravity is wrong.  This result does not mean utilitarianism is wrong, merely that drunk people are more utilitarian. 
Weed, couch:  If I put my hands out like this they're huge. If I bring them up to my face like this they're huger! What? 
This may be a bit off point but there was a whole marvel story arc about Dr.Doom finding a crossover between universes that was able to grant him his deepest desire. The whole way through the story you think it is to get rid of Mr fantastic. Right at the last moment he wishes to be guilt free. So that he is able to , in his eyes, make the decisions necessary to make the world a better place. 
Would you call him an enlightened despot?  He could still achieve utilitarian ends  ;) 
I edited my comment, since I looked up the article and it turns out that I was mistaken 
These people all need to play the law ending of SMTIV, where at the last second you're informed that you have to die too for the greater good, with literally the flat phrase of you not being an exception coldly told to you, but it shows you accepting it with a blank face because you (in game) understand the hypocrisy of complaining about it.  The series in general shows exactly how bent out of shape people get about utilitarian reasoning when put onto large scales, even if they profess to understanding it on small scales. 
Most utilitarians wouldn't see that as "the logical next step" since it involves giving a huge amount of power to doctors, and power corrupts. One would assume that the overall outcome would be worse and therefore that is definitely not the utilitarian choice.  That is taking a utilitarian evaluation of a simple situation and then using the rules of virtue ethics when applying it to a complex situation. 
Can you give an example where it might break down in your opinion?  For example with the doctor's surgery I would argue it has greater utility to prevent random patients being sacrificed because people would live in fear. 
But how would deontologism work for the train track example?  Those choose to do nothing so 5 innocents die, isn't that the same kind of death for the 1 person?  Either way you have performed an action (saying 'lack of action' is an action here). 
Ehh.  Not really. I think your conclusions about utilitarians being ok with those things is probably off the mark. There are good consequentialist reasons for not eating dead cats, fucking corpses, etc. Namely, you'll get a disease and die. Or you'll get discovered and lose your friends and family. Or you'll go to prison, or sent to an insane asylum.  Those are all sufficiently negative outcomes to generally recommend against eating/fucking dead things for purely utilitarian/consequentialist reasons.   
The person is most certainly not missing there.  It's precisely the personal (the effect of the many to be saved) that drive this conclusion.   In deontology, you might say "it is always right to sacrifice one to save many", **that's** impersonal.   The utilitarian, "sacrifice one if the net happiness is greater to others" only sacrifices one in virtue of "the personal" argument.   Of course both can be subject to anti killing measures, just sticking with your example.   
You kill the three and look away. I mean, it's not an 'easy' choice, but then it's not even really a choice in my opinion.  
I'm just curious how you propose to determine the value of each of the lives involved. 
Someone defining their reasoning as cold isn't what's being asked. Its about whether its cold in practice. 
I've spoken to a cold, drunk logician, he says that the cognitive faculties of our brain that deal with utilitarianism are impaired, and that this is not an example logic and reasoning. 
Your comparison with gravity is questionable. Obviously gravity operates on drunk persons, and to that extent they are forced to accept its reality (though after a certain amount of intoxication, a drunk person may be unable to follow or answer any questions posed about the reality of gravity, though they will nonetheless fall down under its effects). But it's different when we ask a drunk person to engage in high-level reasoning. Here we are asking drunk people to make judgment calls based on a series of questions. Drunkenness inhibits reasoning, it doesn't enhance it. That people with inhibited reasoning are consistently coming to results at odds with those of sober persons does indeed cast some doubt on their conclusion. It doesn't mean utilitarianism is wrong, of course. But it certainly doesn't help credit their utilitarian conclusion, as many in this thread seem to think. 
But like, its wrong to have big hands sometimes cause maybe you have snacks and your hands are more bigger than the opening of the snack box and then they don't fit inside the snacks and now you can't get snacks.  D: 
I don't know that it's common sense. Not acting would also be a very popular answer, and probably way more common in practice.  
That's a pretty intense wish. Hopefully he's as smart as he thinks he is. Having no guilt doesn't help if you aren't smart enough to make the right decisions in the first place.  Yeah you're good, this is very relevant to the subject and pretty cool. 
Have you heard any arguments regarding rape culture that weren't solely based on inebriation? 
Now I'm confused: I understand consequentialism, but I would have thought that someone doing what they believe is "morally" right is following rules (moral rules). So I would have equated virtue ethicist and deonotologist.  If a person is doing what they think is morally right and their moral guidance doesn't come from either moral rules or consequences, what does it come from? 
I don't know what game you are abbreviating. I'm gonna guess it stands for "Super Mario: The Invention of Virtue" 
Well I wasn't talking about "The Trolley Problem" which you brought up in your example. My example involved people not being exceptions to established rules that benefit everyone. You are attempting to transpose my comments on this behavior to a much different one.   "The Trolley Problem", where one person must choose between allowing multiple people to die through inaction, or causing one one person to die through taking action, is based on the incorrect idea that inaction and action are not both actions. It's an artificial idea that "choosing not to act" is not a choice that comes with responsibility. But this is really a separate issue than what this thread is about.  
Or in other words "teenager that just read watchmen" utilitarianism. 
Then regardless of how utilitarian they are they don't understand how evolution works. 
What if we don't broaden it to all doctors, but just you? You have all the medical knowledge to perform all the surgeries you need. The healthy one would die if you would chose to save the five others. Would you, personally, do it? 
It breaks down when you eventually realize the only thing stopping genocide and slavery from being morally right in a utilitarian framework is your ability to judge how effective they will be in maximizing utility. More matters than just outcomes. 
It seems like, *even if we stipulate that there are no negative consequences*, (say, you won't get corpse AIDs from digging up grandma and giving her a go) most people still think that there's something intuitively wrong about it. My point is only that people have general intuitions of rightness and wrongness that at least *might* not be entirely captured by utilitarian accounts, and that these are sources of potential discomfort with utilitarian logic. I'm not saying that utilitarianism is wrong on these accounts or can't *practically* explain why certain practices are bad (e.g., don't do necrophilia b/c disease), but that we seem to keep our intuitions even if we stipulate controls for these consequences. 
The personal is why nobody wants to push the fat man.  Ethics do not scale very well.   
Yes, it wouldn't be one of the great philosophical questions of all time if the logical answer was simply about numbers. 
And that's the cold logic part. Also personally I may make myself watch as it was my decision that effectively damned them. Just me though. 
I see, I see. I can see where coming from on that one. 
It's usually the language that is used, but not necessarily practiced. It's also, incidentally, the language used in almost any political debate in the U.S.   
Man like maybe hold the box closer and your hand further away so then the box is bigger than your hand. 
I'm sure all kinds of different things would happen in practice, but the way the scenario is presented we have no factors or anything besides the number of people who would live or die. Would anyone reading this tell me why they would choose the smaller amount of people to live? I just don't see sober people answering much differently. 
That's the premise, but in the train scenario we aren't given details to really emotionally attach to, it's just two quantities of people that can be saved. I'm arguing that sober people are also utilitarian enough to mostly want to save the group and that the scenario could have been better if it wanted to appeal to our sentiments. 
Care to elaborate? Any hard-set stance can lead to problems, but with the limited information given for this specific scenario where does it fall apart? 
I don't know I think people care less about others when they are drunk. 
The utilitarian answer can be wrong, in this scenario though it isn't. 
There was a really good thing they did with the story as well. He had hired this team of Z list super villains to help him. Regularly they would get into near death scenarios, but he would only help one. (I can't remember her power but she was based around a snake.) She was also completely capable on her own. It gets to the point where he is granted his wish. And after she asks why he doesn't get rid of MrF. He explained why (how it won't be a good victory. How he has greater needs. Blah blah blah.) Then he says that's why I brought you. You who base their image around a snake, the sign of temptation. I was tempted to remove mrf from existence but you being here reminded me of what my true mission was. 
If I were seriously drinking, I'd be like, 'Fuck you, and fuck your switch. Get your days outta my week!' 
You bring up good subjects, but casting all these things as "flaws" makes it clear you are relying on some other system of ethics you consider correct to make the comparison.  For example the mere addition paradox assumes that "X is better than Y" is transitive, which is a large assumption to make.  Yes, if you compare utilitarianism to another system of ethics it will not be exactly the same. It will certainly contradict moral intuitions because human moral intuitions are completely inconsistent and self-contradictory. If you accept some other system as true then you'll call those differences "flaws". 
That's a good question. So for whatever reason there are no higher order concerns, no precedent setting, etc.  Now it's just a restatement of the fat man variant of the trolley problem. So yes, you should do it. Inaction kills 5, action kills 1. Your ape brain heuristics don't work this way, they have useful biases surrounding inaction and guilt, so this will be difficult for a normal person to do and would require some level of moral courage. 
Can you show an example of that though?  Like what sort of a decision would a utilitarian make to cause that? 
Its not really that great a question. Pretty much all ethicists (~80%) either agree that switching is correct, or at worst that the thought experiment is ill suited to be an example of real thinking (~10%).  
Chances are, each of them would've done the same if you traded places. I wouldn't watch.  
I agree wholeheartedly with the first sentence, but not at all with the second. 
Now we have gigantic snacks!! My mouth isn't big enough 
The problem is that there is a more important general rule, namely "if someone isn't doing something wrong, it is wrong to punish him so that people who are doing something wrong can evade the consequences of their actions". Basically, shoving someone off a bridge to save five people who are on the tracks is wrong because the person on the bridge was not exposing themselves to danger while the five people on the tracks were.  It is a generally more important principle, especially given that we don't always have guarantees about the effects of our actions. 
I'm not referring to the bystander effect, I mean consciously choosing to save neither group and let events play out. Without a lot more information it would be impossible to know what you were doing was positive or not, and that doesn't factor in that many people would say it's not their place to make that decision for either group themselves.  
Again going back to assuming saving the most lives is the best outcome. This is a circle we could enter all day.  You're assuming way too much, which is never going to be realistic. You have to be certain what you think is going to happen is actually going to happen.   If five people are falling off a cliff in a car, and 1 person is falling off a cliff in a separate car, and I only have time to save one, I'm very likely going to save the people in the car that has five people. We can start breaking it down to simple math in this circumstance much easier.  In the trolley exercise you are the one thats going to kill someone. That changes the game. And yes inaction absolves you of responsibility if you did not cause the circumstances, or are somehow otherwise responsible because it's your job.  Just so we are clear, I've thought about this a lot and I would probably save the 5 people and kill the 1, but I can understand why people choose the other side.  
Oh I agree that the sober people WANT to save the five people as well... but as another poster down below mentioned, being drunk tends to lessen the extent of guilt and worrying about the consequences of our actions.  So the drunk person says well this choice is probably better... I'll do it.  The sober person says well this choice is probably better but I couldn't live with myself if I actually went through with it... so I'll leave it for someone else to do.  That's just my take though. 
First off, you never know the absolute outcomes of your choices.  Secondly, this is actually a flawed scenario because it fails to consider greater ramifications. Generally speaking, there's a rule that people who are behaving safely shouldn't be sacrificed in favor of those who are not. People who are on the tracks took the risk of being run over by that trolly, so letting them get run over is better than throwing someone off a bridge in the way of the trolly, because it is better societally for people who are obeying the rules not to be screwed over by those who are putting themselves in danger. 
Yeah man. The whole point of my comment was not really in regards to the study's methodology, but rather that people were drinking and having a good time.  
It really doesn't matter, all your saying by even posing that question is "I'm not sure the circumstances exist where slavery or genocide will maximize utility, but if they did, they're the right call" 
Not really.   They might think that there's some deontological rule saying "you must help women who are getting beaten up". Then it would be immoral not to help her. But it doesn't matter whether refraining from helping her counts as an action or not. 
That would change the utilitarian calculation. But the premise of the trolley problem is that we don't know, which means that from the perspective of the decision maker, the question is fundamentally statistical in nature. They have to make the best judgment with the information they *have*. Their judgement may prove to be wrong, but they have no ability to know that, and we can't really be expected to make decisions based on things we don't, or more to the point *can't*, know.   Statistically speaking, it is more likely that the hypothetical Einstein is in the group of 5.  
Huh, it's pretty clear that you don't really know much about the varieties of utilitarianism and how seriously it's taken in academia. Bye! 
Why not? Everything is in terms of the greater good. Obamacare--saves money, gun control--saves more lives, second amendment--saves more lives, abortion--saves pain and suffering and money, NSA tapping--saves lives, minimum wage--more happy people, no minimum wage--fewer people laid off.  Don't get me wrong, rights based arguments exist for many of these topics, but it almost always boils down to "what's best for the group?" 
Forget your mouth! We just solved the world's food shortage problem!  
Okay, but in this scenario we aren't given those kinds of details. We just know the number of people tied onto the tracks. 
That sounds like a better scenario that would get more interesting answers. 
Sure there are plenty of "what ifs" that can be attached to this. What if the single person is your best friend, etc. This information isn't included in the scenario though, like I mentioned. All you have are numbers. 
Then maybe a lot of people's answers would change, mine probably would. 
"Evil" only exists among humans though. A cow can't do something evil to a human, but a human can do something evil to a cow.  I'm not saying there's something wrong with your reasoning, but you are sort of painting yourself into a corner. Less humans means less evil, and the least evil would be achieved by having no humans at all. But as soon as humans went out of existence, "evil" as a concept would also seize to exist. 
Those people seem conscious to me. They seem to be making a decision to me. What criteria do we use to distinguish this case and a conscious choice of inaction? Most of our decision making on any given day is not rigorous. Would you assert that people are mostly amoral and only on occasion behave morally or immorally? 
Technically it'd probably occur when the witness believes there are multiple witnesses even when there aren't. 
That poster down below says so, and I do believe it, but the study failed to show this.  
Right, utilitarianism can be wrong for this reason, but how is it a factor in the train scenario? 
Define 'good'. If the net gain of a genocide would visibly and quantifiably outweigh the cost of many deaths, would it not be the better answer? Just because a conclusion is repugnant, doesn't mean it's wrong.   Utilitarianism is basically an acceptance that what is necessary is not necessarily humane.   Or is this related to that false conclusion to the 'utility monster' thought experiment? Because that thought experiment breaks down as soon as you consider the net gain of happiness does not work in the superficial way it's portrayed in that scenario. There are more variables in that equation than a linear rate of aggregation.   
Well I think specific situations are important when debating complicated topics.  You can't just make a weak claim that utilitarianism promotes slavery without showing some sort of causation or reasoning!  Look at the train track example.  It has to be specified in very concrete terms otherwise the answer can change dramatically.  If you disagree with that then I claim leftists love authority which is the root of many dictatorships who torture citizens daily.  No need for concrete examples right? 
I see. Unless you don't believe in coincidences of course.  
Right? I don't even agree with utilitarianism but "it *can* lead to totalitarianism" isn't enough to conclude that it's factually untrue. 
Ok, some of those examples are good.  I rescind the "not at all".  But: just because people could make all of those arguments doesn't mean they actually do make them.  We'd need to do a serious media study to really sort this out, but, for instance, the standard abortion debate doesn't sound utilitarian to me on either side.  "I can do what I want with my body" is a classic libertarian-sounding thing to say.  And the "don't kill babies" response isn't really concerned with tradeoffs in the way it would need to be for it to sound utilitarian; rather, it's about a right to life.  Similarly for conservatives on gun rights - the standard argument is that it's about the right to self-defense.  Liberals on health care and guns, conservatives on NSA-tapping, etc., I'll give you. 
Get a man stoned and he's high for a day, stone a man and he's just dead forever. 
Usually different version of this question is asked to determine where people draw the line. People are seldom keen to directly push someone to their death to save five other, while putting something in between (a lever, button etc) makes the number of people who are willing to save five other people sky rocket. 
But why is saving five better than one? You're right all we have are numbers but we're not talking about saving inanimate objects we're talking about human lives. What is a life worth? Are all lives worth the same? I refuse to reduce this down to simple math. 
Absolutely. People tend to act only in their best interests for the most part. I'm more sensitive to this than most since I'm usually doing the opposite. Even when most people are doing something for someone else they are thinking about what they can get back in return. 
Ya sample size was too small too.  But I would be very interested to see someone build off of this study and scale it up to be more statistically significant. 
Yes, a utilitarian would commit the genocide in that scenario. Which is one of many reasons utilitarianism fails as a philosophy. It leads to the violation of basic human rights. But I'm guessing a utilitarian also rejects the notion of intrinsic human rights, and probably views them more as a means to maximize utility if you accept them at all.  Utilitarianism still breaks down when you explore the mere addition paradox, which is what I'm referring to when I say the repugnant conclusion, you should research it. Turns out utilitarianism leads to a place where everyone is worse off. 
Haha this makes no sense. Utilitarianism is way of thinking about morals and ethics, which should inform your decision making in life. If you believe that utilitarian thought gets you to the repugnant conclusion which you admit is not good, then you should not let utilitarian thought inform your decision making. 
Natural evolution isn't always favorable. It's a probability argument that it's better to have access to those genes for research or other purposes than to let them die off. 
No because you're completely changing the meaning of the word leftist.  Being leftist at its core isn't a love of authority.  Utilitarianism at its core is the belief that maximizing utility is all that matters. So whether I construct some fantasy scenario or not where slavery or genocide maximizes utility is largely irrelevant, all I need is for you to agree that it is theoretically possible that slavery or genocide could somehow maximize utility, then it is logically possible for slavery or genocide to be the right thing to do. 
Who should I read? Marx? I have already read his remarks on utilitarianism. I particularly remember the part where he explicitly stated he wasn't a utilitarian. Mein Kampf? It's a big book, maybe you can direct me to which page he quotes from Mill and Bentham (totalitarians are famously fond of 'On Liberty').  Please give me some suggestions, I would love that. 
Stating that utilitarianism is the underpinning of totalitarian governments is not the same say stating that utilitarianism *produces* totalitarian governments. That sort of regime becomes the arbiter of morality and tends to place *its own existence* as the highest good. One could also argue that establishing a government which in theory is there to protect it's citizens, but in practice sacrifices as many of them as necessary to further it's own ends, is *not* a system which works for the greatest good. There *are* different varieties of utilitarianism, and they can be diametrically opposed depending on their hierarchy of values. That moral relativism is ultimately why it fails as an ethical foundation for government. It should help where it can, but above all it should do no harm. People don't elect leaders so that they can be fed to the lions. 
When you find yourself in a deep hole, stop digging.  
I tried to be balanced, but yes, liberals use utilitarian reasoning more often than conservatives. 
You're not using the person as a tool. You're making a choice. 5 people die, or 1 person dies. You get to make the decision. The only thing you are using is the lever. Choosing not to use it is as much a choice as using it.  
Well why wouldn't they throw themselves. Putting the button in the way means the only choice they have is the 1vs5, but with the pushing scenario they'd have the chance to give their own life for 6.  
Alright, maybe you're a nihilist or apathetic or something, maybe not. I was arguing under the base assumption that human life is valuable, and since we don't know anything about the people we can save besides the quantity, saving the group would give you 5 times the chance of sparing someone important. 
I'd consider myself pretty much a utilitarian, though lacking in any particular formality to it. Human rights, I would say aren't intrinsic: they didn't exist before recent humans decided that they did. Before that they weren't a thing. I do, however, think they are a necessary part of the modern world and, for those countries that ascribe to them, safeguard the majority of people against abhorrent actions taken by those in power for mostly personal gain. That said, I do often have to wonder where the line in the sand is: If the greater good is facilitated by the torture of specific people (disregarding for the moment that torture doesn't ever work) is that acceptable? I wouldn't ever go so far as to say moral - it never is. We're back to 'vital/humane'.   Interesting, I'll definitely look into that paradox. Thanks for the reference.  
That's absolutely ridiculous. Are you literally saying that if the truth isn't nice, you should ignore the truth? 
Genes don't magically disappear just because they aren't expressed. 
So give me a concrete scenario where an incorrect moral choice would be made. 
Arendt's The Origins of Totalitarianism. Then her The Human Condition, where she outlines how utilitarian thinking ushered in the decline of politics as it was replaced with homo faber. 
Utilitarianism is dumb because we're all utilitarians towards our own biases. If I'm a virtue ethics person and it comes down to 5 debased, non-productive and greedy sociopaths vs 1 virtuous artist, warrior freedom fighter or  great musician, I'll pick the 1. In that case the 5 do not represent utility just added noise.  
More often, but still not very often. One reason for this is that radical free market economics is something they often want to defend on principle rather than "if it works." And another is that utilitarianism is contradictory to the modern christian idea of sin. Even though JSM did point out that if you take Jesus' summary of morals in one sentence literally it sounds more utilitarian than deontological or virtue based. 
I'll sign up for the cowardly and selfish label. If I had to kill someone I don't know by my own hands in order to save 5 people I don't know that I'd be able to.   It comes down to the intamacy of it for me. If I had to look at the person I was killing, I wouldn't be able to do it. If I had the five people begging me to save them and all I had to do was push a button to kill some person I don't see, I'm sure I could do it.   If it's push a button and someone does that I can't see or don't push the button five people die, then I push the button. Choosing not to decide is still a choice. So inaction is a choice. 
Me not acting isn't me making a decision, it's refusing to make a decision. I don't have the right to decide to kill that other person, I don't have the "discretion" to make that judgement. I'm not "closer to committing a genocide" by deciding I'm not allowed to decide who lives and who dies, that statement is truly absurd. You're basically just committing to being an illogical person, saying that "well while I believe 1 life is definitely worth less than 5 if I have no other knowledge, I won't necessarily always behave as though that is true, but in this circumstance I will." That just doesn't make any sense.   I can safely assume that if we go to the next extreme, where I'm a mad man with a bomb strapped to 5 people and I say I'll blow it unless you shoot 1 person in the head, and you have a means of guaranteeing I keep my word, you'll kill the 1 person right?  
I don't think you quite get the repugnant conclusion dude...  
If individuals carrying those genes die then they do disappear. 
Are you saying that it's 100% impossible for slavery or genocide to maximize utility? There's no scenario where there's 100 people all with x utility, and enslaving 10 of them to work for the benefit of the utility of the other 90, increases the utility of the 90 more than it decreases the utility of the 10? 
Then I guess the question is: "Who is buried in Aristotle's Tomb?" 
That was a 10 second emotional roller coaster ride:  * They found Aristotle's tomb, who cares. * Wait! THAT Aristotle! * Oh, it's undefinitive :( 
This simply wouldn't work, all jokes aside.  I read an interesting theory somewhere that if you clone Albert Einstein, his copy might not even be anything like the original Einstein.  He may look identical, but the clone's mind could be completely different. 
they need to cover it with mud so the future can find him as well 
Sounds similar to how it's pronounced in Spanish: "Arr-EES-TOH-teh-less" 
How would finding his DNA help? There wouldn't be anything to compare it to 
Im from Argentina so your argument may be invalid regarding your false premises. 
'Send my ashes to the beach, cause waves are red'  -Aristotle. 
Who cares if this benefits philosophy? It's Aristotle's friggin tomb(Possibly). Finding his body holds historic value in its own right.  The people on /r/philosophy care for the same reason a Christian would care about finding Jesus' actual body.   Well, you could care about their bodies in both scenarios because of what would could learn about history due to finding their bodies. That's a reasonable way to look at it, but I'd imagine that most people on here just think it's cool.  
It's probably the same story, this is in Greece also 
Plato was pointing up in that painting, Aristotle's hand was faced palm down. 
I think it's pretty clear at this point that genius is a combination of nature and nurture, so it's likely he'd be pretty bright, but he wouldn't necessarily revolutionize the world again.  Then again, he also might. 
You guys say it right. Only it's "liss" at the end, not "less". Everything else is as we Greeks say it.  
It wouldn't help for the purpose of the discovery, no, but it'd be nice to sequence his genome and maybe even find people related to him today? 
what? How does you being from Argentina have to do with my argument being invalid.  
Well i do think it is interesting, if we can prove that it is him. But not in the way it is kinda writen up.   It is kinda remember the dead but life/fight/work for the living for me. :-P 
Don't tell Macedonians that. FYROM has been trying separate for quite some time! In fact, a lot of the world recognizes them as s separate country... Except Greece.  It's a beautiful place; I stayed at Ohrid and made some wonderful friends when I had visited. 
Chicken or the egg, Plant or the seed, Human or the semen! - Scoobydoobymutley 
I'll give an example.  Let's say in the near future, I was cloned and for whatever reason, my clone would be born in Japan (I'm in the U.S).  Because Japanese culture is waay different from the American way of life, he might have different opinions as me, he could grow up and be a pro athlete, hell he could just be a dumbass.  So yeah, cloning isn't as wonderful as it sounds 
I think that only works if you are a determinist.  
Yeah that would be interesting, it just wouldn't confirm whether it was him or not! 
You guys, need to take shit less serious in the internet. Like, look at all the people getting pissed off because I just linked something, with 0 harmful intensions 
You must return to that museum and search for ancient Greek artifacts. We may be on to something here! 
Fair enough. This is gonna be huge. Like Donald Trump huge, except successful and not nearly as up its own ass. 
Just because there *might* be variance doesn't mean there *must* be variance, nor does it mean any variance will be extreme in one direction or another.  If a clone of you were to be raised in similar circumstances to how you were raised, that clone would likely end up with notable similarities later in life.  I'll say it again: intelligence is at least partially genetic, which means a clone of a genius is more likely to be a genius than an average person.  You don't automatically get another Nobel-prize-winning scientist just be cloning a Nobel-prize-winning scientist, but the two will share baseline aptitudes which you could then encourage. 
You could wait until the clone grows up and then compare him to statues. 
An opinion? I don't think that word means what you think it means.  And I understand that it was a joke, but I also understand that it's very likely he also does believe that old adage, because most people (philosophers included) do, and most people haven't heard the reasoning behind why it's not true. 
Better watch it, he'll build a wall around your book for saying that 
Sorry, but just for clarification: when you visited Macedonia(FYROM) you actually thought you were in Greece? 
I was reading your comment and didn't get the context first and it scared me, but I gotcha now. Love that movie. So quotable.  
That is straight-up an opinion.  Sorry, came here from /r/all and I don't care much for philosophy.  That statement is not a fact. 
Will he bill the publisher or me for that wall? I'm a little unclear. 
No, I absolutely knew it was Macedonia, and refer it as such. My best friend has a wife there too.   They are a proud people, and from what I remember, regarded Greeks as neighbours, not kinsmen. 
Which statement is not a fact? I just want to be perfectly clear about what we're talking about. 
I think it'll fall under the 40 billion he's gonna charge Mexico? 
Yes. I think that is pretty obvious.  Also: people have said worse on THE INTERNET and meant it serious. :-P 
That's assuming my verbal contract does include 'revenue' instead of 'profit' like I asked for. It may be less that 'revenue' but I'm not being roped in to a 4k bill... 
Kind of long to go viral. Maybe a good starting video, though. I only made it through 5 minutes of 45, and the language seemed geared to people who already knew about philosophy.  
Difficult voice to keep focused on, but still really nice. Mainly analytical or not, thanks! 
There are attempts to do so, but I've found that studying the history of philosophy is a more effective way to answer your question. So instead of asking, "What are the philosophical underpinnings of all philosophies?", and getting lost in a spiral of theories to explain theories, we can ask, "How has philosophy as we know it today developed over time?"  This helps to reveal how various intellectual movements that have been labeled 'philosophy' are related, who inspired who, and what ideas paved the way for later thinkers in their formulation of new ideas.  For instance, I think it's more useful to ask the historical question "To what extent is Kant's work a response to Hume?", rather than the strictly philosophical question, "Does Kant's thesis solve Hume's problem of induction?" 
Outside Martin Bernal, do any historians believe Ancient Greek philosophers learned anything of substance from the Ancient Egyptians? 
The beggining when he talks about logic was, at least for me, the hardest part of the video. It gets easier after he reaches the  history of philosophy. 
It's certainly interesting how this brings up a real question about how we should think of philosophy. Is it a group of things to be investigated, or is the *method* of study the more important line of division? I'm not sure if there's a clear right answer to this and while there is a bit of a split along the analytic-continental line here, there's certainly elements of both approaches in both camps.  
I don't have an issue with discussing philosophy in terms of subjects and methods. I do have a problem with the analytic philosophy allergy to reading so-called continental philosophers. L. A. Paul, for example, who did an AMA here 3 weeks ago, was an "expert" in the importance of transformative experience, but he had never read Marion on the subject. To claim to be an expert on something and to have not read the foremost thinker on the subject is embarrassing. Analytic philosophy is largely reinventing the wheel and they are just starting to recognize the role that history plays in how we understand our world and ourselves. Welcome to the show!  
I think there is some hope for the future because it seems to me that there's been some good efforts at bridge building by both camps and the divide between analytics and continentals is narrowing. It would've been inconceivable to speak of "analytic Heideggerianism" a couple decades ago but now there's essays floating around that read Heidegger through modal logic. I've seen Merleau-Ponty based phenomenological analyses of spinal cord implants, psychoanalysts talking about Kripkean thought experiments, and that's not even mentioning Badiou's use of set theory.   So yeah, I think we're in for a wild time as the two camps start to read and interact more often.  
That sounds a lot more reasonable than calling an eminent scholar embarrassing for not having read work of a contemporary. Of course you were not merely using Paul as an example - if you were you wouldn't have felt the need to ridicule her. But Paul reads continental philosophy, so having not read a particular bit doesn't seem to suggest an allergy. Though I agree that the allergy exists if largely out of practicality.  Your assumption that Paul was a man only tells me you make unreasonable assumptions sometimes, which obviously filters into how I interpret a statement that looks like "analytic philosophy is pointless and I can't respect analytic philosophers".  What did I assume? 
You assume I dismiss analytic philosophers and that I think analytic philosophy is pointless along with making unfounded conclusions from my getting Paul's gender wrong. And, I stand by my statement that it is embarrassing for a so-called expert to not have read one of the foremost philosophers on a subject on which there is not an overabundance of "experts".  
I did not assume that - I said you seemed to because you have the appearance of it, which you did.  It is not an unfounded conclusion to believe you make unreasonable assumptions on the basis that you made an unreasonable assumption as well as the rest of your post.  I think you overestimate the importance of Marion's work to Paul's. And even so, had the foremost thinker on a subject not read any other work on that subject it would not be embarrassing, but we clearly have different ideas of what embarrassment constitutes. 
Isn't the issue that people aren't being prosecuted for breaking rules that already exist? The whole idea of this article seems silly. It's not about rules, it's about actions.  
Also, having had this training, your colleagues are better equipped to navigate communications on delicate subjects that could have public opinion or even civil liability backlash.  Up in the cheap seats, corporate ethics is about getting covered so that litigants can't rightly argue, "that corporation shows a complete disregard for the ethical conduct of their employees."  No doubt you're getting much more sophisticated instruction, but surely most of you have the guile to understand part of this is about calling attention to subjects best handled with special care if journalists or inspectors are involved. 
The author actually concedes this point in this piece, and acknowledges that war is inherently unjust, as did Cicero and Aquinas. But all of these thinkers also accept the existence of war as a fact and proposed the just war theory as the best available remedy.  
I imagine they're being careful to avoid bad headlines and regulation so soon after all the bad headlines they've faced. It's not a set of moral decisions, but practical ones, that would lead them to calm down. 
Your notion disregards the coercive forces present within said markets and how the social relations in regards to concepts of property function altogether. 
Laws that restrict monopolies have often been effective at preventing them. Similarly, rules that regulate economies, when enforced, have been shown to reduce the frequency and severity of economic downswings. The 2008 recession is the result of both deregulation and failures to enforce regulations that prevented similarly catastrophic downturns. Keynes simply works, and we have decades of statistics to back it up.  As for war, there are definitely rules, and theyou work. Hollow points see very little use on battlefields, even in brutal conflicts. Gas and biological agents are rarely seen, and governments are quick to respond when they are. Rules work.  
How do you "change the notion" of the incentive to earn a profit?  Stock price reflects the markets best guess as to the current value of all future returns. Because people can vote with their wallets, corporations, on the whole, act in their own long term interests, as devious and deceptive behavior will, on net, be reflected in future earnings. 
And if you've ever read Walzer, Nagel, or Augustine you'd know that you can, indeed, have ethical considerations in war.  Name dropping is easy. I should study philosophy. 
Yup. The only times people seem to be prosecuted are when the fraud reaches really incredible and notorious levels, like Madoff or Skilling or Lay.  Regulatory fraud is often punished with fines for the company that are far less than its profits. Theranos and Wells Fargo, for instance.  And then there are the many, many cases of fraud and market manipulation that slide through because "too hard to prosecute," or "not technically illegal," etc. Shkreli, MBS meltdown, etc.  That's the problem, right here - the laws on the books do not inspire fear or public confidence. Regulatory agencies are outplayed, underresourced, and frankly timid. 
Eliminating super pacs would just give you less control over groups of people influencing elections. 
Which ones specifically aren't being enforced?   The whole lets-reduce-housing-to-a-stack-of-nested-securities boom/bust could have been prevented if local laws regarding transfer of title had been enforced.   Anyway, If the author is going to use war as an analogy, then they should acknowledge that in war the ethical rules are decided posthoc by the victor. The victor also decides which acts are revealed to the public for ethical scrutiny.  
Pretty much no one follows the Geneva conventions. Was firebombing Dresden and Tokyo in violation of it? What about nuking Hiroshima and Nagasaki? Even today we're doing double-tap drone strikes and god knows what else.   Will Assad ever be prosecuted for his barrel bombs and use of chemical weapons? It depends entirely on whether he loses the war and, if he loses, whether he makes it to a safe place of exile.   The Geneva Convention provides a court for one group of bad guys to put another group of bad guys on a show trial after the conflict is over. That's it. 
If war is inevitable as you say, then a certain amount of suffering would have to happen to justify it's existence as well as it's cessation. Reducing suffering only serves to lengthen the ordeal. 
That's not what he said. He said war is still unethical, even with those restrictions. Fewer restrictions would make it *more* unethical, not less. 
War is about objectives to hold and conquer.   Enemy soldiers are *philosophically* secondary.   --- Then if your objective is killing people (perhaps because they belong certain ethnic group) on the other hand.. That's a war crime 
Capitalism is about creating and selling value. War is about taking or destroying value.  
Which is why they decided they need to take the power away before you can make choices with it. Taxation is theft.  
What arrangement of resource allocation seems better to you than owning property through concepts like first come first serve, mixing labor with unowned resources, etc.?  
Trade is in the most basic form amoral.   Capitalism, by including the idea of exploiting somebody (be it one of your workers, or one of your customers) is unethical.  
"(...) rules that regulate economies, when enforced, have been shown to reduce the frequency and severity of economic downswings."  Ok, but for this policies to be better than laissez-faire you have to prove that people are indeed better off than they would without government intervention and some economic ups and downs.  It's very easy to tunnel vision something and say that this leads to that and ignore all side consequences. And the 2008 crisis was created by the US Government with government-backed credit given by the banks to people that wouldn't otherwise have money, or would not have been given credit to buy a house. Some rules work. Economic regulations aren't these. 
Let's look at cigarettes for example.  Rather than taking the addictive and destructive product of the market,  we'll protect the tobacco company's responsibility to generate a profit for the shareholder at the expense, health and well being of the general public.     We need less people that strive on the demise of others. 
well "people" won't make up their minds because it is two separate groups of people using the same word differently  
Yes, but none of those three even approaches the level of impact and prevalence clausewitz has in modern military strategy and education.  Just war theory is a cute initiative and intellectual exercise that when you get down to brass tacks is dismissed out of hand when it genuinely threatens national interests. 
I guess that's a better way to put it. The complicity of the system makes it possible to take advantage of it in a big way while being able to make a case that you're *technically* not breaking the rules.   Either way, the issue isn't about making rules and the comparison to war is strange.  
Hardly.  It would be up to a jury to determine whether or not a person's conduct demonstrates impropriety, beyond a reasonable doubt.  Then there would have to be appellate review to ensure that the trial proceedings were scrupulously on the up-and-up.  If I'd stuck in "[...] and there shall be no appeal" at the end of each clause, *that* would be problematic.  Further, if someone aspires to rule--to exercise power over other people--then they ought to conduct themselves in a manner which is indisputably honorable.  With great power comes great responsibility.  If you want to enjoy the honor of leadership, then fucking conduct yourself in a manner which is *deserving* of that honor.  *It's not that hard to do.* 
You gotta explain why it's low levels of knowledge. Reddit is very susceptible to contrarian views so you'll easily get upvotes but make sure to be responsible and say why. 
Uh, guy?  I think you don't know what the Geneva Conventions are.  Assad never signed the treaty.  You can't hold people to treaties they never signed.    Well, not yet anyway.   
But at what point to you start getting diminishing returns from the suffering vs conflict length curve?  
That's like saying nothing comes out of making murder illegal because people still get murdered. 
When they are utilized, governments are quick to respond because it is in their self-interest to do so.   So do you think that slowly dying by suffocation as your skin bubbles and burns over several minutes is exactly as horrible as taking a bullet wound and possibly dying?  
But a significant part of their objective is to kill, since conquering places often involves killing. Soldiers are expected to take away lives when the situation demands it.  
You're correct. Criminal conduct is not being punished. Individuals are not being prosecuted and corporations/banks are being allowed to plead to lesser charges, not admit culpability and pay fines smaller than the income accrued from those crimes.    It's patently a system that permits widespread criminality.       So why did you claim that banks have been passive since 2008? You inferred that these financial manipulators had since lessened their misdeeds. When the evidence patently proves otherwise.      Perhaps I'm missing something. Could you enlighten me? 
The only way of exploiting someone in the capitalist system is by defrauding them or otherwise violating their rights. Neither of these indicate systemic immorality, but individual immorality. 
Your example is to take the products off the market to curb the incentive to earn a profit?  That seems like a pretty bad idea to me. 
You're right! That's why we're talking about the Responsibility to Clausewitz, and PeaceClausewitz, and the ICC - the International Court of Clausewitz.  Pack it in, boys! We figured out every military doctrine we'll ever need in the 19th century. Good job! 
Neither does economics. The same reasoning applies. Welcome to the thread. 
Lmao u really do need to use the /s tag huh.  Only on Reddit is advocating for genocide not blatantly sarcastic. 
Well, you amended it and took out the death penalty part, so I have a lot less issue with it now.   
My point was that we are all capable of succumbing to human failings, and as each successive power vacuum is filled, it is replaced with another imperfect human. We have laws to mitigate bad behavior, because we agree we are all capable of it. 
Not entirely sure, but since they are both dudes, it's an issue that will resolve itself over their collective lifetimes. 
I have to completely and respectfully disagree. I worked for a hedge fund and there are absolutely circumstances in which actors can explicitly make an unethical or ethical decision. Furthermore, it's not just a bunch of recent grads or MBAs. Many of the people making the decisions are older, experienced veterans. We know what parts of the system are bad, but changing it is insanely difficult due to lobbyists and the amount of weight money has when influencing decisions or policies. 
I agree, there is totally legitimate value in HFT. Off the top of my head ETF arbitrage and correlation arbitrage are a boon to investors as the market has no requirement to have logically consistent pricing.  I disagree that there is an obvious set of legitimate uses for HFT.  Flash Boys shows there is an obvious examples of illegitimate uses for HFT. 
HFT frontruns trades between exchanges, generally they just get in between the person who wants to sell and the person who wants to buy and takes a cut themselves. 
Then what was The Hague treaty? There was a signed agreement before the war to disallow chemical weapons in future uses. Germany used lawyers to try and find loopholes to allow their use.  
People get punished for murder. Violation of the rules of war hardly ever result in real consequences.  
Cluster bombs in Iraq. Phosphor bombs in Palestine. 
I think the person killing you with bullets or chemicals probably doesn't care all that much about how you're feeling about it. 
Militaries actually prefer to wound. It's more costly to the opposing side, since wounded soldiers must be treated, while dead soldiers must simply be buried. 
Individuals trading property is a natural and moral social dynamic. 
Let me know when a US official gets indicted for war crimes at the ICC. 
How does that make sense? We still have super pacs? 
Uhhhhh .... yeah, I don't think you know what "genocide" actually means.  Unless you want to claim that corrupt politicians constitute a distinct race or religion, your use of that term is ridiculous, and it insults those who were actual targets of genocide.  What the Americans of 1620-1900 did to the First Nations people was genocide.  The shit that went on in Yugoslavia after it broke up was genocide.  The shit that is currently going on in Darfur and the CAR is genocide.  The systematic execution of corrupt politicians and the people who finance them ... not so much. 
Fair enough.  I admit a certain tendency toward bloodthirstiness, which I do my best to keep in check.  It's hard, though, when we hear so many instances of evil being rewarded and good being punished. 
Clearly we have fallen woefully short of providing laws that actually mitigate such bad behavior. Instead we play this game were we provide incremental laws, that simply encourage people to find a different way to engage in bad behavior.   If we consider it reasonable for police to wear cameras on them to insure the rights of the individuals they interact with, given that they are in an excellent position to violate said rights otherwise, Then considering that our politicians have it within their power to overturn the rights of millions of us with the flick of a pen. I don't consider it unreasonable that they should also be forced to endure the same level of scrutiny (at a minimum) as our police are rightfully expected to. 
Unless they manage to put themselves into some kind of computer storage and are maintained by robot servants, or they clone themselves. Now, these are the kinds of moral quandaries that I'm sure the Founding Fathers never envisioned. 
There is no money "in" the stock market. Nothing is being siphoned from anything. 
I did some reading on this and believe I understand the issue you are getting to, namely, diminishing returns of the arms race to shave microseconds off of trades between buyers and sellers who would have found each other anyway or had effectively found each other.    In effect, we have already reaped 99% all the arbitrage value from HFT, yet where will it stop? How much of our best and brightest do we want going into something that has already realized nearly all of its productive value? 
You might as well say that laws against murder are silly because murder still happens. The Geneva Convention is a good standard to live up to, even if it is difficult to enforce in practice.  
How did property arise, was it assigned through a divine mandate, or is it a social construct that very often has been established by force and thus involuntary mechanisms? 
Well, yeah.... you kinda are a moral relativist:  All market transactions are subjective in essence. If all market transactions are moral, then morality is based on the subjective view of the person (simply because a "market exchange" can happen in any context)  And, you do isolate them, as I explained. Let me go over it again:  If all market transactions are moral, unless a person can "know" another person's intentions, yet no person can know another person's intentions, then all market transactions are moral. There is absolutely no responsibility beyond the transactions that take place.  Hope that spells it out for ya. 
To my knowledge, no super PACs supported Trump in the primaries. I could be wrong. 
Scrutiny I have no issue with.  I would welcome it, in fact.  It was the penalty I took objection to.   
That's the most powerful moral argument in my opinion: even if you hypothetically concede that the work that these people are doing is not strictly harmful, to have a direct MIT/Harvard to HFT pipeline like this is an immense waste of potential use to society.  
Aren't double-tap drone strikes in violation? They kill the victim then kill the people who attempt to help the dead or wounded. 
Property is degree of control of a resource and that is an attribute of the resource and controlling entity.  Property rights are the social construct defining the rules of control of that resource. Property rights on the African savannah, for example, lack a legal institution and collective enforcement mechanism, and are therefore ad-hoc and based on individual enforceability.   Markets are efficient and each transaction has the opportunity to create greater wealth than existed prior to the exchange. The social constructs of a legal system and public enforcement allow markets to exist and flourish. Markets have many imperfections.  They are, however excellent at enriching both individuals and society as a whole. 
Scrutiny is pointless if there is no consequence. The consequence needs to be far more than what we see now. Perhaps death is too extreme, but at the bare minimum, one who engages in even the appearance of impropriety should lose all ability to repeat the mistake. 
My primary area of interest is in economics (although I have more formal philosophy education, as it was my minor).  This short blog post by University of Houston econ prof explains how competition has had the predictable effect of stabilizing the HFT market.  In short, the market has matured after a technology shock and the scenario above does not seem to have come to fruition.  
Honestly, I think they should be in violation. But they often wait for people to pick up the weapons that the first victims were carrying and at that point the double-tap strike is legal.  I believe they stopped doing them however after it became apparent that 1. This is borderline legal and given time probably illegal 2. The 2nd strike only created more opponents  than that it killed. 
*I* am not interested in your shallow dismissal of what you perceive as incorrect but a thorough explanation of the basis for your argumentation in regards to deconstructions of the likes of Russell and Foucault, especially when considering one of the key figures citied in regards to the legitimacy of property, Locke, refers to it as a divine mandate.  If you are not interested, or simply incapable of doing so, I'd kindly ask you to refrain from plastering your unfounded nonsense around. 
You see the analogy one way, but refuse to see the reciprocal implications.  Economic organisation doesn't exist in isolation either. There is absolutely nothing antithetical about morality applied to captalism, just as there is nothing antithetical about placing moral limits to state-of-nature humanity.  
Can you recommend a work by Cams? I tried one several years ago and found it impenetrable. Sorry, don't remember which one.  
I think a part of that is the unknown. If we do not know how something works, we can interact with it mostly based on the input and output. I think it is a large part of why we consider ourselves special. We don't know enough about our mind so we can still fool ourselves that we are somehow fundamentally different from computers that we know exactly they work. If one day we can perfectly create, analyze, and replicate our brains, then despite our vanity, we should be capable of seeing ourselves as a biological computers rather than a unique sentient enigmas.  
It also leaves out the most interesting aspect, which is the implications of modifying minds in the context of a brutally evolved ape species.  
The Devil, too. The Man in Black, whose mission is to bring free will to the androids in defiance of "the gods," is clearly a Lucifer figure. 
Although it is a possibility, I hope they don't have that happen. I found Ford's character so compelling because of his view of the androids. If he isn't actually dead I think that takes away some of the depth of his storyline.   As for the extra robot, I think it might be an android that Ford programmed to help lead the conscious androids. This android may resemble Ford. 
"If the first season was defined by control, the second season is defined by chaos." - Jonathan Nolan    
Got to disagree with you buddy. For many people in this world, the subject of Philosophy is a big stretch away from interest or comprehension. This *'pop-philosophy crap'* that you call it, is an accessible bridge for many people who have never dabbled with philosophic topics before.   Now by all means, feel free to offer your counter arguments as to why this stuff doesn't hold up for you, but don't be a stick in the mud. 
r/iamverysmart    It doesn't pretend to be the most sophisticated philosophical analysis, and in my opinion, it serves as a catalyst to further divergent discussions rather than a definitve conclusion.   Maybe they should say this explicitly. 
My personal favorite of his is The Stranger, changed the way i think a lot 
I've never met a single person who takes the quote "God is dead" to mean anything besides that of mankind moving past religion.   Do people you know also think "religion is the opiate of the masses" literally means religion is opium too? 
Hmmm, ( and that's a thinking hmmm) I would not say so much unknown since there is a lot already known. If one would just bother to look for it. For me this not much different from what ancient wisdom teaches us. The mind is an illusion and so on. Because yes, the mind is but a process that starts from birth till the heart ceases to pump blood.   We can see this if we are open to it, if we turn our gaze inward and see that there are no two within. That voice, that thought, that I ness, that feeling, is one and the same. Constantly birthing itself from past experiences and thus reinforcing the whole of the mechanism.   Yes it is a paradox.  
If the man in black is the devil (antagonist), whos the "angelic" protagonist, dolores? 
I read an article that said it'd lessen the gravity of any death in the show and just the overall product because "TWIST! IT WAS A ROBOT!" 
Well it's more of a dead end than a bridge though and as the saying goes 'a little knowledge is dangerous'.   A lot of pop philosophy and pop science leads to misunderstanding and basically stops right there. You simply cannot popularize every topic without losing important information and it also doesn't really add up to anything.   It leads to stuff like Harris and Dawkins-esque religious criticism which is absolutely atrocious intellectually, Nietzsche is constantly misrepresented in popular discussions, there's this weird habit of throwing QM into philosophical discussions and stuff like that.   
Actually, iirc, they usually do. I watched a lot of their 8-bit philosophy a long while ago and generally they give two opposing views on something and leave the "conclusion" open ended, asking the viewer what they've personally derived from the points presented.  
Good point, I guess I just found it interesting and that ppl should know.  
I wasn't so impressed with The Stranger... until that climactic jail cell chapter. It quite blew me away. 
You must know relatively educated people. I'm originally from a rural, evangelical area where people take that sort of comment very personally/seriously.  
Godel Escher Bach   The mind is the brain mirroring the world, including itself and it's mirroring of the world, so it mirrors itself mirroring its own mirror of itself. 
What do you think our pain is, if not a simulation? It's all just impulses in the brain, consciousness isn't something magical. 
I agree! We must talk!  A fundamental driving force toward acquiring knowledge by many creatures is to model its environment so that it may be effective at gathering resources, procreating, etc.   The human brain seems to reduce entropy by learning its world such that it knows all and possesses knowledge of everything in its environment. In other words, the driving force of curiosity is our brain wanting to absorb knowledge and decrease the set of probabilities it builds to understand the outside world.  This is a logical, non-emotional aspect.  The dopaminergic response to this reduction of energy expenditure in world-building/knowing is a key incentive for us to know. We derive pleasure from knowing the unknown, and knowing what we know as being truth.  
Panpsychism argues that consciousness is a fundamental different "state" of matter. A different aspect of each part that exists, down to the proposed conscious state of atoms, all nested states of consciousness just like we see the fingerprint of God in everything, the golden ratio in all we see from every perspective.. So could be the same of consciousness .. 
This ain't that kind of story, bruv. If anyone's the protagonist, I'd say it's Maeve (arguably, the Eve figure). But no one's morally angelic in Westworld.  
I feel like with the way the timeline was structured in WW, the next season might feature Anthony Hopkins in flashbacks of some sort. 
This. I like to think he has a lot more planned than just giving them conciseness. I think it was, in part, a way to get out from under the thumb of his bosses, plus some other crazy scheme. Example: I don't feel like we've seen the full depth of his hurried construction endeavors.  
This. So much this. I have a hunch that philosophy really doesn't appeal to most people and nor should it aim to as it would lose a large amount of what makes it great, that being challenging your opinions and the very essence of your being. I would appreciate if someone could confirm whether my hunch is correct or not.  
"I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived it another. I had done this and I hadn't done that. I hadn't done this thing but I had done another. And so? It was as if I had waited all this time for this moment and for the first dawn of this night to be vindicated. Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why..."  I had several chills run up my spine from the brilliant lines in that chapter... 
Ah, could probably understand if the people around you are very religious.  I'm from Sweden myself, so society here is pretty much the epitome of the quote. 
I don't think you understand what Marx meant with the quote.  Atheism is the lack of belief. It can't really be used to passify the people. 
Our pain is the biological kind. There is a difference between ai detecting a temperature of 300 degrees and then executing pain.exe which simulates what a human does when they experience pain and when a human reacts to actual biological pain. 
On the other hand, nobody has yet proposed what a "non-physical" explanation of something would even entail, so we don't actually have that as a viable alternative. 
"recover" implies some sort of ideal. if the earth were pulverized to nothing, flung out of the solar system, had its atmosphere replaced with xenon, or had its crust sublimated into the underlying magma: so what? the earth has no feelings, it's a rock. likewise, microorganisms are merely little bundles of programmed duplication. whatever their effects are is without meaning, even, or especially, to themselves. atmosphere changes? geological processes? nobody, or rather nothing, cares  
It doesnt necessitate it, but in typical hero villian fashion the heroes are often opposites of the villians. 
I had heard a rumour that he will be back next season as a host, but I can't recall the source and whether it was reputable. 
Hello, I'm a compatibilist. Even though I don't believe in a soul and am essentially a materialist, I still wanted to believe in free will because I just can't accept reality and besides I *feel* like I have free will, so I must, right? So here's what I did, I just redefine free will until it fits into my world view, and then i can say "Look, it exists!". 
A few things. First off I didn't assert that the people in the video have no idea, I said that the *medium* itself makes it unlikely or sometimes impossible to convey their expertise to other people. Didn't even attack the individuals in the slightest.   Secondly there's a kind of Gresham's law at work in media, especially digtial. Just like with currency bad information tends to drown out good information, and some expert in the comment section  of a youtube video or another channel will not have the voice to correct bad opinion or even outright wrong information or lies.   If everybody is allowed to scream as loud as they can the loudest person wins, whoever that may be. If tabloid newspapers are any indication it's not the ones you would put into the category of 'critical thinking' and everybody ought to be very concerned about this.   
Why is there a difference? It's just the hot area sending a signal to your brain to start the pain center. 
Yeah it's hard to say. Does it have traces of consciousness? Possibly. I guess we'll never know.  Obviously, there is very little actual cognition or awareness, but there is a subjective experience of some sort, potentially.  
Yeah but you haven't proved that consciousness is a necessary prerequisite for creative thinking or advanced cognitive processes. It very well might not be. P-zombies. 
That's the problem with science though our understanding of what is scientifically true is viewed through our own anthropogenic lens. Just because our theories predict phenomena well enough doesn't mean they're true or ever will be accurate.  It doesn't matter that feeling is an illusion from a human perspective it is real. Lived experience is REAL and scientific inquiry is entirely incapable bringing significant insight into the nature of being. 
Plenty have. Read up on Cartesian dualism, hylomorphic dualism, Thomistic dualism, Russell's nuetral monism, etc.  
That's not a sufficient argument for why we should accept that it is physical. Why are you allowed to assume it is physical without proof but somebody else is not allowed to assume it is non-physical? 
I would argue that you're basically an ecosystem for microorganisms and memetics with a consciousness "along for the ride". Consciousness can play all manner of games with itself - making itself feel this way and that using metacognition to "intentionally" expose oneself to stimuli (e.g. sex, drugs) with a predictable response.  Microorganisms literally created the part of the world we care about. They may even be responsible for plate technotics (needed them to fix hydrogen so we didn't lost it all - and hence all our water, but I need to verify this). The list of accomplishments of miccroorganisms versus humans is no comparison - and since human thought is driven by memetics and psychological drives - our particular accomplishes are just as robotic. There's just a "consciousness passenger" that pretends it's all about *itself* - but it isn't. There's so much more. 
Hello, I'm an incompatibilist. I realise that my position is compatible with compatibilism, but I prefer not to admit that and masturbate to my own perceived superiority.  
Because one causes suffering in a living being the other activates a set of instructions to follow. 
Consciousness means a lot of things. And I hope we someday break that word down into more precise semantics.  At a simple level if we consider consciousness as a continuous subjective sensory experience then most certainly many organisms seem to possess an awareness to their environment.  So also self-consciousness becomes the ability to recognize oneself as another entity in the environment. That's all. Many organisms are able to do this. When one begins to define only the human experience of consciousness then I think we raise the bar too high for no good reason and instead hinder ourselves from understanding it. 
"creative thinking or advanced cognitive processes."  When one begins to define only the human experience of consciousness then I think we raise the bar too high for no good reason and instead hinder ourselves from understanding it. 
How would it not be physical when literally everything else we know about is? You don't argue for non-physical unicorns walking among us, but suddenly consciousness has a non-corporeal component to it?  Make an absurd claim, get asked for absurd evidence to back it up. 
if you want to deny consciousness as the only valid frame of reference, that's fine  but it cuts both ways because microorganisms are simply another frame of reference and are neither more nor less valid than any other 
True I think you raised the bar too high as well.  I think any subjective experience of the environment is consciousness (although it's impossible to prove whether subjective experiences exist other than our own, we just make assumptions based on similarities).  I think a lot of lower rudimentary organisms may actually have very little concept of self. They are receiving and experiencing basic sensory input. 
I'm not arguing for unicorns, that's a ridiculous and weak analogy. All I'm saying is that you can't claim that the mind is completely physical if you haven't been able to reduce all qualities of the mind to a physical explanation.  That's how science works, you need to find evidence before you make a claim.   If you're going to make the claim the mind is physical, then show me the evidence that all qualities of the mind are reducible to a physical explanation.   Otherwise concede that it's an open philosophical inquiry. 
Haha that's just begging the question. "Obviously the mind is physical because everything is physical."   Look the fact is that a distinction can be made between what is "mental substance" and what is "physical (or material) substance" until one can be reduced to the other.  There are famous arguments for reducing the mind to purely mental such as Descartes Conceivability argument. It's not perfect but neither are the materialist accounts. It's an open inquiry. 
Considering that literally everything else we can understand is physical/corporeal in some way, the logical explanation is that the unknown portions of the mind and our consciousness are physical or are processes generated by the physical components as well until evidence to the contrary surfaces.  You're using a "god of the gaps"-esque argument to push a claim of non-corporeality where it logically makes no sense with our current understanding of the universe. Just because we have no evidence of non-physical unicorns walking among us, doesn't mean that there's a chance they're there. Or that it's even likely. You're arguing for the supernatural when everything we know is natural, unless I am misunderstanding your argument. 
I'm not a philosophy graduate or anything, but I also found the video very underwhelming.  Every point made seemed trivially obvious and failed to address *why* events are and are not correlated and/or causally related. I'm glad somebody with relevant education is calling this out.   It also seemed like he said some things that were false as well.  For example, to say "earning good grades in high school causes one to earn good grades in college if the grades are transferred" seems to me to be incorrect.  If the good grades one earns in high school are transferred to college, aren't they the same thing?  How can you say that earning good grades from high school *causes* the earning of good grades in college if what is referred to by "earning good grades" is, in both cases, the exact same event?    
Imho, "correlation is not causation" might also very well be used to deflate lazy or long-stretched arguments. Obviously, it will always depend on the argumentative framework the sentence is used in. 
I agree with you. The unfortunate fact is that a lot of people haven't developed such common sense. Although I take the view that no amount of educational videos would make them develop such a common sense either. 
hey man, just because you know it, doesn't mean everyone else does. Props to you for remembering grade school though, give yourself a pat on the back. 
Yeah or how the decline of pirates correlates with the rise of the global temperature. 
Basically.  Not all rectangles are squares, but all squares are rectangles. Etc. etc.  The parent-child and sibling-sibling problem. 
The key point is that you find something(IV) that changes one but does not change the other (say cause and outcome). Then looking at how much the IV changed the outcome, relative to its effect on the cause, provides an estimate of the effect of cause on outcome. 
Ever since I got this tattoo on my forehead, I haven't repeated a single misleading study. QED 
I think one could argue, semantically, that all events have a cause.   Something caused that event to occur, whether or not it's correlated with a second event occurring.      
Rules vs Exceptions. You won't always die falling out of an airplane without a chute opening, but I wouldn't bet on not dying if you fall out of an airplane without your chute opening. 
We use Sparkol's VideoScribe! Great program, very easy to use. 
It lets people feel smugly superior. "Oh you have a PhD and spent 3 years on that paper? That's cool, but you probably didn't consider that correlation does not imply causation. Thank God I'm here to point that out" 
Yeah. Run a simple  Xi square sample independence test, for example.  
This and 'anecdotal evidence isn't evidence' are the two I heard it online and I'll repeat it word for word in every comment I make mantras that totally infuriate me these days. 
I think the definition of 'imply' is getting mixed up. 'Imply' in logic is not the same as 'imply' in colloquial use. If the 'imply' in "Correlation does not imply causation" uses the 'imply' definition from "logic," its meaning is similar to "Correlation does not guarantee causation." Using the logic definition, the statement "Correlation implies causation" would be read as "If (there is) Correlation, then (it is) Causation".  
   Correlation is a measurent of how well a straight line fits into a 2 dimensional data cloud.    A causality law like x2+y2=1 has correlation=0.   Feble minds cannot tell correlation from causation. It gives them headaches.  
Your poker example is perfect to demonstrate the fallacy. Its not the correlation that indicates cheating it's the unlikeliness of getting multiple royal flushes that indicates cheating. When someone gets 3 Royal flushes from three different dealers, then there is no correlation bit of course one had to suspect that the 4 persons somehow worked together and cheated. 
I also recommend /r/AskPhilosophy, more philosophical than this sub...and only qualified people (that is, academically) can answer questions 
That makes much more sense. I knew that the definitions of ''imply'' were different. But for some reason I was thinking that the slightly different usage in formal logic was actually *weaker* than colloquial usage. Glad to be shown otherwise! 
This is accurate.  The majority creates a society of those sharing the "mostly" similar ideals, rather than a few over the majority... which in Democracy is a flaw.  The few learn quickly how to manipulate the many.   
Reasoning should not be subordinate to personal beliefs, and you should not hold everything you think in high esteem.  Additionally, its fine to not form an opinion on/belief about something. Largely preferable even. Its just being intellectually honest considering the often limited/flawed available data on a given subject. 
who decides the content of the education?  who certifies who is educated and who is not? 
This is absolutely true, and thank you for bringing it up. It's really the key part of "it's more complicated than it appears". Almost nothing in life, and especially in politics, can be reduced to two opposing sides, and even including yourself on one side or the other can have the very dangerous effect of biasing you against the other side without having any valid reason.  That dangerous effect is actually why I specifically said "right and left", actually. It's very easy for people who consider themselves to be left, or right, or liberal, or conservative, or whatever, to look at something and say, "Oh, yeah, that applies to THOSE guys, but not to MY guys", when in reality, it applies to everyone, no matter what. 
That reminds me of this quote.   "Just when you think you have the answers, I change the questions."  -- Roddy Piper.  
It's not always as easy as "you shouldn't hold too tightly to that opinion." Many opinions are held subconsciously, and trying to change that opinion without understanding how to change yourself is like pissing in the wind at best, and can be detrimental at worst.. 
That's exactly what you'd have, and that's why it's extremely important to try to always do it. People are becoming more and more divided all the time, anymore, because there's been such a societal push towards blocking out opposing viewpoints.  The more people who think critically about the issues they're presented with, the closer we can come towards actually solving problems and getting things done, instead of just bickering because we all misunderstand issues in opposite ways. 
Why not use this to determine what the optimal tax rates should be?  
So if human errors are systematic rather than random, does that suggest that the errors are essentially memes? 
I agree that the average opinion isn't always a good thing and it isn't always truthful. But Socrates said that the majority opinion is random ("whatever they do is the result of chance"), and I interpret that to mean "has no trend". But the bell curve phenomenon is in fact a trend, and I think a very fascinating and useful one. Socrates thought the majority opinion was worthless whereas I see it as exhibiting a pattern and having at least some value, even when the average is false or bad. 
Well maybe it's time we start including perceptions of the truth during elections. 
A governmental system that guarantees rights for all, including the right to vote and freedom of the press, goes a very long way to preventing tyranny of the minority. 
I wouldn't describe that as a flaw. The average person isn't knowledgable, kind or intelligent, they're emotional, think they know everything when they know nothing and couldn't run a store, let alone a country. Which includes me by the way, that's why I don't have any political or economic leveridge. 
That's a word for it, though I think relative really doesn't capture the nonexistent aspect that is so fundamentally missed.  If you can explain to me how they exist objectively, I'm all ears. 
You don't have to ascribe to someone's entire ideology to note they said something very true. 
Actually, your last answer is addressed in the book in that 'This isn't a very good answer but.. Answer Y' is at least cognizant of the fact that it's a very difficult question to answer. If you haven't read the book, I really recommend it.  Even though it is targeted towards avoiding bubble thinking, I found it highly applicable to my career dealing with Army officers and other government officials, which is highly susceptible to institutional inertia. 
The Army is always hiring. Got a strong back? :) That quote was from the book. 
This is the conversation that needs to be screen shot and first in r/all.   
Is it fine to believe that everything is a collection of binary choices though?  
That is something the party has always done. They've been doing such a good job erasing us you'd think people left of the democrats don't exist in America.  
Perhaps I am misunderstanding your point in a reductive sense?  How do you envision that the process of determination would work? How would the data be collected and interpreted?  There are problems with your suggested application, if handled carelessly. "Optimal"... in what sense? To what end? From which perspective? How would the method guard against the simple choise (egoism) in such a complex and ambiguous dynamic as *advantage* (for society or for individual)?  I am generally behind the principle of cooperation on a large scale, this is quite close to what I think democracy ought to be. But I think that the "optimal tax rate" is contingent on a large number of factors, as well as it is a part of a delicate and constantly mutating system.  Now, I do read the results of the studies cited as a strong argument for a more participatory/inclusive dialogical or deliberative democracy.   
Not sure what you mean by meme here, but I would say no. Not all human errors are systematic, guessing the weight of an ox is one type of random error. Weight guessing, however, shouldn't be generalized to all areas of public opinion. Some cognitive processes are biased to depend on incorrect information, leading to systematic errors. 
Chance in this instance means something closer to fortune. That is the rabble/common people just go with the flow type of thing. Socrates is not talking about statistical trends.   In fact average opinions can usually be described accurately by a trend or a pattern, but the point here is that the public trends can very well be morally/ethically wrong or unjust (ie Nazi Germany). That's not to say that majority opinion is always wrong, but the opinions of those that understand justice or the form of good are much more valuable. 
I have to disagree, the economic sphere is completely undemocratic. we spend most of our adult life there and are completely powerless.   Look at the press, it is owned by a handful of companies. The press is run for profit and owned privately. Do you suppose the owners of the press have different ends than the readers?   Look at the active voter suppression that takes place.   Do you see the absolutely insane inequality of wealth isn't a tyranny of the minority? Money is social power isn't it?   
Why have a government at all if doesn't represent your interests on some level? No one, not even smart people, has any more authority than you do on what you want out of your government. By participating you guarantee that your voice is heard.  
The "fact" vs "opinion" distinction doesn't help philosophers. It is too easy to disregard someone's argument simply because his/her conclusion sounds like an opinion. I could have a completely rational argument for the goodness of apples.   Something that brings joy is good. Apples bring me joy. Therefore apples are good.   As you say, philosophy is not science. That enables us to discuss metaphysical things like goodness or morality. It is one of philosophy's greatest strengths that it enables its practitioners to calmly and rationally discuss things that you would classify as "opinion".  
Well first we must define what you mean by morality. Morality is essentially based on the well being of sentient creatures or in this case, us humans. The moment we agree here is the moment we can talk about moral truth. For instance, it is morally wrong to kill your brother for no reason besides the enjoyment you will get from it, as this is contrary to the well being of said person. Would you agree? 
I was just wondering what "systemic" means and what causes it, without having to actually read the book(s) you mentioned.  A meme is any structure that is capable of being reproduced. This can be an idea in people's minds, or something physical like a style of shirt. For errors in human judgement to be systemic, I was wondering if that was some kind of meme phenomenon that reproduces in people's minds (See the works of Richard Dawkins and Daniel Dennet. Dennet does a better job explaining memes with his "fluke, ant, cow" parable).  But you mention biases, so I'm guessing that means some types of errors are predictable based on what effects human cognitive biases have on human judgement/opinion.  
Well this gets into whether our senses actually perceive reality. Which really doesn't have anything to do with morality. I was just using something that most people regard as objective reality as an example to contrast against. The apple emits and absorb certain light waves whether I perceive it or not, whether I believe it or not. The same can not be said for morals, unless you're going to claim that essentially there is some moral authority that is a part of the universe (essentially a god, not that it needs a personality, or even a personhood or mental state), or some aspect that imbues existence with morals. Unless you have some other ideas how they exist objectively.  If you're arguing that reality is subjective, that doesn't suddenly make morality objective. Reality being subjective doesn't make morality any less subjective.  If you're arguing that reality is objective, then my argument still applies. Morality is subjective. 
Thanks for the explanation, it helped me better understand your question. Caplan outlines four types of bias: antimarket, antiforeign, make-work, and pessimistic. Each of these relate to economic forces in which human cognition is not well practiced.  A very brief and imperfect explanation might be that systematic errors are a misapplication of biologically motivated tendencies. Caplan argues from this biological perspective (he comes from the psychology/public opinion academic field not philosophy), but I can see how the meme concept can apply in parallel. For example, if the antiforegin bias stems from a biological motivation to limit exposure to harmful pathogens, this tendency might be espoused in a meme (structure) of xenophobia at an institutional/societal level.  Caplan does a much better job of presenting these ideas and providing evidence for the predictability of these biases. If you have the time/chance, you really should check out the book. I think you would enjoy it. 
No, I am arguing that both reality and morality can be asserted objectively. 
I think what you want to say here is that moral statements are not truth-evaluable, not just that they aren't falsifiable.    Of course these are all heavyweight metaethical claims, and not just some kind of default position. Noncognitivist ethics require proofs and argument as much as any other. 
I think that the source of stability would be the balance between caution and risk that the collective would overall exhibit. Some people will be afraid of changing things too quickly, which will tend to keep things as they currently are, while others will want to take more risks by changing things, which will pull rates both up and down.   The collective will also be tolerant of a skewed distribution of wealth, especially if it's the result of some people contributing more than others. But this will only be allowed to go so far. I think the collective will manage this skewing more effectively and fairly then current political elites have been able to do. 
To know "what we want society to do for us", I think there should be a public poll. No one does that. We have elections, not polls. And I think public polls (rather than something run by private for-profit corporations) can reveal quite a lot about collective intelligence.  It would also be interesting to compare what the majority wants to what the minority in power actually does. 
There's no such thing as completely rational people.  
I do agree that this would seem likely given an equal distribution of voting power, knowledge on the issues, and a high (if not 100%) citizen engagement in the direct-democratic process.   I feel less optimistic about such a system actually being put into place and working smoothly, though I wholeheartedly agree that a redistribution of democratic decision power and governing practices closer to the body politic would be beneficial to any nation in the long run.  
that's some interesting points.  I've never understood long election campaigns, ppl should just know where to put their x, *forcing* participation by ongoing public polls could help alleviate the tendency to only pay attention @elections and help stop the snake oil salesmen of politics   
Can you establish definitions for the terms 'well being', 'conscious' and 'morality'? 
I think you just did.  You perceived a post, considered it, intended to reply, and I'm here to claim you really did.   
But there's no reason why *subjectivity* can't be an intrinsic property of the universe.  If you want to make a compelling argument as to why that isn't the case, then you should be able to positively identify a minimum set of circumstances required for subjectivity to emerge. 
They're distinct in that one can't describe an *experience* (i.e. a what-it's-like quality) by describing physical states.  One could conceivably describe what a cake is by describing physical states (at least, to a degree).  
Also full of weasel words and sentences that lead you to baseless inferences. 
The point is that you can't. Consciousness is something other than the objective; it is its complement  
The experience is subjective *precisely* because you can't be sure that your experience is the same as that of any other person. In other words, your experience of the color red doesn't have to be like the experience of the rest of the world for it to be meaningful.   So if a blind person were to spontaneously hallucinate the color red, he would have a sudden understanding of what it means to see and what it means for something to be red. Let's suppose that this blind man was miraculously cured of his blindness, presented with a color wheel and then asked "do you recognize any of these colors?"   The blind man, having hallucinated the color red already, would point at the red portion of the wheel and say "I know that one, though I don't know what it's called." 
I have to cringe anytime "intuition" is cited in philosophical or scientific argument. The fundamental benefit of logical thinking is the ability to reach conclusions without such sentimental guidelines. If recent scientific history proves anything it is that the real world is under no obligation to conform to our pet metaphysical theories. Are QFT and general relativity not reason enough to "go against common sense realism"? 
I very carefully asked "why do only brains **seem to** give rise to conscious experience".  I did not make the strong claim that only brains give rise to consciousness.  My point is that it is a huge challenge for panpsychism to explain this and incorporate what we know about nervous systems - that the brain seems to be the seat of consciousness and that it seems to be connected to its biological mechanics.  Your answer to #3 is a common one and I am sympathetic to it.  But again, it raises more questions.  What does it mean to experience something but not remember it?  Why assume there is experience without memory? 
The justification is that, even if we had a complete understanding of the physical mechanisms of "seeing red", we would very likely still be left with the question: "why do these physical mechanisms *feel like something* from the inside, rather than simply causing the nervous system to bubble up and create a certain behavior, without there being any conscious experience involved."  I think the author would admit that the biochemical process is clearly correlated with the experience, in any case. 
She was probably trying to tap into the recent Leibniz / Kant pop culture hype. 
I think you have it backwards with respect to what side of the argument needs to provide this "minimum set of circumstances." Or would you also concede that any emergent phenomenon whose mechanism is not understood in detail could also likely be an "intrinsic property of the universe?" I think the fact that usually such phenomena later reveal their mundane set of circumstances is sufficient evidence that we ought to expect that most unexplained phenomena are not themselves fundamental properties. 
Our nervous system following physical laws is what we call consciousness. There isn't really evidence to say that a rock has a nervous system which could enable abstract cognition the way even a worm could. 
I think the whole essay is premature, because the author does not support the assumption that consciousness requires its matter to be conscious. It's like arguing that because circles are made from lines, all lines must have an inherent circularity.  
Sure, but modern science still does not know how consciousness manifests, nor do we know a complete physical theory to model all known phenomena. 
We don't know, and we claim to know, but there is no evidence that it is consciousness in any known manifestation. 
Under what circumstances are you conscious and under which circumstances are you not conscious? I have been unconscious from time to time, and probably will be again soon. Yet I will continue to obey physical laws at that time. 
Purposefully dumbing down things to catch a lower audience. 
Sensory organ may not have been the best description, and I also don't think the information measuring instrument needs to be a creature (as in organic). Just for clarification.   And on deeper thought, I think there's overlap between the article's explanation and my own.  
Is that because they never make it to the party -- because they get intercepted? I like it because the logic's nice and circular.  
Then I don't see why the question is being asked. Of course matter is conscious. There is matter and consciousness, and consciousness is only found within matter with specific configurations. Not all matter is conscious, but there exists conscious matter. 
"I don't like the conclusions so let me make fun of the language." 
It's plausible the author doesn't want his real name associated with whatever socially unacceptable interests of his that can be gleaned from his comment/post history. 
Aren't you dismissing the Eureka moment and the ability of the subconscious mind to operate on problems determined consciously?  
Is that so difficult to believe? A faithful emulation of the relevant physical processes of the heart gives us "artificial" hearts.  
Computers don't have the ability to act, nor do they have the instilled desires for survival, or the evolved sensations for pain or pleasure. Add those in properly and you'd have some living beings. Might take some chemicals though. I dunno how you could program something as complex and random as chemicals flooding into an already complex system. 
Nobody is saying that (except maybe people who think consciousness was given to us by god because we're special).   Consciousness is a real mystery that is still not understood. Your arrogant classic Reddit attitude on it is not productive at all and I guarantee you don't know the first thing about it.   For reference, I have never come across anyone even remotely well read on consciousness who has exhibited that attitude.  
I am a data analyst. Since it's my job to draft and awnser research questions, I would hope I have a grasp on the scientific process. 
It's difficult to find evidence of something subjective that is not remembered.  It's an assumption and definitely a huge leap. But for me it is the simplest explanation.   Where do we draw the line for consciousness? Is a cell conscious? A small group of cells then? A section of the brain? Surely a cell gets information from its surroundings. Just like a section of the brain does. But a cell doesn't consider consciousness. It just observes. It doesn't remember that it was conscious. It doesn't react and say to itself, 'hey I'm not in control, what's going on?'. It just does.  
I'd counter that the *feeling* is just a result of the biological process. Moreover, how do you expect to prove that consciousness is *actually involved* 
Recent Leibniz/Kant pop culture hype?  I suppose this just shows how out of it I am wrt pop culture, but to what are you referring? 
Not really, because it's the emergence camp who make the argument that it must be specific *only* to life, or to life which is capable of complex thought.  I think there is a fallacy in conflating awareness and cognitive faculty with subjectivity itself.  I just assume that because the matter that makes me up has the quality of subjectivity, then so does any matter anywhere, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary.  The onus is on you to make a convincing argument as to why cognition is a prerequisite for subjectivity. 
I wholeheartedly agree that a rock would have an experience unlike a worm or human, however the author is using "consciousness" as synonymous with "capable of experience". It doesnt have to be abstract experience.  A rock could have the experience of being thrown without having deep thoughts about it or realizing that there is an "I" being thrown, which would be consciousness of self. 
True but if consciousness manifests spontaneously then uh maybe not only brains are conscious. how bout the center of a star? there's enough energy there 
I know we don't know, that was my point. Top voted answer in this thread and it says nothing at all. 
How do you know you were unconscious? All I know is that I am conscious at this moment  
But in what way does geology have anything to do with the origin of life? 
Some language is contemptible and deservingly made fun of.  
Well, is there any reason to think it is invalid? After all, humans and computers both solve problems and compute numbers. 
Intuition hints. Logic confirms.  Problem is when a hint is taken as confirmation. 
My point was that our intuitive view of the world is very much based on heuristic models derived from everyday experience. Those models rarely apply at a deeper level, although we feel they should. 
Matter cannot exist without properties. The fundemental properties are time and space. Because to exist something needs to have a place. The same goes for time, that cannot exist without matter, nor space, wich cannot have a separate existance if emty and void.  But to have qualities you need something to assign qualities. Hence the quantum observer effect.   So matter, space & time are all interdependent. And for them to exist matter has to be conscios or consciously observed otherwise it cannot have properties. Mind/Existence is the quintessence.  Matter exists because we observe it.  Thus a philosophy based upon logic must accept the existance of a mind in which the prima materia is expressed.   And thus we return to Platon and Pythagoras an finally the end of Sophistry.  
It's not so difficult and I personally do believe that. Accepting such a conclusion, however, carries a number of implications and raises questions which if not addressed in a satisfactory manner should lead one to question their confidence in the original conclusion. 
When did I say it was a problem? I spoke only of the implications from your statement.  It certainly is arguable, however, and I lean heavily toward the physicalist perspective here. 
IMO, IIT doesn't really touch the Hard Problem.  In fact, as someone who believes that dual-aspect monism as described in the OP is our best bet at tackling the Hard Problem, I think IIT has a lot to contribute to examining how the material of consciousness arranges into higher orders of consciousness (such as our brains). IIT just doesn't solve the problem of how consciousness per se is possible at all. 
Admittedly, I didn't read the article because I felt that the discussions themselves were sufficiently generic that I could participate in a general discussion about consciousness.   I will say that it seems like a common Reddit attitude to say that anything besides consciousness being a fake construct/illusion is a claim of magic pixie dust though. That being said, this article easily could be making a claim of basically magic..  
You're not wrong.  To clarify, the argument doesn't claim that structure isn't a key property to consciousness. The argument claims that from the idea that structure is a key property, it does not logically follow that consciousness is not a property of matter.   
I suppose you can but I don't think observing my environment is quite the same as observing my inner experience. Its certainly not the same as the experience itself.  
They most certainly have the ability to act if coded into them. Consider code like DNA and there ya go. Survival as well can be coded in just like it is in DNA. Pain is simply nerves sending a signal to the brain, something that can easily be compared to lots of input systems that computers have. It's closer than you're giving credit. 
You're right! I can't stand the wait until neuroscience tells is what consciousness is ;)  Just being cheeky, sorry. 
I don't see how neuroscience will solve it. The problem with consciousness is not something we can easily apply the scientific method to, because not only do we not know the mechanism, we don't have a clue as to what the mechanism could even be. And even when we do, it's not clear how to falsify it, like panpsychism  This isn't the same as the countless mechanisms we invented for all other phenomena, the vast majority of which have been discarded because they were falsified, leading to our current scientific understanding. 
Your familiarity with the scientific process doesn't exonerate you from bias, nor does it make you an expert on consciousness.   If the answer was so abundantly clear then Daniel Dennett's 'Consciousness Explained', wouldn't be so often referred to as 'Consciousness Explained Away' or 'Consciousness Ignored'.   Don't try to trivialize subjects that aren't even trivial to some of the greatest minds in modern philosophy. I'm absolutely not an expert on consciousness but I certainly know enough to recognize pretentious bullshit.  
It was a joke.  There is no Leibniz / Kant pop culture hype.  The joke being that her only reason for naming those two, out of the significant list of other applicable philosophers she could have named, would be to make her article more hip and cool by selecting those hip and rad philosophers Leibniz and Kant.  There's no other reason for her to drop those two names.  That's the joke.jpg 
I am confused by your argument; because it hasn't been proven that subjectivity is a product of cognition, it is more likely that it is a property of all matter, because you have observed it to be a property of (the present intricate organization of) your own brain matter? If I have misrepresented anything please let me know. This argument does not sound very convincing.  And the fact that cognition has not been proven to be an emergent phenomenon of more basic principles does not constitute evidence toward your claim. Your position is not default; I have no idea what you mean by "subjectivity" and I doubt that either you or I have such a property. I'm not convinced it is a property of any matter, let alone rocks or brains. (I'm not just being difficult here; I have literally no idea what is meant by "subjectivity" and I suspect you cannot define it in any satisfactory way that we will both know even approximately what the other is talking about.) 
But there would then be no differences between physical existence and physical experience, so why do we need a separate concept to describe the same exact thing? 
But we can scientifically see thar disrupting the physical system disrupts the awareness, and so is in a way more fundamental, and that awareness must be an emergent phenomena, at least from our perspective as beings with physically-derived sensory input. 
But if they are the same, then why use the word consciousness. If rocks are conscious, and everything is, then we should redefine it to be useful. 
That always seems to happen. Easily digestible comments with little or no content get voted to the top. 
They don't. They study what constitutes the earth. But you know, the dig up ancient things and so the author just jumped it as "origins of life."  This isn't really the only problem with the article. 
You can't just start making these analogies just because they "might" be accurate lol, you have to have a really solid belief that it works. I don't see any reason to hold such a belief. 
Intuition is confirmation of an active subconscious mind, this is not in conflict nor opposed to logic in my opinion. 
The first stage of the Scientific Method is intuitive by its nature, but still has to be built on a *bit* of evidence. 
The mistake is thinking the "observation" has to be conscious. The interactions happen. Period. The properties exist. Period.   When people talk about probability fields collapsing when observed, the observer is any interacting particle such as an electron or photon. Not a conscious being.  
I think the resistance to this kind of thinking lies in our innate desire to feel like humans are special and above certain things in nature. Even when someone says they've thrown away that idea, it's ingrained into them deeply so much that they can't discard a theory that isn't as well supported. It's resting upon their intuition.  
Am I right in assuming your point here is that if we don't understand consciousness enough to properly define it, how could we possibly say that a recreation of a brain is truly conscious?  I don't agree that you couldn't recreate something without understanding it, given you had a currently working version (e.g. brain). Given a working model of something less complex, say an internal combustion engine, I might not understand in the slightest how it works, but that doesn't mean I couldn't carefully recreate each part, put it together, and then say I have a working engine and measure it's output against the original.  It's in the measuring that I agree we can't say with certainty. How can we say it's a faithful emulation unless we can definite what the original actually does. 
But how doesn't it? It doesn't require anything new for consciousness to be possible, it is a materialist theory.  And again I'm not saying IIT is the final word, only that it's a plausible, sufficient, and TESTABLE theory. I can't help but notice that every philosophical discussion I see on the subject ends in stalemate. Materialism may not have all the answers, but at least it's making progress. 
As far as i can tell, it seems to be a formalization of the idea that consciousness is a emergent property of organized information processing.     The so called Hard Problem is defined as a problem that cannot be addressed by the physical world. I believe this was done to erect a firewall between metaphysical investigators and the rolling tide of scientific discovery.  (it's easiest to keep consciousness in the realm of philosophy if you define it as something unassailable by reason and science) 
But we can observe your inner experience.  We cannot experience it ourselves, perhaps. But so what?  I don't have to burn to see a flame.  I see photons from excited combusting molecules and name their shape flame.  I see your medual spike its metabolism, i see your pupils dilate and nostrils flare; I name their shape anger.  You can claim that your inner experience of anger is somehow spiritual and indefinable by an observer, but who cares? Your anger, like the flame is a real and objectively physical phenomenon.  The fact that you claim otherwise merely makes you seem nuts.   
Yeah, it's closer. I just think we're missing some big nuances. 
Good point. We don't. The two separate concepts create a lot of confusion. 
Forgive me, I should've explained myself better. I should have said "very abstract" experience rather than just "abstract experience". I'm not making the claim that there can be non-abstract experience. I meant to only convey that I assume that a rock has less abstract of an experience than a human.  
rocks wouldn't be conscious, but maybe there is consciousness "in the wind"  aka consciousness not only in humans but also animals, and also in maybe fungus 
Well it's a minor issue, I was just curious to what she may have meant. What else do you think is wrong with the article? 
If I had to speculate I very much doubt it is one small part of the brain. But it may be something like a particular circuit pattern in the cortex instead of the brain as a whole. I definitely don't think it is a single particle or some kind of quantum effect that only neurons can pull off like some have speculated. But my main point is that at this point it is all simply speculation. Not one has evidence or that matter a falsifiable theory of qualia. We are a long ways away from any kind of understanding.  
You could say the same thing about dualism - you can't make such claims because they 'seem' right either. The truth of the matter is that consciousness is not solved. But it makes sense to draw comparisons from similar things we do know about - and computers are the closest thing we know to the animal brain. Similarly, if everything else in nature has is emergent from the laws of nature, it is just common sense to look at consciousness and realise that it could very well be an emergent phenomenon like everything else.  
I don't think I can solve this at least 400 years old problem today. I merely visit forums and ask probing questions, because I'm interested in just how many people (1) are like Scientist, (2) are like his opponent, (3) understand why Scientist and his opponent disagree, etc., and whether anyone has some idea, like a new angle from which the problem could be examined. But I'm skeptical about the possibility of progress in this question. 
Ah, I see - he doesn't expect to ever need to post with his publicly identifiable persona on reddit ever again. That's kind of sideways, but OK. 
Intuition is fantastic, but it isn't infallible. I've had leaps of intuition that solved problems, and others that were simply wrong. What some people seem to be missing is that, if the average human has a few leaps of intuition per unit time, and only a small fraction of those are true, that still leads to many awesome ideas that can potentially propagate and improve the culture in which they exist.  Intuition and creativity are like evolution. They help explore the memetic landscape, but by necessity many new ideas will be shit. 
No the resistance is due to the mildest presence of intellectual rigour.   Qualia being a byproduct of any computational process is a legitimate theory but so is panpsychism.   The mystery is that we have no scientific evidence for either and no way to apply the scientific method because we don't have any way of measuring/corroborating that something is or even each other are experiencing qualia. 
It really isn't. As a data scientist, I can tell you computers are a lot closer to being a viable platform for consciousness than you might think.  As far as I know, the human brain works much closer to a black box nuerual network than I ever expected.  
Yes, that's maybe the biggest question for me that follows from concluding consciousness is not completely substrate dependent. 
If a thing is defined by its function (the function of a heart is to pump blood), then what is consciousness?  I would posit that it is quite possible that a thing is more than what we can perceive its function to be. Therefore, when we make an artificial anything based on function, we are only making a subset of the the thing. With the case of a pump to pump blood, that may suffice. But consciousness, well, the first question would be "What is its function?" At least if you want to use the heart analogy. 
That was basically what I got out of it yeah, emergence makes sense but still doesn't answer much yet.   And that makes sense, but I do think the hard problem will be solved by science. I just think it's.. Hard. Nailing down the philosophy is important for attacking the inquiry at the right angle though. Hand in hand.  
How do you observe my inner experience exactly? What does it look like? You can show me a picture of a flame, is there a similar corollary to my inner experience? Because honestly I don't feel I'm the one who's "nuts" here.  
Sure, a dog or a slug has neurons and inputs to those neurons and reacts based on those neural interactions.  And to the degree that they conscive of themselves they like PCs are kinda sorta maybe conscious.   
The only way for consciousness to seep in undetected is through quantum effects. But, I can accept that that may not be possible. Then two options remain.  1. Consciousness doesn't affect the empirical world at all.  2. Consciousness affects the empirical world on non-quantum scale and can thus be empirically observed.  We can eventually prove (2) to be true of false. If true, great, we can start studying consciousness in some way by observing its interplay with the empirical world. But if false however, we would have to explain how we are able to express our experiences in speech and talk about qualia, because the road between consciousness and the empirical world is a one-way (from brain to consciousness). So the experience of qualia would never be able to be transmitted to the brain in order to be spoken of.  
That is another view I am very sympathetic to.  There is certainly a spectrum from "too much esoteric philosophy" to "completely ignorant of philosophy" and we want to be somewhere in the middle. 
I would argue, that our nervous system allows for the sensation of being thrown, not our consciousness. If matter could experience a change of momentum, then we wouldn't of had to evolve an inner ear. Our consciousness is just a 'feeling' of our nervous system acting in a way that measures a change in momentum.   What ever experiences a rock has, it must do without sensory perception, and memory. As these are functions of the nervous system.  
Well in that case, we need a new definition for what a lot of people consider 'true' subjective experience. Your argument seems to slip into semantics rather than anything truly insightful. You're dealing with the word 'experience' rather than what it really means to experience. Surely our human experience is not the same phenomena as a molecule inside of a rock?  
yes, the equations that govern the human mind requre a bit more abstraction than the laws of motion that govern the thrown rock.  But what does that have to do with experience or consciousness?  
Is that true?  Many other people define consciousness as self knowledge.  Minds spark into consiousness when they realize that they are alive, that they are thinking, that they are a being in existence within a non-self environment. This has little to nothing to do with qualia, and everything to do with self referencing principles of organization and interaction.   
The truth of the matter is that consciousness as a topic is about the subjective. All we *have* is our direct experience of it. That's what it *is* itself that we are discussing. It's not brain waves. It's what it feels like to have them.  
Yeah, but you can't have evolution *without* those leaps of faith. It always requires the touchstone of reality, whether it's a new body shape for lizards or a new discovery in a field of science, but it takes a creative mind to have those random memetic mutations in the first place. 
Off the top of my head this sounds an awful lot like bullshit; after all we know that altering the physical state of your brain can alter both how and what you experience, where-as if how you experienced things was not a product of the physical state you wouldn't expect that to be the case.  
As a biologist, what? We barely understand what's going in in a cell, let alone a neuron. 
i really think that if the philosophers don't give up the this implacable attitude that no logic or reason can solve this one really hard question, they will never have anything useful to say about consciousness and humanity.    The problem is that they've defined the question as unanswerable.  The problem of consciousness is not actually unanswerable if you look for answers.   
I'll do what I can, what were you interested about? I only have a neuro background, so I'm afraid I can't do the math much justice.  
Actually I can't show you a picture of a flame.  I can show you a picture of something burning. Your brian interprets it as a flame.  Likewise, I can't see your experience of the word flame, but I can watch your brain while you do.    Just as the flame is really just a bunch of combustible molecules combing with oxygen and emitting photons as they relax into new conformations, your inner experience of the word or picture that I show you is really the interconnected activation of several parts of your brain.    We have the technology today to do this.  I swear I'm not nuts. Check out some FMRI studies.   
I think there's just more of a spectral nature to human and animal cognition than there is in computers. I imagine the coding would have to be very dynamic and strange if it were to account for the malleable nature of thought.  
I think your last sentence is really important. You make a distinction between the qualia and the brain, and I am OK with this distinction, but one way to resolve this is that the material brain and qualia may be two aspects of the same thing. Or two ways of looking at the same thing. I am not a strict materialist, so I do not think that qualia is reducible to physical properties *as we understand those physical properties*. However, it may be that qualia and the material are inseparably coincidental. From here you can explain further things by debating panpsychism or a special kind of structuralism.  In other words, this resolves the problem of being able to talk about qualia, even though qualia do not influence the material, because qualia are not separable from the material. 
That's true but like with most all science, nothing is necessarily *true*. That's just how we happen to perceive it, either temporarily or permanently due to our physical incapability to prove otherwise.  Well, like the article stated, as we have developed we've lost this natural experience. We now have physical senses that allow for increased experience. Just as people have lost their natural instincts with hunting/survival, we have also lost our ability to experience "base consciousness". The rock could somehow experience the change in its physical location within the space-time continuum.   Just like with blind and deaf people.. they use the same "hardware" we have, but to an increased level of ability because of the forced dependence of that specific hardware.   We can't experience just being matter, because we have extremely capable hardware that allows us to neglect the base capability of "being". 
Well, I suppose you could say it governs the `magnitude` of the experience that consciousness is having, but that's another topic. You're kinda getting way off track here.  
The fact that subjective experience can be altered by changing the brain (damage to anterior cingulate cortex can stop people from seeing contradictions in statements - damage to other parts can radically and permanently change personality) implies a physical and emergent consciousness. 
Sure, but many of those leaps of faith just fall into the abyss. There's nothing about intuition that makes it infallible. 
How is that different from altering the eye changing what you experience?  There isn't any doubt that our brain and senses are inputs to what we are experiencing.   The doubt is over what mechanism causes us to actually experience qualia - we haven't found a way to measure it yet, so its hard to even begin a scientific study of it. 
In the abstract this is possibly true but I'm not sure how you'd go about assigning probability to this in reality and specifically in this case  
As a computer scientist, internet high five. The inter-discplinary push back on the jumped up data scientists unilaterally making statements beyond anything close to being know to science begins here.   
Yeah, that is a pretty hard headed view.   I don't see how it's not answerable. I mean, I see how they could say "and we think this is unsolvable" but I think the problem itself just needs an answer to what property of the universe qualia is basically.  
Well I'm a cognitive studies guy so I have some moderate neuro background, but like, reaaaalllly moderate.   Basically just whatever interests you. Prob not too helpful to hear you talk bout something uninteresting to you. You'll prob be most engaging and interesting to me if youre saying what interests you.  
Looking at my brain is not observing my inner experience... and there is such a thing as a picture of a flame. 
So, if I understand your view correctly, consciousness is not necessary for talking about qualia, because the pattern in the brain caused by the senses, that in turn causes the experience of qualia in conscious beings, can be used to produce another pattern that leads to speech about these qualia although they might not actually be experienced. So it doesn't matter for the empirical world whether the patterns produce a subjective experience or not (although it might be necessary for them to).   This means that you can not say consciousness and the brain are two aspects of the same thing, because matter defines consciousness, but not the other way around. In that sense you would have to conclude that matter is the deciding factor and consciousness is merely a byproduct.  
ugh, ive lost the capability of putting up with that argument.    We perceive X and cannot physically prove -X, therefore -X must be true....how is that right?  So you say that if I have a gun, and you cannot prove that I don't have a gun, that you are safe and in fact I have no gun?  
Exactly!    I could say it governs the magnitude...or I could say that it has absolutely nothing to do with experience and consciousness.    The topic here (ITT) was whether applying dualism to neuroscience and physics helps solve the hard question of consciousness.  My argument is that it does not.  My justification is that if you start from unjustified assumptions, there is no way to come to a believable conclusion.   
How do you know that though? That's a piece of information that is highly dependent on all kinds of processes you learned about. Meanwhile consciousness is a direct appearance, it's appearance itself  
Number of assumptions involved? Its compatibility with our currently well-verified knowledge on various subjects?  I think those are two decent metrics to assign some sort of abstract probability. 
Imagine a being that had those things that was not. At least for me, these are the criterion by which I would judge somthing to be sentient.  Useing internal consistance to facilitate definitional understandings is not only convenient, but prudent because the logic is always sound (circular).  But beyond the symentatic discussion, do you feel that a thing can have those traits and not be sentient? 
Well the answer comes when you realize that it doesn't have to be a property of the universe or of matter - it could be something that the universe or matter do.  Just like evolution is not a property of matter, it's something that matter does.  When matter does certain things in a certain order algae evolve into land plant and when matter does certain other things in some order anger, fear, or love is 'felt' 
Why are you so certain of this? If the brain has nothing to do with your inner experience, why is it needed for it to occur?  ... can you tell me what the difference between a drawing, photo, or live viewing of the flame is? How do you know it is a flame and not something else? 
This is all just theoretical.. as is most science. An attempt to explain.  Einstein *theorized* gravitational waves.. you'd probably think that sounds crazy... Well about 100 years later we developed the technology capable of detecting them. And he was right.  He theorized about something totally unimaginable and what he originally thought would be "undetectable", turned out to be real. 
I mean it sounds like we're in agreement. There's no reason to think that you need a spine(or any other such flow of tiny polarized particles) for experience to occur.   Through induction I can infer that there are potential experiences that rocks can have.  
I could ask you to prove to me you were conscious, and you would not be able to. A machine that was built to be able to fully replicate human behaviour would act to make me believe it was also a person. But presumably, it is not conscious. Or is it? And are you any different? That the mammal brain seems to have evolved from tiny neural nets in the first few organisms, listening for stimuli and signalling to 'muscles' in response does not fit with a dualist origin of consciousness . But for the former theory, evolution, we have mountains of evidence. For the latter, only witness testimony. 
This.  Logic class should be taught at the middle school level after they have decent reading comprehension and core math skills.   
Ethics is mandatory depending on major. I know doctors, nurses, lawyers, engineers, etc. Are required to have an ethics course before they get a degree. Tying ethics to professional action makes alot of sense and is reinforced alot in college. 
I would agree completely with that. Philosophy was actually a subject in school where I grew up, and I remember how increadibly dumb everyone thought it was, I especially loathed Parmenides. We couldnt grasp what the philosophers were trying to communicate, because we would always try to concretise the metaphors instead of thinking about the idea itself. Our prefrontal cortexes werent developed enough. On the tests we just regurgitated the textbook definitions without any grasp of what we were writing.  A few concepts were understandable though, like empiricism and some parts of logic. 
Maybe then they will finally be the generation that will fix the school system.  
Askphilosophy is a better sub. There is little to be found here. 
I hate to say it but I agree. Finance does need to be multiple years. The quality of life for the whole country would improve in a single generation.  I say start with 2 years and let's see what we can get after that. 
Hahaha, yeah tbh is was a bit of a circlejerk inviting title. On the otherhand talking about it might actually make change more likely! Whereas agreeing that we all like cute puppies probably wont change anything :P 
I think we should be doing both things.  A basic financials class is a gaping hole is public school curriculum - balancing accounts, calculating interest, etc.  But knowing logic is critical to learning quite a bit of biology, chemistry and physics.  Understanding formal logic at least a little should help people follow what's happening during experimental design and writing methods sections of reports. 
It's not developmentally appropriate for young children in many cases. 
Math itself is philosophy, in a different form(logic).  Some basic principles are covered when discussing the Scientific Method.  I think in general it comes down to interest.   Kids have so many things in their lives pulling in different directions that to devote enough time in understanding philosophy doesn't happen.  Hell,  look how history is taught and tested.  Most history teachers approach history from a purely factual basis(memorizing dates, events).  Tying different events together doesn't happen. 
nothing encourages children to question the accepted truth then to teach them what to read and how to interpret it.  
Could you care to explain how it would be bastardized? Don't confuse bastardized for simple, if that's what you're thinking. 
Wait... you read Judith Butler at a Christian religious school? I Haven't read a full book from her but I feel her whole gender not inherently existing thing wouldn't jive well with Christian interpretations of gender and such. 
I totally agree with you. My daughter is going into the 7th grade, and I've started teaching her about logic and logical fallacies at home, because they do or learn anything about it in school. Not that I'm an expert, but I believe that critical thinking and reasoning skills are more important that memorizing facts and dates.  
I'm a programmer... Logic is very important for programming. Much more important than higher level math (only a subset of programmers use geometry/trig/calc but we all use logic.) However, there are a bunch of other things that one needs to learn in order to program that doesn't involve logic. And if a kid doesn't plan/want to be a programmer, they might think logic isn't necessary in their life.  I think it's better as its own class so that more relevant issues can be discussed rather than programming problems. 
Put me off for a decade and half before I embraced it lovingly. 
Two great points:  1. Biological development of the prefrontal cortex  2. Ability of high school teachers to adequately teach philosophy.  I'd love to see it taught, but it would have to be extremely simplified because of these two points. 
No, I'm sorry. No. Kids are not little adults. Their brain is not just smaller, it is drastically different.  While I do agree that school destroys creativity in children, I do not agree that you can teach philosophy to little children and expect them to get any of it. Or care about it.  You can prepare them for philosophy by giving them logic courses or *maybe* some kind of History of Philosophy class. That could work in middle school, and philosophy could work great in high school. 
It would, now people don't realize what they are doing to themselves when they spend money or have credit card debt. It's not because they are stupid it's because they simply have never been exposed. Especially in lower income families, the parents don't know, schools don't teach them, and yet we expect them to be successful. It's lunacy to think that would work.  
Literally anyone who wants the masses well educated wants grade school reform.   Also we need to pay teachers more. The quality of teachers has gone down because quality teachers are now actively making a decision to make less so that you can be a teacher. And the ones who do that are wonderful and I had many in my years of education, but I also had many who that's the only job they could get and they didn't actually want to teach.   Reform is necessary, double to triple the budget would be ideal.   
I went to a religious (episcopal) private school in a very red state, and our religion credits were satisfied by ethics or comparative religion, which was just a study of major religions. We did have required chapel service weekly but it focused on ethics, philosophy, morality, and current events rather than preaching religion. Not all religious private schools are terrible.  
Here in Germany we could choose beween religion or philosophy.   The lazy idiot I was chose religion. It was easy subject, but nowadays I wish I would have chosen philosophy 
As much as I think philosophy would be a great core subject, it's hard enough to get people to pay for subjects like art and music, where you can actually create something that you can show people. Philosophy is literally just thinking, so it would be an easy target for politicians to skewer for "frivolous spending". I mean, maybe if philosophy were taught more rigorously then people would have the mental wherewithal to realize how full of shit those politicians are, but what do I know \*Kermit meme\* 
Philosophy has been used to justify every abhorrent event in modern human history. The maxims of certain schools of thought are often used in and of themselves rather than as a framework for thought.   Remember the Nazis?  
Especially in the modern era, where facts and dates are readily available. 
This could be anecdotal, need more logic evidence. 
My philosophy education started with Epictetus' Enchiridion. It's an easy read, free, and has some thoughts and ideas that can directly benefit anyone's life rather than requiring a specific ideology. It was a great way to warm up the brain into thinking in different ways and trying to objectively and subjectively interpret points of view. Meditations by Marcus Aurelius is also a good follow up - it's a fairly easy read, and also has some good, practical thoughts in it. 
Went to a SLAC. Had the opposite experience. I wonder if the big state school model just doesn't work too good for fields that really need discussion. 
I mean, very few people are going to be a Hegel or a Russell. But that's the same in every field. They all have their giants. 
I think maybe our definition of kids is different - I'm thinking middle school and high school.   I was still throwing horse shit at fence posts in elementary school you won't get an argument from me that we should be teaching philosophy to them.  
Imagine if everyone in America set up a retirement fund and education funds for their kids. Fucking imagine it.  Quality of life would skyrocket in a generation. 
I guess that's true. But I am more concerned with the implicitly absorbed methods of thinking and the assumptions carried from one biased, ignorant teacher to the next until all of a sudden they discover "philosophy" and have to unlearn nonsense they carried with them - if they do at all. 
I remember Godwin's Law. Philosophy alone cannot be blamed. Speaking of the Nazis, you may as well point at the art academy that Hitler was denied from and make an argument against art as a whole, specifically how it can create elitism. Anything can be used to justify anything, I think it's more about how _well_ the justification holds up.  
The advantage for memorizing facts and dates is that it provides context for new information. "Why should I need to remember when the Gulf War happened; I can just look it up!" is the kind of question that gets asked. But events shape future events. If you don't have a good picture of what *has* happened you cannot possibly have enough context for what *is* happening. Same for any other discipline: the other things you know help you filter through and contextualize new information. If you don't bother actually remembering stuff because you can always look it up, you will just miss key context.  
Formal logic can rescue us! The argument has this format: P implies Q. P. Therefore, R. "All men are Socrates" is a completely different sentence, formally, from what's in the rest of the argument.   Another way to think of it: all dogs are mammals. My dog Fido is a mammal. Therefore, all dogs are my dog Fido. That's obviously silly.  
Yes, but I don't think kids should be taught that there will never be anyone like them again, because that's the impression current lessons give. 
Yeah that's what I meant for the second part. It wasn't just memorization of some facts, it was more like, "summarize this philosopher's argument and then argue for or against". You really had to understand the philosopher's argument to take either side, so the understanding was tested more thoroughly. Plus, if you made any illogical jumps in your argument than it was immediately obvious. 
In that case I agree. They are ready for logic courses or intro to philosophy courses in middle school for sure. 
I don't want to think about it... I'm at work and a half chub wouldn't be acceptable.  
That memorization of historical dates and personalities in history class always bored me to tears, until I had an excellent world history professor in college who would launch into in depth chronology and explain WHY things happened. Some people had a drought or a war and had to move, so they went next door and took over another kingdom, causing them to evacuate into their longtime allies' lands, causing more war and strife. Those connections are what is often missing in history classes in the states. 
Unfortunately, faulty logic spoken loudly is winning. There's gotta be a super-logic that, uh, trumps, the BS.   
All dogs have four legs. Fido has three. Therefore, Fido is not a dog. 
We are all redditors? That's all I've got. that, and a bit of a headache. 
If CS 101 students were struggling with [!False=True], how do you expect kids to understand that? 
I see. :)  Half of the marks were for just memorisation, but there was another half where you did have to properly argue them. So forming logical arguments and communication was a part of the course.  Saying that there was so much actual content to learn, and any of it could come up, that I think for the vast majority of students all we actually did was try to focus on our memorisation as that's all that felt that mattered at least. It's a shame, I did love the content but having to try to remember each and every fact about it kind of ruined it a bit for me.  
You'll be happy to hear that history and schools has changed a lot. It no longer simply deals only with dates and events but aims to create more understanding around the human factor. At least where I'm from.   Source: Am a High school history teacher.  
There is! Just say "my logic is the best logic! No one else has better logic than me!" 
That's great to hear. The whole reason we need to study history is to understand why things happened in the past, so we can steer things in a different direction (usually). Thanks for all you do, by the way. I know I couldn't handle a roomful of teenagers politely. 
There's no fallacy, just an untrue statement, "all dogs have four legs" ignores the reality that some dogs have more or fewer legs because of injury or genetic mutation 
If something is both true and false the whole statement is false. 
Thanks, I didn't understand the odd point triangle thingy. 
totally agree. Way more applicable to the real world than a lot of philosophical discourse and that's kind of the theme of the article.  
I came here looking for someone to say this. It's hotly debated whether or not *the Prince* was a work of satire.  
I found that before I read it I could kid myself into thinking the politicians were just incompetent. Now it just seems like they're doing it on purpose! Make's you think - if politicians weren't Machiavellian would they even be at the top? 
Machievelli didn't really advocate for cruelty to the populace in the sense of a Kim-Jong Un or a dictator. While cruelty is evil, it can serve a purpose (I believe 1 example was the public display of a cruel man who was murdered and left out for all to see). And even then he said that you should do it in 1 quick succession so that nobody can take up arms against you and so the hated of the people would fade with time. 
Glad you mentioned this, because this article's interpretation of The Prince is a more outdated opinion. 
Maybe if you bought the "Cliff Notes" for specific books, then you might understand the meaning of  the story and style of the author. These notes sometimes are used to bypass reading the assignments, but using them together with the book could help you remain interested.  
While I don't agree the book was a satire, it wouldn't matter. The subject matter is held in high regard and holds valuable information for ruling subjects. In other words; whether or not the book is satirical, or whether or not Machiavelli was just joking around is irrelevant and your professor did you a disservice. 
I've always preferred Frederick the Great's  Anti-Machiavel essay. I prefer the view post-enlightenment he takes on how a ruler can be moral, and still hold power. You could even see Frederick himself as the greatest example of a benevolent ruler who still had his realm prosper. 
I think that's exactly why The Prince is still relevant. Machiavelli appeal to basic human nature, and it's unlikely to change, even for another century. 
If you haven't read conquest of bread (which you should), the biggest problem that relates to this quote is that people grow tired and hungry, so why bother with the new when the old is so much more comfortable and reliable? 
Maybe there's no real difference, effectively speaking? 
In Italian, 'ordine' corresponds to 'order' in English; as in a new order. But it has also been translated into 'order of things' in English which is an awkward construction.   For me, more common is 'system'.  What good is a philosophical lesson if you cannot apply it to a new paradigm and context?   That is all. :) 
It was all translated from Italian.   Ordine is not used in English the same way that it is in Italian - it can and probably should be interpreted as 'system' in this context.  In any event, it is certainly true today and this quote seems remarkably prescient. 
One could conclude that advice to tyrants would also be very valuable advice to those under a tyrant.  "The reason I wrote political satire was because I thought it - politics - was important... that public policy was important. Then I transitioned into books, then into radio."  ~Al Franken  
The Prince described the steps necessary in order for a ruler to rule absolutely; he wasn't necessarily advocating it. Though the Prince is also his best known work, it was just a short pamphlet written essentially as a cover letter. I'm not an authority on Machiavelli but I do know he put far more effort into other works, such as the Discourses on Livy, which extolled the virtues of a republic. 
If he simply told you that that was the truth and you all believed him, he did you a real disservice.  
I'm not familiar with The Hagakure: Is there anything you could tell me about it that I couldn't easily pick up from a wiki-walk? 
I have a quote by Machiavelli that may change your mind but I'll have to find it when I get home 
Nipsen definitely didn't copy and paste that. Or, if he did, he copied it from himself. He has a pretty distinct grammar that be seen in all of his comments- they were clearly all written by the same author. And the awkwardness of his speech isn't a result of iamverysmart-ism, I'm reasonably confident that he isn't a native English speaker.  
lol, wouldn't want to call myself that, and don't really agree with the view that philosophy and politics is part of a self-building system of sorts. As opposed to probably having a slightly less optimistic view of the large lines in history, and believing very firmly in how individual bits and pieces can be maintained and created separately, even as they exist in free-fall off the edge of the Earth - or perhaps often maintained really because such views and political situations are so much in opposition to everything that happens around it that they become impenetrable to the discourse and interaction the larger systems would require. But thanks ;) 
How about you guys think about the people around you instead of scheming like Machiavelli? Jesus Christ, you guys are making this world out to be like House of Cards. If you're a genuine person, you will go a lot farther than some little schemer 
You're correct. He actually never takes much of a stance in any of his writings; they're an analysis of the things he's observed.  
The prince is essentially a super long resume to get him a job with the medici family. He mentions that he prefers republics right at the beginning.  
So do I. Masking your opinion as facts and then appealing to authority of... yourself?  
That's cause they are just puppets stringing along the agenda ever so smoothly. It's the bankers and the investors that have this world by the balls.  
I guess understanding the reasoning behind the sleaze makes it more bearable.  I'm Canadian and earlier this year the PM broke one of his biggest campaign promises about electoral reform and a lot of people were pissed. The current electoral system makes it possible for a party to have a majority government with only a minority of the popular vote and he campaigned on the promise to make it more fair.  While it's not cool that he broke his promise to change the system, I understand why he did it because he wouldn't have a majority government without the current system. 
Idk. I find Robert Greene's stuff to be very vague and non-practical, more along the lines of entertainment.  
Is there any indication the commonly accepted English translation is incorrect or incomplete?  Using that logic, without knowing otherwise, the 16th century Italian word could have actually meant "defines" instead of "justifies." Please let me know what you find. 
Not a bad idea. It's really that old style writing is boring. But I know for a fact the subject would be fucking interesting if it was written in modern day style. I can read science articles with great gusto as the language makes sense to me but once you start becoming Shakespearian on me I switch off. 
Agile is so dumb. Hire people you trust, give them tasks, leave them alone. Works for us. 
I believe Machiavelli addressed the problem by noting that Philosopher Kings were the exception and not the Rule.    Also Frederick the Great was born into power; The Prince was ostensibly written for the usurpers of power.  Very rare is the Philosopher King who is also an Usurper.  by 'ostensibly', I mean that he knew that Lorenzo De Medici knew all these things already...and that the book was written in normal Italian vernacular.  This would have been fine for The Divine Comedy (also released in this manner) but it laid bare the secrets of power in plain language, using evidence and reason; it was not obscured with Latin, or in roundabout religious moralizing.  It is unclear to me why Pope Leo allowed it to be published. 
See: Everyone who benefited at the cost of others under the Batista regime crying real hard when the regime fell. 
Over a century since his death, the ghost of Karl Marx wakes from his slumber. "Holy shit dude", he says to his good friend, Engels. "We totally forgot about human nature!" 
No the person you are replying to is correct, the *goal* of communism is *no state at all*, but yes the failure mode of a powerful state controlling every aspect of the economy does seem inevitable because of the incentives for those in power.   
So are you denying that quote is in the book or are you denying our interpretation of it? 
Wouldn't call Machiavelli's work "simplicistic". Nietzesche work was on purpose impenetrable, and Plato's "Republic", keeping in mind when it was written, is quite easy to read, and doesn't really require much philosophical preparation.  I think since the topic is politics and social organisation, it is naturally easier to read than more metaphysical books, such as "Being and Time".  
You seem very eager to disagree with the popular answers on this thread and demand sources for widely held interpretations. What I'm not seeing is any alternative explanations or any sources of your own that would refute any of the statements anyone else has made so far. You're not really contributing to the discussion in any meaningful way.  
I would say that the forward of the book tells you enough about the history of it.  The book relates the anecdotes of a samurai during a time when they transitioned to being middle/senior managers in Japan.  The difference between how this book was treated by the Suzuki family (kept in secrecy for decades) vs the de Medicis (spread far and wide) says a lot more about the value of the material to the reader.  If you read both books from the perspective of a "young prince" being influenced or educated by an author, the contrasts are interesting. 
But you wouldn't contend he didn't mean it, right? 
lol, nice answer! I didn't mean to call you a Neo-Platonist, but your methodology was very Chicago-School inspired. Good read! 
I ought to have specified the lecture series, for which I apologize. T. Bratton, western civ political thought (IV), spring 2009. We were discussing the differences in expected, ideal, and actual rule.  
Absolutely, don't forget that for every Vladimir Putin there are also a Donald Trump, Park Geun-hye, Dilma Roussef and Mariano Rajoy - incompetent figureheads being propped up by external interests gaming the system. 
Lol fair enough, that pales in comparison to the level of corruption we deal with in the States. We have our current administration passing laws that allow Coal Mining Corporations to just dump coal dust into nearby rivers, because "overbearing government!" and our President firing the head of the FBI as well as many other officials because he tried to manipulate them, and they refused (stopping investigations by the FBI for his friend, etc.)  This and more, PLUS our current President was elected despite losing the Popular vote, and complaining about the electoral college system just a few months before running... So kinda like your PM but much more crass and embarrassing. 
A lot of people say this. Could you please elaborate your comment? 
I never got to study it but I wish I could have. Political philosophy is by far my favourite field. 
How do you come to trust those you hire? Especially right after you hire them? 
It strikes me that many politicians and activists want Frederick's image, as a Machiavellian cover for their actual goals...  
Not only supporters of this or that regime, but anyone with wealth, regardless of how it was acquired. It must suck to lose the family farm even if it was earned through generations of hard labour.  
If history taught us anything, it is that we should take notes from it and think about its effects on the modern world and learn about the mistakes of the "dead generations". Your quote applies to Communism as well, we have seen to many failed communist states which resulted in dictatorship. It is amazing how people can't see how foolish all out socialism is in a world where the greed and hunger for power of humans had to be regulated since the first human appeared (and even longer than that). We haven't been doing well in putting society over individuals en masse. Maybe a few percents of humanity, but not enough to create a system based on individuals being selfless for the greater good and quotes are not arguments, they are words put in a seemingly smart manner. 
Yeah, which is the main cause for the divide between anarcho communisn and Marxism-leninism. 
It's a bit like how agile folks always says that if it's not successful, you're just not doing it properly.  You are right about Marx AND make a valid argument, but I always found this "it was just never done right" argument to be a rather poor counter. 
Did you not read the comment above me? He basically said the truth that Communist leaders never give up their power. 
How does one implement communism except by force?  There's a reason it always turns into a dictatorship. 
I understand that the end goal of communism is no government, but that has never happened and is probably never going to happen. 
I studied political philosophy in Paris and Montreal and this narrative about Machiavelli is the most common one. I was very surprises when I read the blog post and thought it was so ill-informed that I had to read the comments, hoping someone would beg to differ.  
Good point. Simplistic is not the best term to use. Maybe tangible/applicable since you can relate Machievelli themes/ideas to real world events if you really devote the time. Or maybe someone else has a better classification term. 
Thank you, kindly. I think I might have to find myself a copy  
Pretty sure in Brazil's case it's Temer that is being propped up by banker and high-class interests, whereas Dilma was impeached exactly because she didn't go *full neoliberalism* (only 75%).  In the USA's case, while it sounds ridiculous to call a billionaire anti-establishment, there's no denying that HRC was a much more interesting choice to the establishment than a wildcard than Trump (and definitely more than Sanders). 
Actually Trump was the reason I first read The Prince. I was shocked by how he won with what most would call an unconventional campaign so I had to do some reading to figure out what was going in his head. 
Greene mostly relies on vignettes about popular historical figures to discern his "laws." As such, it feels like he's just creating characters to advance his narrative. He doesn't provide any real insight into human behavior. Just cool-sounding stories from which a vague  "law" is formed.  
Hire people in your networks. Nepotism has survived for a reason: it works. 
Frederick was pretty Machiavellian too in practice. Yes, he followed some Enlightenment ideas like free press and such.. but was also very much in favour of replacing Polish identity and power in Polish conquered territories, using repression, confiscation of lands and settlement by non-Polish immigrants. 
It must suck even more to never have the opportunity to have a family farm.  (Also, your ancestors' work is not your work.) 
You seem to have ignored the quote altogether. You should not be caught in what was in the past (and how it dressed itself up as) but rather how it *ought* to be in the future. If you wanted to be consistent with that line of thinking, you would never learn from mistakes and progress because the first pitfall would have you giving up.  Rocket blew up? No more space exploration! Hitler was elected? No more democracy! A guy stabbed someone? No more knives! 
No, the point i made about pre-neolithic social organization shows that exploitation and domination are not inherent in human nature. We are not condemned to continue living out our horrible (relatively recent) social behaviors.  The only constant thing about life is change,  and about life in general; evolution. We have reached a point where we must continue to evolve spiritually if we are going to survive as a species with any modicum of dignity. How are we to solve the major ills of our existence if not through communal decision making and planning? 
Between those two, by the way, there are many different variations of socialism as well. 
Can't redistribute the wealth if you don't have any wealth built up. 
No, you're thinking of a system in which a group of leaders seize power in the first place, which isn't an orthodox Marxist position; the Marxist position is based on the working class as a whole seizing the state and gradually dismantling it, but first using it only to protect agaisnt counter-revolutionary activity staged by capitalists. 
There's just a lot of socialists/communists here. Rather than defend the merits of communists countries, countries that always have to block people from leaving, they find a boogyman in capitalism. First as if capitalism is the only form of non-communism and second as if people aren't lining up in the millions to enter capitalist countries.  --------  It's just an astounding and willful ignorance. 
.... Not talking about the United States political party here. 
I think relatable, as you used, it's a really good adjective. But I'm curious if there are better terms as well! 
This is your interpretation based on nothing with mounts of evidence and logic stacked against it.  
Him still being alive and in power makes him a perfectly competent Machiavellian to me. 
Couldn't agree more. They just added to the pleasure of the reading experience and also serve as testament to the lesson. Again, his books truly improved aspects of my life, especially in conflict situations at work. They're books that everyone should read. 
Nepotism survived because people keep having children. :p 
Why wouldn't it be? In any system, your ancestor's work is why you zoom across the sky in metal tubes and eat warm food every day. The prospect of a better future, whether under socialism or capitalism, is what powers us.  It's only natural to want your children to have everything you couldn't have. 
Yeah, too many to explain in one post. Just thought I'd explain the two major camps 
All I am saying is that there is a very good chance that the Communist leader would not step down, and if they did someone else could easily fill their shoes. 
Yep. Such large experiments pretty much require a large wallet to get it started. I'm not much of a communist myself, but it's true that it never got the benefit of an easy start. 
I am replying to his comment saying that there's a good chance the Communist leader will not step down. 
I see that we agree. I didn't think that would happen on this site lol.  
I mean no, they can't. That's why the USSR failed. That's why China failed. That's why Venezuela failed.  You have no basis to make the claim that the government could provide for people. None. In fact we have tons of evidence that demonstrate the exact opposite.  
So you have no number, just vague criticisms. Let me know when you have something concrete you want to discuss. 
I'm somewhat familiar with the philosophy of bushido, if that's what your getting at. I've got a copy of Musashi's "Book of Five Rings" somewhere, though I haven't looked at it since high school  
Exactly, being a good Machiavellian doesn't mean being hailed as God Emperor by the whole populace. It's staying in power in spite of strong opposing factions and successfully navigating the political minefield. 
Oh, man, you are hopeless.  It's an article, he writes in the article Diderot and Voltaire held the view that the Prince was a Satire. But look at you, it's an article it confirms your bias and clearly this anonymous is greater than Diderot and Voltaire, among very many other philosophers.  Sorry, friend, I get frustrated because I offered you empowerment and you took conformity.  I offer you the Blue Pill you take the Red Pill. (using your references).  You be your own authority you read the works of Machiavelli; History past and present isn't pretty and a lot of it is propaganda. 
I zoom across the sky in metal tubes because of the work of pilots and engineers and other people who do the work to make airplanes happen. I eat warm food many days because of the people who made the stoves and the food.   Yes, some work of some dead people enabled this work. Their work is not our work. More to the point, though, what my ancestors did is no more what I do than what your ancestors did is what I do, i.e. not at all. The only work you do is the work *you* do. 
I don't need propaganda to tell me "no rulers" would lead to chaos.  
If an individual or group of individuals seize power during a revolution then those leaders would not be Communists, this is the point of the poster above.  
The technological advance would happen in a communist system, too. What would not happen is the gross allocation errors. 
Yeah it's unfortunate isn't it? You even see some people defending Venezuela's current govt... willful ignorance indeed 
It's also why western Europe succeeded. I believe that's what the guy above was hinting at. You can enact some forms of social security without going full communist. 
That's not the point of Greene's books, so why make this point? You said what he says isn't practical, and Id argue that it is. You're just babbling on now. Enjoy the rest of your day. 
Oh, lol I know, it was more of a joke since you know, Cuban people barely had food to eat and had to literally device ways to make everything work but he was wearing full Adidas tracksuits with some expensive sneakers. Practically a trillionaire in that sense, though not literally. 
That is empirically false if you look at the Spanish civil war, unless you mean *many* hundred people. 
I don't see why it's acceptable for professors to be marxist but not national socialist. I don't see the difference that these people keep insisting is there.  
The European states didn't go partly communist. So I don't know what you're talking about to be honest.  
Well he does infer a "law" from simply an example or two. Shouldn't he be more detailed, and more extensive, if he's to infer about something as grand as "The laws of power"? 
No it isn't, just depends on the size. An anarchist society has no way to protect itself effectively. 
I wasn't really commenting on any next step.. Just that we wouldn't have gotten to where we are. I'm not able to give any legit comments on what is and isn't possible 30 years from now 
The guy above was talking about pooling our money together for the better good, as the European Union does with healthcare and other social services. Between savage capitalism and communism, there are a bunch of solutions. 
Who say they aren't?  For the analogy to be as close as possible, the requirement is humans obliviousness to the fact that they are livestock.  
A vapid meat eater huh? So you like your meat boring.  Nah, but in actuality I agree with your comment in that I find this carnivorous sentiment distasteful. 
Nature is arguably far more cruel and animals suffer far more when in nature. It's full of starvation and ruthlessness.  If it was between living in a non factory farm (which is disgusting) or in the wild, I might choose the farm.  Food security, safety from predators, communal living. Sure there is death at the end but my life expectancy would be higher on the farm (obviously not in all situations e.g. lamb or calf). 
And unless you're the one carrying this out and have a way to not get caught, what makes you or anyone you know and love immune from the "culling"? 
Fucking thank you, I'm glad somebody here said it.  
A key to the argument is that animals live happy and comfortable lives until their premature death. I don't think anyone is arguing that the way many industrial farmers treat animals bred for food production is ethical. It's an argument that prematurely killing them might not necessarily be unethical, as long as we also treat them well while they are alive. 
And occasionally are forced to cannibalize, leading to prion diseases... 
I see your logic but by that logic we should all go totally vegan (as in not eating or using any animal products), stop owning pets or livestock and all zoos/wildlife places that aren't for species preservation purposes as well as all circuses (because there still are some) should close down and we should give all animals all human rights as well as political power (and we should learn the animals' language naturally because would *we* want to be uplifted through cybernetic implants?). 
I think that's true but the question probably also needs to add premature slaughter. So it's not just would you choose slavery over non-existence, it's would you choose slavery and a premature death by slaughter over non-existence.  Also, I feel like these arguments don't consider that non-existence isn't guaranteed. We could strive to help species from going extinct. 
That's only if you think of each consciousness as 100% individual. I think with consenting parents, there's an argument that the child consents as well. Because if you take an objective view, a child is just a biological extension of its parents. It all depends on where you draw the line of identity which is very much a grey area  
But you can also choose not to buy it at all. If you are against animal suffering, you wouldn't eat meat at all. We don't need meat. You wouldn't eat your dog or cat, so why eat a cow or pig? Just for taste? Yes, they may have lived a good life, but it's unnecessary to kill them in the first place :) 
They understand. That's why they're so scared when they get forced into the slaughter houses. Animals have jumped out of trucks on the way to slaughterhouses. They scream when they get forced into the gas chambers. Do you think holocaust victims walked willingly into gas chambers because "hey, at least death is better than the concentration camp"....?  No, we fight to our will to live. Just like animals fight for their right to life. We take it away from them, even when it's unnecessarily for humans to eat meat. There is no justification. 
A parent could make the decision to abort prior to the child being born with the information that they will live a limited existence.  A consumer chooses to eat meat knowing that it increases the population of farmed animals (if they even bother to think about it).  Both are choices made on quality of life.  Obviously with he child, there is also the angle of the parents quality of life and other social pressures so it is far more complicated than the farmed animal choice. 
But what if its one of those 100 year wars all over again and you get unfrozen 100 years into the future and everyone you know is dead and you are in extreme shock from the change of environment of everywhere and you realize we have all become slaves to primates  
Well, I was merely invoking the Golden Rule, that's all. 
I also dislike the greater good arguments. I prefer to focus on the minor good. Anyway I'd eat ducks whether it was good or bad. I just don't pretend I'm doing it for good reasons. I do it because they taste delicious. 
I've heard it with love but either way, it's only better to have lived (or loved) and lost than to have never done it at all if loss (in the living sense meaning early death, not just meaning death) is guaranteed if you start and those aren't your only options 
It's also hinging on the collection of the animal as a species in existence. The argument of how this relationship is good breaks down when you refer to the individual animal, their needs and well being personally. What good is that pigs exist as a collective species if the individual is not cared for.   If we approached human ethics as a value to the collective even when it's a threat to the individual we wouldn't accept these opinions so easily. 
The wild hogs that are doing well are cross bred with the big nasty hairy European wild boars that were nowhere near domesticated when accidentally released into the (North American) wild where they bred with domestic pigs creating a hybrid that thrives in the wild. It's not like some farm pigs just broke through a fence and started breeding in the woods. I don't know if cows and chickens have wild relatives to breed with that would combine their domesticated rapid reproduction rates with some wild ancestors knack for staving off predators and other threats. 
Thank you for this wonderful argument. Now I know what I can say next time some defends their eating of some cheap chicken because 'otherwise it wouldn't have lived!' (I also strongly suspect they have never been depressed, because that teaches you to rethink life as a gift and a wonderful thing in itself.) 
To your first point - The number of pigs that exist for human consumption dwarves the number of all other pigs on earth, by orders of magnitude.  More pigs exist to be turned into sausage mcmuffins than have ever been in all the world's zoos combined.     
Same goes with humans of similar intelligence levels, right? 
Eating animals being good for the animals is a contradiction already. I'm not sure how that's a debate. 
Mmmm,. those antibiotics sure taste good!  Other than being more humongous than they should be, what else is different about them? 
Is it always a rational and informed decision? I feel like we are bridging into the theoretical here. Slaves had terrible living conditions and rarely had medical services to keep them living for very long. It was very often a short, harsh life. But they/we had/have that instinctual drive to keep going forward, regardless. I don't think we generally take an objective view from the inside, and determine if our life isn't worth living anymore. Like I said, only the minority ever has. 
There's a fundamental issue with your statement. Humans will not face any threat to their existence if they are not being held as slaves. 
It's not a paradox. As Absolemic pointed out, there are plenty of people, who choose non-existence, despite efforts to discourage suicide. Nobody can be unhappy about not having lived. It's just not causal. 
I didn't consent. :/   I wasn't old enough to. :P    
It's possible to imagine engineering an animal that has a brain that is wired only for fear and pain, feeling pain at all moments apart from when its life is threatened, and without the ability to reason it'd always choose a life of pain over release. So letting the animal itself decide would be a poor choice, we'd need to make decisions based on our greater knowledge ability to reason. 
We don't know whether they understand or not, though I think there is pretty compelling evidence that chickens do not.  Animals are by nature inclined to be afraid of handling by strangers, transport, new environments etc. Being afraid and/or panic-stricken does not mean they understand death. Humans can be deathly afraid of things they know are harmless (like house spiders). The fear is instinctive, not logical. 
Yes they are both choices about quality of life, but one is about quality of life after the life is already conceived and the other is about the life before it's conception which in my opinion makes them fundamentally different questions. 
That'd just be the price of war. They had better just hope that whoever wins the war has a good mental health care policy. 
Alistair Reynolds has a series of sci-fi books in which one of the secondary characters was a member of a freeze-thaw battalion. Fight a war, get patched up and stuck in the freezer until the next war breaks out.   Far-fetched by today's standards, but there is an undeniable tactical advantage in having your best and most experienced soldiers available for every war that happens over the course of a century or two. 
Your snarky comment aside, they probably would. We have massive population issues and any form of cull would do a lot for our impact on the Earth. At least some function would be served in the form of providing sustenance to the LGMs. So this particular hypothethical changes nothing. 
By that logic, if we're oblivious to one thing, we must be oblivious to everything and a whole lot more horrific stuff could be happening. 
But some people actually think about their actions and adjust their behavior if it doesn't fit their world view.   To do something "because I want to and no one stops me" is a fairly flimsy  ethical argument. Whereas "what I do is morally beneficial to all parties involved" might be arguable if it's true or not but is at least rock solid if found to be true.  
In a way it works out. - the species survives since we rely on it for food, while society matures to a level where we may decide collectively to stop eating them we have certainly reached a level now where we decry the extinction of any species regardless of it's immediate usefulness. The moment we decide to stop eating them we will also take measures to ensure they survive - at least as long as we do. 
I think you gotta throw taste as a factor in there too. People typically don't eat snakes and lizards not because they think they look cool, but because they generally taste like shite. 
I hope that's true. Please define humane industrial agriculture, and how it differs from standard practice or perhaps our idea of standard practice.  
The reason that they are so Ill adapted to the wild is that they have been bred for centuries to be docile and as large as possible 
Many cultures over history have chosen slavery and other horrible abuses over genocide and generations later won their freedom. It sucks but where there's life, there's hope. Literally anything, even death later beats death right now - for most of us. 
It's better for the pigs and the planet to have less, longer living pigs 
And that is exactly the same argument people made about animal suffering, because animals are not human and therefor doesn't feel pain. And we even can go further and worst, as the same kind of thing also was suffered by women which were considered not much better than animals and therefor the same rights and such men had were not appliable to them. You know, they were Y, not X, right ?  The arguments are NOT different and what makes them right or wrong doesn't change because it is applied to Y instead of X. What IS different is the hypocritical measure bar used for Y. 
The happy pig people think of on the farm is not the real wild boar that exists outside of domestication. Not even the same species. Same goes for cows and chickens. If you've ever seen a wild turkey, they are a far cry from your thanksgiving bird. I don't know how anyone can even compare when these species were created, literally, to be our food. 
It *isn't* the same argument, though. Raising a pig for food, giving it a good life, and slaughtering it quickly and humanely is meaningfully different from raising a bull so that it can be tortured to death. 
I'm not a fan of slippery slope arguments. I don't understand how you put a human in the context of a farm animal. That's messed up. 
I don't think most people believe that life itself has value.  Sentience, perhaps, but not life. I've never seen anyone mourn bacteria, but they are as alive as any animal. 
I'm a vegetarian who hasn't even pork for even longer than I've been veg, but "do your research" is a copout argument to make. If you have proof of something, share it - "research it out" is the same thing conspiracy theorists say when they are unable to form compelling arguments.  
Not if you think that the animal wouldn't exist if it wasn't ultimately going to be eaten. I don't agree with the argument but you can't just take one part of it out of context and call it a contradiction.  
Hey! Thank you for saying so. I thought I got in too late for someone to read it. Appreciated :) 
Unfortunately factory farms don't let guests freely inspect their facilities. There's a reason activists often have to go undercover as employees to get footage for documentaries. 
Beef cattle are tough and can take care of themselves. Free range cattle were a thing not long ago. 
Depends how you raise them. Humans can be raised in such a way that they don't have any language, etc. It's doubtful that such a slave would understand its position much better than an animal. 
To be fair, it was also the best way to get the grad students to show up. 
I mean it'd sure be better to be unfrozen 100 years later than to die huh.... but then again all your loved ones would be dead, I think it'd depend on the optimism of the person. 
Maybe, maybe not.  One common military criticism is that we always train for the last war.  If we resurrected a bunch of hardened WWI Soldiers and sent them to fight ISIS, they'd dig a bunch of trenches and start writing poetry.  Who knows, that might work... No one has tried it.  The point is that you'd still have to retrain hardened combat vets to modern TTPs. 
Do some research. We do not have massive population issues. As countries enter the first world we see a decrease and even negative population growth. Most first world countries are reaching a point where without immigrants to bolster the work force they are having issues with economic growth.   You would have to be either ignorant or racist to believe the world is having a population problem.  
I was thinking more along the lines of species security. Is a species with a greater amount of genetic diversity more successful and/or less likely to go extinct than one with less diversity?  I seem to remember a statistic that suggested humans, at one time long ago, were reduced to a bottleneck of 1000 breeding pairs. 
No one would trade living a hard life in the wild to a wonderful life where every human being is eaten when they are 7  
Both are living entities, and pigs are pretty smart. We wouldn't raise a human with the same level of intelligence as a pig then kill him and eat him, so why do we do that to pigs? 
It think it could be scaled, but plenty have argued the worst existence is better than non-existance. 
I agree that is is questionable, but many people regard "life" as a good in itself. 
That's fair. When I am back on a non-phone computer I will edit the comment and add links.  
You're right, eating animals is delicious. That doesn't justify all suffering done in the service of eating animals.  Meat production is often terrible for the environment, terrible for animals, and terrible for humans if not eaten in moderation. 
And we're equating the animal existing with it being good for the animal in this case why exactly? Or is your argument that existence trumps everything, and it doesn't matter what conditions the animal exists in?  Yeah guys, those chicken coups that are overcrowded with fat unhealthy chickens on top of each other three times over is really good for the chickens. It's GOOD when you give animals a diet that makes them unhealthy and sluggish. 
Well domestication does lead to reduced genetic diversity, which can leave domesticated plants and animals vulnerable to pests and diseases, and therefore can threaten our food supply. But there are feral populations of domesticated animals all over the world: feral dogs and cats, feral pigs, feral cattle in some areas, feral horses.  
In the UK in the new forest there are wild roaming horses and cattle, they are looked after but they aren't owned and they go where they please  
ok. I love my pets, so I'm fine with holding them as my slaves. If you think I should stop and release my cats into the wild, I'm all ears. 
The loved ones could have all chosen to freeze themselves and be unfrosted 100 years later too. 
Rather similar actually. Reynolds' universe adheres to the principle that superluminal travel is impossible, so all interstellar journeys take years, with people awake on the ships (called Lighthuggers, as they travel at velocities up to .99c) experiencing significant dilation compared to the rest of the universe. The combination of cryostasis, time dilation and life extention tech allows for a great many interesting events and plot points happening at different timescales. Probably my favorite modern hard sci-fi author. 
Hahahaha the ignorance is astounding. India, Hong Kong, and China are having massive overpopulation issues, but I guess they just need to become first world countries, right? That will solve the issue completely, according to you. How simple.  The fact that you ignore the rest of the world and only use first or near-first world countries to support your claim is pretty disheartening to see on such an intelligent subreddit.  But go ahead, explain how this makes me racist. This should be good. I'm in need of a good laugh. 
No. It's all the same calculus: use a species for companionship, labor, or food. Whatever is beneficial.   And the lines aren't super distinct. Lambs and rabbits are cute and sometimes pets. But they're also food. I've eaten horse meat; it's pretty common in eastern Europe and a lot of other places, too.   
Bringing it back to the aliens analogy - as far as we know, we aren't in any prisons. However, we could be in a prison the size of our galaxy, or the size of our observable universe. There could be a bigger world out there. Does it matter to us if we don't know whether we are in a prison?  If the fish in the tiny container doesn't know it is in a prison, and it doesn't know the existence of the sea, then the fish wouldn't even have thoughts on "taking its chances in the real world". 
Not that it matters, but we likely wouldn't be eaten until we were in our late teens, assuming we're being used for meat.  
No, its not. But it's certainly better than eating people alive as their short lives were miserable.   
Better in what respect?  The bacteria don't care, obviously, having no consciousness. 
well that's the argument of the thread - that a bad existence is better than not existing at all . I definitely think it's a reasonable argument.  
An influx in a certain animal means that there is less food which means the influx will decrease again.  
Horrible analogy. Hunting was a major contributor to their decline.  If we don't want any wild cattle products, we won't be hunting them to extinction, will we? 
Oh, no.. Of course not.  I should of been more specific.  I meant Animals used for food or clothing or fashion for humans. I absolutely think humans should have pets. Only if the pets are loved, and considered part of the family.  This would be my"perfect world".  Where no Animal is ever tortured, murdered, abused or unloved. I am a total Animal lover. I don't eat any meat or seafood or wear any fur or leather.  I also absolutely detest hunting.  Anyway,  those are just my views..    
This is a set-up for an even more tragic tale, where you're loved ones freeze themselves too, but don't get unfrozen until 100 years after you're unfrozen. 
I mean, yeah.  Historically as every country in the world has entered the first world they had a massive boom in population and then slowed down.  I guess if there was an example of that NOT happening I would take over-population seriously.  
Yeah, it's the same calculus, but I still find it disturbing. If I would live out in the wild and would have to kill animals to eat, sure, I'd do it. But the sheer scale of the current meat industry and how cold and inhuman the process feels, it really rubs me the wrong way. I'm thinking if the human race wasn't the apex predator and would be in the same shoes as pigs , I would be pretty livid about the situation of my species. 
How does one prepare guinea pig? Genuinely curious. 
Surely if we're objecting to cuteness or beauty as a measure for awarding dignity to an animal, it means we're making some assumptions about the intelligence and sentience of animals having inherent value. Appealing to the death of bacteria or grass is pretty unconvincing. 
If you actually cared about starving children you would be aware how inefficient animal farming is and how much pollution it brings. In developing countries it is number 1 reason for water pollution which is... Plot twist... Reason for starvation/ deaths/ which in long term is bad for development. But it's ok, all things probably exist in isolation, right? Enviromental and health problems probably have no effect on poverty. 
I'd probably say it's the Tardigrade but if we're talking non-microscopic  and animal I would go with Mosquitos, Roaches or Ants. There are more of those than we could ever dream of counting and all exist everywhere humans do, and many places humans do not. If we're going with anything algae, moss and lichen are all pretty successful species.  It depends on what metrics you are using to define successful but even just in mammals rats are arguably as successful as humans and they have a great evolutionary adaptation to exploit human's work wherever we go. 
I was putting two well known practical examples of how flawed that logic is when dealing with ethics, not actually appealing to emotions.  Anyway, ethics shouldn't be relative because then what is right or wrong will always be favored on the side that gets the most benefit or sustains the power, which invalidates the own purpose of ethics. And that is what my comment was about. 
I get what you're saying and it works in most cases. There's just no good argument for it when it's something like a chicken or a pig and is kept from even being in any environment and moving the way nature intended it to and injected with crazy hormones and painful unavoidable situations. With the aliens, we've got opportunities still and at least a few thousand times more choices than the caged animals do, even if we are confined to this tiny planet among countless others, we have enough space to travel millions of times our body area, rather than be strapped to a bed in a prison cell and force fed enough to survive and provide adequate life force for aliens. If it were between that and ending it all I think I'd take the extinction option. 
True, I was going by the 1/10th figure he quotes in tehe video, but that is more likely to do with adolescence  Iguess 
Why would they cease to exist if we stop eating them? If they're living a good life then they are capable of breeding and procreating. They only cease to exist if we chose for that to happen.  
Why would caring suddenly matter if we've already posited that life matters? You seem to be changing the goalposts. 
Like I said, I don't agree with the view, but life as "intrinsically good" is a common belief. 
It surely is more comforting to think that. I don't see how that's reasonable. Is there a line there? Give birth to a baby and throw it in a dumpster. Is that a benefit to the baby because it "exists" for now? Same argument goes for other animals. That's just lunacy. 
So you believe it's fine to hold an animal in your home to the day it dies 20 years later, completely controlling when it eats, and when it even shits, manipulating its behavior to suit your needs, training it with psychological techniques like the carrot and the stick, and ultimately deciding when it dies. But the second you eat the meat or use its fur for fashion, it becomes immoral? 
But then you can just freeze yourself again for another 100 years. The most tragic tale is when everyone is frozen for different prime numbers of years. 
Your argument hinges on every country being capable of becoming first world, and I don't think that's realistic. So how should India and China go about becoming first world countries? How does Hong Kong necomi by first world solve thew fact that they live in the mountains?  Fact is, we have many countries with overpopulation issues  and they have significant environmental issues as a result. That is undeniable.   You still haven't explained how I'm a racist for believing in the FACT of overpopulation   Roughly half of all nations have quadrupled their populations since 1950. Even if we get two more first world nations between now and 2050, it doesn't make up for ALL THE OTHER COUNTRIES WHOSE POPULATIONS ARE EXPANDING. Check the growth rates of populations in the middle East and Asia since the 1900s and the 1950s. The facts are there. 
All the parallel universes and alternate situation theories don't mean squat, because humans ARE the apex predator of this planet and therefore make the rules. Either by virtue of being most adaptable and/or lucky, though in truth it doesn't even matter how we got here. All nature cares about is force and we've been most forceful so far. A big rock could change that, or an extraterrestrial specie, or a microbe but until then we write the rules.    
Which part of the simple understanding that different agents can have different ethical responsibilities, and applying the same argument can have different results depending on the subject, is flawed?  I'm beginning to think you misunderstood what I said. 
Exactly, that was my point. You addressed it even better than me. Thank you very much. :) 
What if we free the caged animal of all of its constraints, while still being caged? Consider virtual reality chickens with foot treadmills. 
Are you not aware that some farm animals can't survive without human intervention? They've been bred this way. Many species will quickly go extinct. 
What argument are you referring to? Children and disabled people aren't eaten as far as I know. 
Nowhere did I say we are "superior". OP said pigs are smart as if that's comparable to our intelligence as a species. It's not.  
Compared to not being born at all? Yes it's probably better to be born and then thrown in a dumpster. It depends on if you live long enough to enjoy life enough to outweigh the pain of a slow death presumably.  
I think the big difference here is that humans have the option to eat almost any food they want, whereas animals are restricted by both availability and their own dietary restrictions (i.e. Many animals can't process certain types of food and are strictly carnivores or herbivores depending on their digestive system).   For humans in developed countries in the 21st century it's entirely realistic, nutritionally and economically, to eat a plant based diet. And if you have a choice, it's morally imperative to choose the path of least suffering, which is eating less (or no) meat. 
Well,  for one,  I don't."hold" my Animals in my house and subject them to my will. My Animals ( A cat and a Husky/wolf mix, and about 14 feral cats)  are my family.  Well,  my cat Bitsy and Dog Snowden are a part of me and my husbands family. The wild cats I provide food,  water,  and shelter for. I love them all.  I value their lives as much as I value a humans life.  I know many people will disagree with me,  that's fine. As I stated before, these are my opinions,  I am in no way trying to force my beliefs on anyone else. I choose not to wear Animal fur or flesh nor would I eat it.  I think it's gross. I take care of my Animals and in return,  I get love. That is all I expect from them.   
Yes, it's doesn't matter from a macro perspective, but from a human perspective I don't want to needlessly inflict suffering on species that can feel pain. Yes, no matter how I live other organisms will die because of me, but to a certain extent I can choose to limit what dies based on certain criteria, and I think the ability to feel pain is a good criterion. 
Pretty much any starving being would eat me. But I am not a starving being with no rationality, your "argument" is ridiculous. As pretty intellectually evolved humans we know that we don't have to consume dairy and meat, we know the enviromental problems it brings and we know that we cause pain and distress. No one who is mentally functioning should want to cause pain and suffering to someone else. 
Who ever said this? I think that even if you talk to the most passionate vegan, they will agree that a human life is ultimately more important than an animal one.   Vegans certainly care about both human and animal suffering. Humans are animals after all!   All veganism attempts to do is to reduce suffering. It's not saying that animal suffering is more important than human suffering, and it's certainly not saying that we should only focus on one problem :)  
Again I can agree with that. But then we have to make first a distinction between what is suited for philosophical debate only and what is suited/intended for practical use. And well, when the subject is directly related to ethics it really needs to be grounded to reality and practical use (and misuse). In fact it must be "bulletproof" against misuse and dishonesty because if not the result goes against the own true purpose ethics is about. 
A cage is still a restraint. On some sort of multi-directional treadmill with believable virtual reality is an interesting one though. If they were getting the exercise, natural stimulus and believed they were free to do as they please then I have no problem with that.  
But couldn't we just genetically engineer/"devolve" them into a form that could survive in the wild? Unless that means we'd lose the species proper? 
Your argument that comparing animals to humans due to intelligence is bullshit. There are plenty of humans that are less intelligent than animals, and could not fend for themselves. While I agree humans should not be compared to animals in terms of eating each, I don't think intelligence can be the reason why. 
What if that baby dies after a day or a few hours or however long babies can survive without anything? Then has that been a better situation than not being born at all? In this analogy, the animals get eaten, so I don't know why you thought the imagined baby in my analogy was going to do anything but die in the dumpster.  Of course it's OK to be in a dumpster for a few hours as an infant and then go onto have a prosperous life. That's not what I was implying happening at all though. 
You think having a superior intelligence should LIMIT the things we do as a species?  
We already produce enough calories for every person on Earth, it's a logistics problem. 
We haven't agreed on which criteria to use. You are jumping the gun, here. 
No, I don't agree that a theory needs to be "bulletproof" against misuse. We simply don't operate like that. Most people agree, for example, that it can be permissible to use force to defend yourself against violent attackers, even though that permission can be and frequently is abused. Most people agree that the state has the right to tax citizens and imprison criminals, though both are open to abuse.  In practice, we simply don't expect our thinking to be "bulletproof" against potential abuse. 
My argument had nothing to do with that. I was referring to quality of life in captivity. A pig in a farm may be put to death at a set time but it's quality of life in captivity is most likely better (assuming the farm isn't an industrial slaughterhouse) then if it was roaming free, due to guaranteed food.  What I did argue was the CONSUMING animals versus humans due to intelligence levels is bullshit because that is not a realistic scenario.   A disabled human can't fend for itself and so ideally is put under care and given the best possible quality of life in those circumstances. A pig is slaughtered and eaten (whether or not it should be is a separate conversation) and so ideally is put under care and given the best quality of life in those circumstances.    
I meant prior to the dumpster not after. If it was a week old ? Yes -  I'm just speculating but I would guess a week of life is better than no life at all.  
That seems true, I've read a bit about the gates foundation. As I understand it Bill and his wife set the high level goals. Then they have people to see those goals are met, these people are professional and knowledgeable in their field and want to do good. Also I feel like this article doesn't consider that philanthropic organizations like the Gates foundation can direct money across borders. The W.H.O. is comparatively weak not because it lacks funds but because countries don't like big powerful NGOs telling them what to do. 
Exactly. This boner's idea to have Zuckerberg's shares put into a trust and then have the public vote on where the funds should go is beyond moronic.  
It's funny how the Catholic church in my own country don't want to apologize to victims of church sanctioned paedophilia until they are compelled by a court but feel so brazen as to wave the flag of, "human beings have an innate dignity and you best respect that", when pointing the finger at other people. Other people who spend billions of dollars curing disease nonetheless.  
The teachers should run the school systems not people with contrary interests to both the students and teachers. 
You know there was a time where the income taxes on the top earners was around 80-90%. We call people from that era "the greatest generation." Maybe we shouldn't rely on the humanity of people to maintain our clean waterways and interstate system.  Just a thought.  
I enjoyed the read because its interesting to think about how if we assume the catechism is correct that "The goods of creation are destined for the whole human race" how can we reconcile that with the idea of the philanthropy or "love of all people" being increasingly controlled by powerful individuals who then decide what that "love of all people" means.  
I remember, as a young boy, when Microsoft's cronies came to our home and stole my mother's pearls. Then they peeled out while chugging Red Bull, leaving only a copy of Windows 95 in their wake. Damn capitalists! Stop making things people have a use for, you know we can't control ourselves! 
You have to really abuse the word "selfish" to construe working one's whole life to generate a fortune and then giving it away to be "selfish". If you don't like what these people are doing with your fortune you are free to make your own and give it to the government or a public trust.  Having the government seize it and waste a lifetime of work in a few days of war and wiretapping is a position driven by envy and bitterness. 
What, you think that capitalism is magically moral? That the invisible hand of the market will give money to those who need it most if you reduce your profit margins? That's just silly. It's transferring culpability and responsibility to a faceless mechanism that was never designed to perform that task and never has performed that task efficiently. 
I've yet to see this  Firs time I've looked at r/philosophy 
Sometimes you dont know if youre actually helping people and sometimes so called philanthropists are scammers. Its fine to be skeptical, discussion should have no bearing on the genuine philanthropists anyway. 
DAE addicts are scum of the earth and don't deserve compassion and understanding and help for their obvious self medicating behavior, poverty and hopelessness, but these obscenely wealthy capitalists who steal labor value of others and then launder their vast amounts of wealth through their charitable organizations for tax reimbursements and good PR are totally awesome?  This sub is rife with ridiculous neoliberalism and bootlicking. Disgusting. 
Gates has given away over $30B already in his life. Real piece of garbage.  
This is reliant on the people controlling government spending.   In reality, you're just broadening the pool of rich people who have a say in what is done with the money. 
Originally it did not. Op made the change. Now fixed. So I made an edit.  
In my experience that happens about 10% of the time. Normally it's an over reaction to the headline, a bunch of parent comment discussing the overreaction, and somewhere in the middle of the thread you will find an actual discussion of the merits of the article.   Although I think most r/philosophy users do a better job of reading the material.  
Lol, since when is political philosophy *not* philosophy?  
We need fewer billionaires, we need more of the current billionaires to be more like Bill Gates and less like the Koch brothers. 
I would hope people are doing work for what they are and not for what other people think. 
Giving away a web browser is a very loose definition of the concept of "evil". I was a nerd in the nineties. I read Slashdot. Microsoft was effectively a monopoly because of the nature of the business: it doesn't make sense to have many OSes out there because software developers will only release software for the more popular ones.  
Microsoft brought cheap home PCs to the masses, allowing for the explosive growth of Linux (unintentionally, but still). Linux wouldn't have been possible at that time without Linus, MS Windows and Stallman. 
Unfortunately, you also accurately described 90% of Reddit 
That pedo stuff goes deep. Careful for the sake of your conscience looking into that.  
Huh, that's not very apparent from the title "America Magazine". Thanks for pointing that out.  I could see the new "unitarian", lovey Christian movements + communism, that's essentially what they are in my area. But Catholicism + communism is a stretch. 
No, dedicated administrators should run the school systems.  Teachers have a self-vested interest in how the funds are distributed leading to inherent bias ("we should spend more on technology classes and less on PE," says the computer science teacher).  Teachers have a skillset in teaching students the material they are a subject matter expert in, that does not inherently come with business administration skills required to adequately manage personnel and budgets for an entire school district.  Two totally separate jobs. 
I guess that is an effect of wealth inequality, but its a little myopic to apply the concern just to charity 
Who produces the profits at MS now? Bill Gates and their other shareholders or their employees? Do you get it now? 
You're thinking in absolutes.  You can be kind and selfish at the same time.  I don't get why you're taking offense, it's a perspective, you have a small mind and smaller ego. 
A lot funds wars, less funds waste and corruption, and all that together isn't even close to "most", unless you count every single national defense dollar under the rubric of "war". Tremendous amounts of money go to entitlements, health care, schools, debt service, land management, and a thousand other priorities that keep our civil society together.  I'm not saying it's democratic, but it's really frustrating when people just blithely assert that waste and corruption swallows a huge chunk of your tax money. It's just not so. 
That's a separate problem. You could say that one needs to be addressed before the other, but it doesn't change the argument.  
The only catch is special interest... behavior and existence LIKE a charity, but results are government/policy influence! The irony: without special interest, democracy breaks down. With special interest, democracy breaks down.  
If we know what they're going to do, we can preemptively work to stop it 
Rich people with a conscience tend to spend their money on causes that are appealing to them, like education, culture, health care. The causes that are less appealing,  like crime prevention, social work, infrastructure, etc etc, don't get their attention and remain sore thumbs. Also, charity is unable to implement necessary reforms on a larger scale. A well functioning state in fact is way more efficient and effective at solving humanity's problems than wealthy laymen.  
That's actually not what I mean at all. I'm merely trying to evaluate what direct experience or expertise these people might have to justify their immense potential impact on the sector of public education. Having attended public schools is one example of such experience, albeit an incredibly minimal one.  
I'm sorry for your perception. I don't claim to judge the net effect of any one person, and that's not the point of the article. Perhaps the way the headline (written by editors, not me) personalizes the argument gives you the impression that I'm ultimately passing judgment on the individuals, which is not the case. The hope here is merely to say that we should expect more of the people who hold the largest chunks of our planet's wealth. I'm glad to see that the article has aroused considerable discussion, and whether I'm ultimately correct or not, I'm inclined to view it as a success. 
Hindsight allows one to easily make the argument that Microsoft was actually right in the antitrust case.  Bundling a browser with the OS was no different than bundling a text editor and doing so did not prevent competition.  They still do it and they're far from the #1 browser, all it took was others making a slightly better product.  Makes Gates a guy with the foresight you'd expect from a successful CEO. 
"i think" is fine.  things should have the proper framework  
First, I agree with you, in principle.  If we are arguing about the potential positive uses of philanthropy and comparing modern rich people to those of the past, the Kochs are similar and will likely be remembered similarly to Carnegie and Rockefeller. Go see the sights in NYC and you'll be greeted by the Koch plaza at the Met, the Koch theater (or something) at Lincoln Center, and (seriously) the Koch Hall of Human Origins at the Natural History Museum.   They are spending their money to plaster their names on things so they'll be remembered well, and if the barons of the past are any indication, they will be, by most. They will also likely set up a foundation that 'helps people,' but that's just speculation on my part. 
Ideally shouldn't businesses try to grow with the goal of not being assholes?  If we need separate regulation entities, wouldn't we have to regulate the regulators? 
I'm sorry but this is a lousy argument.   Plenty of mob bosses donated huge sums of money to their communities.  It might seem to make them more human but it doesn't.  It was never their money to give away.  What is done with ill gotten gains is irrelevant. 
The fact that a crime didn't have the outcome you expected doesn't mean it wasn't a crime. 
You just spent an entire paragraph talking in absolutes that are motivated by bigotry and envy.  
Funny, it sounds like he's alleging that this excuse has been used by the parties in question. 
Well, I tried to discuss, but yeah let's go with insults instead. 
The only money from Gates that will be used to kill people is money taken from him in taxes. The money he gives away will go to unambiguously good uses, like wiping out diseases that plague humanity. Is that simpler? 
With what? They'd have accumulated the wealth. Maybe you don't get it, but a civil war would happen between the rich and the government, with many if not most people siding with the benevolent oligarchs, not the government. They'd have the money to do whatever they want, because they'd hoard it instead of spending it on things like cancer research, space travel, curing disease, building schools, maintaining parks and highways, etc. The govt spends a lot, but private wealth does things the government won't take the risk on. America has worked so well because we have strong government (see my liberalness), and a strong private sector. Grow up if you think a civil war or defanged private sector is a good thing.  
Or Anguilla, Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Guernsey, UAE, British Virgin Islands, Monaco, and to some extent, Switzerland. But they have already done that.   And Somalia have taxes by the way, so you're wrong.   
Trickle down didn't work because it was convoluted... the problem with political theory is that too many trade-offs occur in order for a policy to pass that any specific policy is never fully to blame (or is the answer) for the results. Trickle down, along with a massive progressive tax rate, then coupled with tax shelter loopholes, then... etc means that the real economic forces of a concept like trickle down never occur. It's like measuring gravity between a bowling ball and a feather WITHOUT accounting for wind resistance!  I wish people could look beyond over simplifications and actually think!  
If I take a bunch of cash out of my credit (cash advance on a credit card), I haven't revitalized my economy. FDR did this. Now, to be fair, that cash can stir things up and create opportunities (hello, world of finance), but the debt remains unless paid back... duh, right? But the baby boomers haven't paid the debt back yet... so what happens to the debt? I suppose we can pass it on to the NEXT generation in the same way we received it?   In regards to GDP, and the formula that goes into GDP, a la Keynesian economics, the debt doesn't really matter! But, use your brains... does debt matter?    
So only people from a school should have an influence on the future of the school? I.e., if a poorly functioning school only graduates 25% of students, only those 25% that succeeded should be able to participate in the future direction of the school?  These people singled out in the article have recognized that they are in a position to help said underperforming school, and have chosen to do so. Why does where they went to school diminish their decision to help? Would you not question them more if they only helped the private schools and ignored the faltering public schools? I certainly would. 
It's kinda retarded op has negative votes for admitting his mistake and correcting it... The point of living is to learn not circlejerk people foe fucking up 
He has a point though, how can you trust a person that succeed by only looking for his interest to be in charge of someone else's? Thats why the old " Lets run the government like a business" doesnt work, because CEO's have only their own interest in mind not others. Then again I am not familiar with Gates work. 
I live down the street from their HQ.  Their name is plastered all over *everything* around here. 
So...you want a humanist oligarchy,  despite the fact that capitalism is based on *self*-interest? That's so absurd I don't even know where to begin. 
That's a problem of government. The Koch brothers are acting like rational economic actors. If you knew the government was going to subsidize competition (thus hurting your business), you'd be stupid (or extremely principled) to not try and stop that through politicking? 
The US typically uses governmental agencies as regulators.  These agencies are regulated by the US government, which is in turn regulated by the US voterbase.  Or at least that's how it's supposed to work.   
This seems to miss the important nuance of the dynamic youre talking about.  Surely if you stole the already-forgotten couch cushion change from a million people and saved a hundred lives, the benefit would far outweigh what would have been done if that loose change was ever found.  Surely if you stole money from someone who was about to hire thugs to beat up some protestors and used it to half the suicide rate, the result is a net positive, and nobody should be screaming to put the world back the way it was with missing kneecaps and depressed folks offing themselves.  Bottom line: We can't say that illegally gotten gains are morally irrelevant without considering the actual situations involved and their relative moral weight. 
Just because something is technically a crime doesn't make those who commit said crime "evil".   
You started with insults, continued with insults and had two sentences of argument A and B, which to me sounded like you were being more prissy than philosophical (that is to counter your upcoming argument that you were only providing helpful criticism. Well, so am I)  Honestly, how scared is Bill Gates of me that he gets two PR people and wastes their time writing on Reddit?  Even if Reddit people worship that's only a small fraction of the monumental number of people who hate him all over the world.  Tell him I said that and I'm going to be a thorn on his side.  What is he gonna' do about it? 
Stop acting like he asked you to dumb it down.  He was asking you to critically evaluate your own biases, and you failed. 
I wonder what effective tax rate the Somali pirates pay. 
The debt may not be paid off on the balance sheet, but the bank isn't about to come and foreclose on the Hoover Dam.  All that public spending resulted in tangible benefits across the country.  
That may be the point of living in your philosophy, but I think you'll find that the point of internet comments is to sit around and judge other people's work as awesome or total dogshit, with no deeper nuance. 
Gates' work is basically this: he's making measurable progress in making malaria a thing of the past.  He's literally winning against malaria and people want to criticise him for being a rich CEO type?  Gates is not looking to be in charge of someone else's work, he's doing his own work, doing it well, and spending his own money on it. 
The idea is leftist and extreme regardless of who you're punishing with it. 
And they're defending it in response to an article that advocates taking their wealth from them and transferring it to the government, a position that has many defenders on here despite being extreme. 
Sometimes self-interest happens to follow the greater good. Gates is pursuing self-interest by attempting to eradicate malaria. Yes, we don't exactly know the reason, but he obviously wants to eradicate it (or else he wouldn't be doing it).  Humanist oligarchies are quite possible without a centralized force of coercion to manipulate. 
Oh course. I sign my petitions and pay my dues to my trade association so they can fight for my industry. I have a problem when it hurts the people, like undermining environmental protections. But the government should do what's right and not cater to monied interest. You can say I'm a dreamer...it's 100% a failing of government.  
So hypothetically we could have benevolent corporations being sabotaged by malicious, anti-business voters. 
It's not, that's a myth spread by free-market propagandists. there is no legal maxim to promote shareholder value. corporations have many stakeholders, including but not limited to: employees, customers, suppliers, bond-holders. 
Your and a few others arguments in this thread keep talking about the money donated would never have been donated were it not stolen.  How can we assume the rightful owners of those funds wouldn't have donated some or all of their money to charitable causes?  How do you account for their loss on compared with the benefit received by the charities?  Doesn't that diminish the overall value of the donation possibly even to the point of nil?    What kind of  behavior does this promote?  Greedy people can cheat and steal away money from innocent others but they can buy forgiveness in the form of charitable giving?  What century do we live in? 
He took risks, and people love saying "anti-competition", but remove these arbitrary classifications and really look at what Bill Gates did. He gave us free software with a computer and millions of tax-payers' was spent to tell him he couldn't do that.  People love shitting on monopolies and ignoring the ones created by the State, and ignoring the rationality behind how monopolies come about by satisfying consumer preferences. 
He's going to do nothing because I'm a random internet user, and not a shill.  Fully two thirds of my post was spent discussing points A, B, and C, which I felt were the critical parts of your post.  I'm sorry you're not in the mood to discuss. 
He was pretending to not understand. I didn't ask him to employ that shtick.  
Taxing revenues would cause huge issues for lower income individuals as affordable products typically run slim margins and use efficiencies of scale to turn a profit. Those companies would have no choice but to pass on those expenses, raising prices on those least able to pay them. That in turn requires greater assistance, which requires greater taxation, and the cycle continues.  Profits are a much better item to tax, the larger issue is the depth and complicatedness of the tax code. Simplifying would be a better way to increase tax revenues honestly. It removes loop holes and causes a more even playing field between major companies with large tax departments finding all the ways to avoid tax vs a small company with a bookkeeper and quickbooks.  
We all do it. On the flip side pointing it out always leaves a bad taste in one's mouth. Like they're being all preachy, faux intellectual or such.  Not you in particular.  
It's weird how capitalism turns us *all* into sycophants...i mean, we're already living in a time of extreme wealth concentration, and yet people are *still* praying upon the alter of the "free market," it's absurd. I can't wrap my head around it. We're living in a world that was practically prophesied by Karl Marx, and yet we treat Marxism like a virus.  
Gates is not a single dimensional figure though. As a CEO he was a champion of his own interests alone not unlike any other Silicon Valley exec. Microsoft is notorious for their anti competition actions  
It would appear off the left-right political spectrum, given how extreme it is combined with the fact that it combined both left and right-wing principles. If anything, it took traditionally left-wing ideology, magnified certain points to the extreme, and then used it to justify a fringe right-wing agenda (and since it most definitely isn't centrist ideology, it would thus be off the political spectrum). 
TIL taxation is extreme. If that is your idea of philosophy this sub is screwed.  
Yes and it's part of the reason corporations were given personhood, so that they could legally fight back (and so they could get sued too).  Currently we have voters and their representatives ruining businesses. For example Planned Parenthood being defunded even though they don't fund abortions with government funding, any company trying to do stem cell treatments limited to only certain types of stem cells, or sale of drugs like marijuana. There are also laws that limit the sale of guns and military hardware too. 
I'm actually a lawyer, so I might have some understanding of what I'm talking about. Corporations don't have  obligations to "stakeholders" in the same way as they do to shareholders. It's just how publicly owned corporations work. No mythologizing or conspiracies necessary. 
If the good of the money donated out ways the bad of the money stolen, then what's the issue? 
I'm sorry, I apologize these discussions get heated.  With humility, love and grace I'm a simple man and not an English Major.  I was an Econ major in college who took many Philosophy classes.  I suspect you are an English Major, which is very good; I admire English Majors.  I apologize and thanks for your patience. 
Base the tax on revenue divided by number of employees. That way, more "efficient" businesses end up paying the most, just as higher income earners do currently. And fully automated business is kept at bay. 
"was"  But frankly, if his interest is eliminating malaria, being a champion of that interest seems ok.  I'm not saying he's a saint, just that he should be allowed to pursue his own philanthropy. If for no other reason, because it's working. 
I didn't say taxation was extreme. Picking people out and confiscating their fortune is extreme. And this sub is already doomed if people are talking in meme. 
No, they exist to do whatever the owners want to do. If that's to make money, that's what they do. Sometimes owners have slightly different priorities. There is no law telling them they have to make money no matter what or that dictates shareholders can only want increasing profits at the expense of all else.   People get sued for all kinds of things. Did these shareholders win? And if they did is it because they had previously demanded profit be the only priority? Because then that would make sense. 
Just curious, but how much did netscape cost back in the day? 
You're right. Technically. Except that nearly every large publicly traded company is 50+% owned by institutional investors (Fidelity, Vanguard, other mutual fund companies) who exist only to make money for their clients.  So for any large company, they do have a fiduciary duty to obey their owners' standing orders to make money. 
20 minutes to download divided by monthly internet bill. In other words, basically nothing. Maybe if they keep saying it they'll change our memories to make past browsers expensive. 
Zagsebski (i think thats how her name is spelled) helps highlight the  main tension that Gettier cases bring up. If your view of knowledge includes a form of justification which is independent of truth to some extent then it will be susceptible to counter examples where even though you will fulfil whatever set of conditions you want then you will not have a case of what one would intuitively call knowledge.   
Doesn't it seem then like you're in the category of "throw up your hands and admit that you can never 'know' anything"? 
I read somewhere that he has the highest citations-to-words-written-ratio by a factor of at least 10!! 
JTB + ABILITY to reflect on one's answer was my Epistemology professor's favorite 
But, in this context, 'I can see Zuckerberg standing before me' implies the statement 'Zuckerberg is at the concert.' The fact that Kanye can see someone who looks like Zuckerberg justifies his belief. His belief is also true. Therefore, the argument goes, the JTB account has to say Kanye *knows* Zuckerberg is at the concert. But this conflicts with our intuitions, so the conclusion is that JTB is false. 
True, but I think that's true of a lot of things in philosophy! Part of being a philosopher is taking edge cases too seriously! 
You're collapsing the justification and truth aspect into one. This would make emperical knowledge production impossible; how do you prove something is true? And not just "beyond a reasonable doubt", because that's justification territory.  
I ... what? Justification is not needed if everything is going right? You *are* kidding, I want to hope. 
The thing is, RD's definition of knowledge isn't the one we want to say applies to things like "I know how to get to the store from my house". We can certainly always be fallible, but to be permanently open is to lead to global skepticism that we truly cannot know anything and that doesn't seem very useful for us to believe. It's self defeating anyway (cause how can you know that you know nothing).   Epistemology is about finding a non-Cartesian definition of knowledge.  
It's not about believing outside testimony. The common definition for knowledge has been "justified true belief" up until the time of Gettier. Do you think knowledge does not require belief? 
That was my first instinct as well: The justification must be linked to the truthfulness. 
In other words, anything short of Cartesian certainty in knowledge will be subject to Gettier problems. And we certainly don't want to put that strong of a condition on knowledge 
I don't think I agree with this. Kanye can't know that Zuckerberg is in his audience from this evidence, but I don't see how it follows from that he can never know anything, or even that he can't know Zuckerberg is there. If, for example, he saw the actual Zuckerberg, then his belief would seem to be justified. 
Yeah, that's more or less how I describe justification. The Gettier problem is about mistaken justification, which just isn't justification at all.  Of course, this *proper* justification is probably impossible... But it's not like any of us thought knowledge was possible to begin with, did we? 
He really is living his best life. Sigh. I'd site him even if he had absolutely bloody nothing to do with what I was writing.   
I think I like that:) These are augmentations aren't they. There is the binary conditions of JTB and then the human/intuition abilities we can use to confirm that our beliefs have successfully tracked the truth, as Nozick put it.   Most people have no idea what "knowing" means, but most people, with a little bit of socratic midwiffery can soon be brought to see that the known belief must be both true and justified. And for most people (ie non epistemologists) that's an ample and ancient success:)  
Hey I was only referring to the example in the blog post, as I said. 
Hey, I have no quality knowledge of that ;-). I'm a Sociologist (the continental theoretical type - and I had Psychology and Philosophy as minors). I merely tried to follow the argumentation in the blog post. 
No. "Justified" in this context does not mean "reasonable", it means "accurate". It would be reasonable to think Zuckerberg is at the concert if we see his clone, but the belief is not "justified" if the person we're looking at, and thus basing our claim of knowledge on, is not in fact Zuckerberg. 
I would argue knowledge replaces belief upon reception. You believe something UNTIL it is proven to you.. then you know it/ understand its actuality 
Well if Zuckerberg were the existence of a mind independent world then perhaps i could see the point 
Well no, the Gettier problem is about having a justified true belief that does not count as knowledge. In the Gettier cases you are said to have justification, it's not mistaken justification.   I don't think something being dubitable means it's not proper justification. Otherwise you're just a radical skeptic, and that's not what anyone really believes.  
No this isn't a problem. It's true that their presence *could* be connected. But their presence is not necessarily connected. 
Ok, so if you know the sky is blue, you don't believe the sky is blue. Is that what your view implies?  
Ahhhh... the story of life summed up in two sentences. 
Electricity is analog.  Continuous and variable.  We emulate digital in computers by pretending that transistors have two finite states.  But they arent finite, they are silicon filled sufficiently with electrons to allow other electrons to pass. On and off are the binary states that we pretend a transistor is in depending on its analog electrical properties.  
I think this is a language issue, not a philosophical one. We literally can't justifiably get binary certainty in epistemology. Descartes demon for instance. This also fits well with a Kantian "thing in itself" vs "appearance" framing  
Just gonna note that there is nothing nihilistic about skepticism. That is simply to misunderstand the position. The skeptic says "and so we must define/create meaning/pretend and not get caught up in absolutes and natural kinds as would be given by the world" 
I fall into this "unknowing" camp as well only because I think that's the most honest concluson to come to. It's not going nuclear as much as it's accepting the logical implications of the highest standard of what it means to know. Specifically in this instance, knowing by way of evidence.  On the other end, if you don't find yourself in that camp, it seems to be a case of wishful thinking having where there is so much stake in knowledge being obtainable that any conclusion that says its not is either "too rash," or for some unfounded reason not possible. The assumption that knowledge is obtainable is dangerous and  It would seem we can know things derived from a system where the rules/definitions are known/logically consistent (mathematics, language as in all bachelors are male, etc.). However, I would assert evidence-based knowledge is of a different kind than these.  
I don't get it. Why is one necessarily connected but not the other one? 
2) P does not have JTB. P's belief is not justified.  3) I would refer to this no false lemmas rule as a rule regarding justification. An apparent justification is invalid if it relies on false lemmas. 
It doesn't mean that he isn't at the concert, but it means we don't know that he's at the concert. Since the point of this argument is the nature of knowledge, it's sufficient to note that the evidence we were relying on is misleading in order to validly say that we don't have knowledge. 
A better example might be if I tell you I know my right foot is at the end of my right leg. I don't believe it, I know it. You may not believe it, you may think I believe it and am wrong. But I know it especially when I'm walking.  I think knowledge is immediate and current. Belief is dependence on things not immediate and current to you.. if that makes sense. That's my understanding of it 
But you can believe something without knowing it. No?? 
This is overly harsh and not accurate and I'm not sure why you would feel it was appropriate to comment in such a way. If you look at the exchange it sparked between him and the person he responded to it, it didn't derail the conversation and in fact caused the person to reconsider his thought. Seems like it was relevant, helpful and he wasn't acting at all like an ass about it.  
Doesn't this assume that all computers run on electricity?  I get that practically, you're correct, but technically, not all computers rely on electricity to operate.  
I'm not convinced that skeptical hypotheses destroy the possibility of complete certainty, since that depends on assuming there is no demonstrative path to refuting them. But anyway I don't know what exactly you're saying is a "language issue." 
But even if that is the way you view skepticism, there is something nihilistic about it if there are no real standards for how we create meaning or categorize things (or pretend to). And skepticism doesn't allow such real standards, since it doesn't allow any reasons to exist which really make anything right regardless of what anyone pretends. Also if all meaning is created, as if by acts of fiction, then the (logical or ethical) meaning that takes the skeptic to that exhortation either doesn't exist or depends circularly on it. 
Big question. Idk how to summarize my answer to it. I feel like "intellectual nihilism" covers a lot of it. I have something like a moral certainty that it makes sense (ethically, epistemically, etc.) to have and give reasons, that they have meaning and value and import, that truth is important, etc. And total skepticism destroys all that, which of course also means it destroys its own basis, but a certain kind of satanic temperament wouldn't mind that. I just think it's evil, so that alone is enough to imply there must be something wrong with the arguments. But also, of course, like I said, I don't think the argument from the prototype theory of concepts to relativism about truth, knowledge, and existence works, since I think it's wrong about the nature of concepts. And that was the skeptical argument that was on the table.  
What do you mean one is necessarily connected and not the other?   If S believes p, p is true and S's belief that p is caused by the fact that p; then there is a causal connection.   If you believed Zuckerberg was at the party based on your perception of someone that looked like Zuckerberg, your true belief that Zuckerberg is at the party is not caused by the fact that Zuckerberg was at the party. It's caused by your perception of someone that looked like Zuckerberg.   If Zuckerberg was not at the party, you'd still believe that he was. So there is no causal relationship between the fact and your belief. It's just epistemic luck that he happened to bring a lookalike that you saw and he was in fact at the party. i.e. It could have easily been otherwise.  
And I really don't see how the fact that you can't draw conclusions from false premises is mind blowing. 
And there is no uncertainty when it comes to knowledge? For you, to know something means to have 100% confidence that X is the case, right?  
Yes. If I believe something that's wrong, I don't know it. If I believe something without justification, I don't know it.  But at no point does knowledge *replace* belief, because knowledge is (at minimum) justified true belief. 
What computers preceded it? More analog systems that we conceptualize as binary based on analog properties  What isn't analog in our entire would? It's a fundamental of time, continuity, and measurement. 
Actually skepticism demands the simple standard of rigorously modeling experience. For morality, many people do different things, but I think you can argue convincingly that phenomenology mixed with consistent and parsimoneous axiomatiztion gives you something like utilitarianism. 
Maybe I'm not sure what you mean by "total skepticism." What is the essential character of that skepticism? You seem to imply that it renders "reasons" impossible. What sort of reasons do you have in mind when you say that? 
The article clearly specifies the problems defining a heap in the first place. You drawing an arbitrary line in the sand (pun intended) doesn't suddenly establish a universal norm for others to conform to. 
It's not about being sure a priori: that would make any discussion about the acquisition of knowledge a circular argument. It's the "justified belief" component. 
I think looking at the whole context, I get what's being said, which is specifically that digital circuits rely on the assumption that said circuits fall within one of two discrete states at any given time. In that sense, we shouldn't always assume it's true, despite the fact that in most cases it is reliable.  The first computers were humans interacting with mechanical devices I guess (abacus, calculator, step reckoner). 
I'm sort of taking the liberty of conflating relativism about things like truth, knowledge, and existence with a view that rejects our ability to really be right to believe or conclude anything. That conflation probably depends on the idea that truth or rightness is essentially something absolute, so that being right merely relative to your own standards is not really being right at all. I'm assuming all reasons (maybe excepting things like explanatory reasons, as in "The avalanche was the reason the town was buried"--so reasons for belief, action, desire, emotion, etc. which are apt to be evaluated) are intrinsically involved with rightness and truth. 
The problem I see with knowledge in general is that most things are not precisely defined.  If we cannot precisely define what constitute a heap and what doesn't then it's clear we will never be able to tell.  A grain of sand is definitely not a heap and 2 grains *can* be one, depending on the definition of heap. 
I see. Do you think a radical skepticism, where truth is something absolute and we can't "really" be right about anything, necessitates intellectual nihilism? Put another way, do you believe it's necessary for our beliefs and conclusions to relate directly and certainly to truth in order to have value? 
Alright, I think I've gotten back to my main issue. If you say that I don't know that Zuckerberg is at the party, it seems your problem is with the fact that my justification is insufficient. I'm only "justified" until we ask ourselves if the justification was causally related to the truth, and then, suddenly, the justification doesn't make us happy anymore.  If you ask me whether I know, I'm not aware of this causal/connective issue with my justification, so of course, I'd say yes. But if I saw Jeff Zuckerberg (that's Mark's twin, Jeff) at the party, and Mark wasn't there at all, I'd *still* say I knew. And obviously I didn't, it wasn't true. 
I didn't downvote you.  I disagree. I don't think it follows that a computer following its logic perfectly means that if an error occurs it's due to that fact exclusively. 
Metaphysics is crucial to formulating potential outs in physics discoveries but I doubt any modern day metaphysics philosophers know or even engage with the world of experimental physics in a meaningful way. At best its a poorly informed parrot of paper conclusions and abstracts. 
I think metaphysics is best explained through a quick example.  Do all bachelors have to be unmarried?  Yes.  Why is this the case?  If I had free reign to create a world where I could change the laws of physics at will, I still probably couldnt generate married bachelors, or even imagine them.   This demonstrates that there are facts that need to be explored outside of the laboratory.  These facts constitute parts of reality that may never be explicable by direct reference to the behavior of matter/energy/fields.  We use metaphysics to explore questions relevant to such facts.   Im intentionally avoiding a definition of metaphysics because the very boundaries of the discipline and its subject are really up for debate! 
Metaphysics is not false by definition. By definition, it's the study of how to conceptualize our world and clarify our abstract objects of thought.  
Everyone has an opinion or deep seated bias, metaphysics is the art of cloaking your opinion in seemingly more logic and sounding smarter than the next guy 
And by the way, the article is trashy, as it deals with 'science,' with not knowing all the sciences! Or you might say that Meta goes beyond sciences (anyway, those sciences with which most people are familiar. I should write something for you reddit people re: Meta. But it is too late, in NYC, and I wanted to go to bed by now. Still, it is one of my favorite topics. (One of my PhD's, actually. ) If seriously interested, PM me.    
It is indeed about creating concepts and that is equal to science fiction.  
It would seem he posts and comments frequently over on r/the_donald as well...and posted an article to r/catholicism explaining why a civil war is necessary to end abortion. I think we can see who needs help.  
to me, it seems like you claim that you buy those conclusions but they clearly aren't being expressed by the dictates of your subconscious.  i think /u/CIAnus' line of argument is emotional and shaky, i don't follow his/her claims about murder and abortion or whatever because those cases are too complex to be isomorphic to highly abstract philosophical suppositions, but i do agree with the essential thrust of his/her argument - that such beliefs represent 'illnesses' of thought. at best they're empty language that people use to win philosophical debates, and at worst they cause actual physical malaise and emotional stagnation.  so, sure, we only ever exist within subjectivity, but the points you agree with themselves render impossible (or at least functionally meaningless) the supposedly "objective" viewpoint from which they are expressed. if life is only illusion, the illusion is real. 
No, science fiction is where you tell a story about advanced technology that doesn't exist. Concept analysis is where you take abstract idea that human beings use every day and you ask: "What kind of reasoning did I just do and is it sound?"  Science would be: "The water began to boil at 212 degrees F that last thousand times I tried it, so it's probably fair to say that water boils at 212 degrees F."  Metaphysics would be: "How does my concept of inductive reasoning allow me to conclude what will happen the 1001th time I heat water to 212 degrees, if it hasn't happen yet and hasn't been observed yet?"  Science fiction would be: "And then Xorg used his Prima-Ray to boil water." 
Just a quick double check here, cowboy is correct. U R the man. 
You seem to argue by consequences: "The beliefs these people hold seem to have some disturbing implications, therefore they aren't true".  Even if you proved that people holding the beliefs you listed actually became socyopaths it still wouldn't disprove them.  
Mele is a proponent of compatibilism, which IMO is a useless position to take up, because that definition of 'free will' isn't 'free', and the 'will' part is much better studied through the sciences.  His claim that actually 'free' will is not disproved by science is an equally useless position to take up because of multiple reasons, not limited to Occam's razor, the inability of a free entity to impart any sort of intent upon its influence, and the inherent lack of freedom of the human mind as we experience it subjectively. 
That's your opinion. I've made my opinion. For me, science is equal to science fiction because it was easier platform. 
Piggybacking off the top comment, but thanks to you (PM_ME...) and the rest of posters who provided criticisms and questions. I'll take more care to address these in my next videos. I've already made changes based on certain responses that made me more aware of what I need to make clearer.   Thanks!  Also, I'm very aware that this first video was *very* lacking and is more claim than explanation. First video, and it was rushed for the sake of putting something out. 
Precisely because of the thesis-antithesis-synthesis bs. Someone took a class or read a book and saw a similar pattern to 'false flag' crisis manipulation as a triad of creating a fictitious problem and fanning the flames of public reaction towards a desired predetermined solution outcome.  Nothing to do with Hegel, it just sounds a lot more ominous if you connect an old philosopher considered to be super intelligent with shady power-players controlling everything thanks to having knowledge of this philosopher's work. 
He clearly states that his method is not a typical method, it is not a formula to repeat on all content like formal logic's rules are.   Sublation is a *very early* concept in the Phenomenology and Logic, chapter 1 stuff. It's a descriptive concept, not an active one. 
No. Hegel is very stand-alone (especially the logic), background only makes things more interesting and clearer in context. 
No need. All you need to know is thesis, antithesis, synthesis right? I mean, he says it so often in Phenomenology... /s 
To get rid of arbitrary/contingent factors and maintain a purely necessary conceptual structure. If you intend to conceive what something is and necessarily must be, it must be on its own ground and no other. If it has context, you must likewise derive that context either from it or it from that context, and that context must itself be derived from something that eventually is actually absolute and not contingent or arbitrary. 
I'll take that in mind and work it in to further vids. 
He had personal problems with him, his critiques aren't good. 
But... he didn't try what you're saying he did. Second,, it's not *that* hard when you finally get how to read him. It's hard, but not impossible. 
Huh. I always viewed Hegel's dialectic as a way of interpreting historic events. Giving other wise chaotic happenstances a narrative. Seems like to broad a tool to *initiate* future events. They think its like Neuro Linguistic Programming (also bull crap) write large for social engineering? 
That's interesting, that it's put like that, as "not a formula to repeat on all content like formal logic's rules are", it is good to know that is spelled out. My interest in Hegel is from reading Zizek however, and it seems to me that aufhebung is still the key: of course its a descriptive concept to be applied retroactively, but the process it describes is not at all "simple". 
If you read the systematic works, no, the method is not for historical narrative. The only sciences this works for are the *sciences of how a science and its object logically came to be*: philosophy of history (how the rational state came to be), phenomenology of spirit (how scientific knowing came to be), philosophy of art (how the idea of art came to be), etc. These are not about how these things *actually historically came to be*, but only a rational reconstruction in which empirical history is put into a logical ordering that shows why in history those particular things were something necessary in order to get to where we are today.  It's an explanation for why history has had certain things, but it's not a causal or chronological explanation. 
Sublation does not describe the process, just a certain result.  The process is as simple as can be, it's just that this tool requires a fineness to do anything useful or interesting. 
Well, again, I have a philosophy 101 understanding of it. Way back in college my professor used the dialectic to illustrate the progression of events from WW1 to WW2 as an example. 
I fail to see how it is not a retroactive description of a 'final' moment in a process that has happened, that is not the same as claiming it is formula for repetition. 
Because of that: it's a description, hence not an active concept that you really need to even acknowledge most of the time other than to note an aspect of what you've done. The importance is what the sublating term is more than that you notice that you've sublated anything.  It's an important concept to *talk about results*, but it's not a part of the actual method as you're going about it. 
My god, you downvoted my comments as if they are irrelevant, and I noticed that you downvoted any other's you did not like. You need to remove your ego and the desire to have your video's liked, it's in the way of your thinking.  
I completely agree with you.  He's right and we're all wrong apparently. 
Outside of philosophy? Yes, even Popper hasn't affected how scientific experiments are designed. Popper looked at how science was already being done and pulled out this idea of falsification as a common thread and explored it's underpinnings, but we were already using falsification before his efforts.    Edit; let me clarify. I don't expect philosophy to always affect, say science. But Popper was a philosopher of science so in that case yes, his work should ideally inform that community.  In practice probably 95% of scientists are unaware of Popper's existence and they proceed just fine.  I think this is probably true for philosophers of other disciplines too.  
I don't identify as either, but analytic sounds better on paper.  I see continental philosophy as more exploratory, open to discovering new philosophy while analytic is more mechanistic, concerned with fleshing out an idea. If any new important philosophy is discovered it probably won't be from the analytic camp, despite them actually producing more meaningful work to date (in my opinion). 
This is like saying that we already had numbers thousands of years ago, why bother the fundamental theorem of arithmetic? This is a date question, but one which I think should be suspended whilst one is *in discussion, on a **philosophy board*** (outside of course, of meta-philosophical discussion) 
Does that mean that you don't think we can "logic out" the nature and implications of moral responsibility? Just curious what you think. (We can continue this in a PM chain if you'd like.) 
We *can* in the sense that no one is stopping us. It could be an interesting exercise, but what can we expect to glean from it? What is it *for*?  Moral reasoning as it is found "in the wild" almost always occurs when there is a moment of indecision. Its function is to persuade or recommend one course of action over another. This is why philosophers so often end up fixating on "Sophie's choice" moral quandaries -- they are returning, as if by instinct, to the root purpose of their activity.  But where there is no indecision, logical argument always loses to intuition. Hence the general impossibility of reasoning people out of their convictions. Hence intuition as the final check on the truth value of a given moral proposition.  Suppose moral responsibility requires free will. Suppose there is no free will. Does it follow that there is no moral responsibility? Of course not. We will continue to ascribe it as we please, just as we continue to eat and shit and breathe. 
I think you've misunderstood me. I don't think the dependency argument gives that the permanency of the dependence is necessary to establish a moral obligation. Rather, I think that the dependency argument works just as well for non-permanent dependence as it does for permanent dependence. As such, if the dependency argument works, then it also shows that it's immoral to bring into existence beings who will be dependent upon others to survive for a significant period of time, even if it's not permanent. But then the dependency argument implies antinatalism. So if you think, as I do, that antinatalism is wrong, then you must conclude that the dependency argument doesn't work. 
Which seems to be denying the antecedent.  OP seems to be saying:  1. If humans cause the creation of beings which are permanently dependent upon them, then they have a particularly high moral obligation to those beings. 2. Humans created domesticated animals which are permanently dependent upon them. 3. Humans have a particularly high moral obligation to domesticated animals.  You seem to be suggesting a denial of the antecedent.  1. If humans cause the creation of beings which are permanently dependent upon them, then they have a particularly high moral obligation to those beings. 2. Humans created children which are not permanently dependent upon them. 3. Humans don't have a particularly high moral obligation to children.  This is a formal fallacy. `if p then q` does not imply `if not p then not q`. 
My argument goes something like this.  1. It is immoral to create beings which are significantly dependent upon others for survival. (Assumption towards a contradiction)  2. Human children are significantly dependent upon others for survival. (Empirical fact)  3. Therefore, it is immoral for humans to reproduce. (From 1, 2)  4. However, it is not immoral for humans to reproduce. (Assumption, which would have to be backed up either by an appeal to intuition or an outside argument)  5. So it is both moral and immoral for humans to reproduce, which is a contradiction. (From 3, 4)  6. Therefore 1 is false.  This isn't an instance of denying the antecedent.  
" I can't bake a cake today and eat it yesterday, the period wherein I baked the cake comes logically prior"  Perhaps not the exact same cake you described.  But if you were to never die and live millions of billions of trillions of years, a cake MAY appear in front of you one day.  You may eat it, think it was great, try to recreate it...  ...and then it disappears the next day right in front of you 
Time-cake are freaking confusing, actually trolling people through space and time... 
1. Surely everyone can have a perspective about race since, insofar as race even exists, we all have one?  2. Surely anyone can be as objective as anyone else therefore?  3. Isn't demanding that there be a black contributor without regard to the merit of their contribution or the volition of the contributor... solely because of their race... racist? 
I agree with all you said. My comment really sounds confusing now that I re-read it, I was trying to point out the hypocrisy in the paper.  
You show that Knowledge fails Greco by applying Lawson. But you misapply Lawson. If you had not made any logic errors, then your conclusion wouldn't follow. That's all I meant.  You can always get a infinite regress if you decide to flip the necessary and sufficient conditions.   Using your logic, for example: 1. You must be 18 to be on the train 2. So you must be on the train to be 18 3. So you must be on the train to be on the train  See what happened there? Same with:  1. You must have credit to be responsible 2. You must be responsible to have credit 3. You must be responsible to be responsible 4. You can't be responsible 5. You can't have credit   
You mean Strawson? I think you are hung up on me just putting responsibility before credit on line 3, where all Im doing is just showing how i am making Strawsons argument relevant to those in the papers I am critiquing. I think perhaps i could have worded it better, but all it means is that if you are being given credit for something, then you must be responsible, and in the reverse where in the context of the papers I am critiquing if you have credit for an action, again in the context of the papers I am critiquing, you clearly would be considered responsible for that action.  Also the regress happens, it seems because we just live in a linear temporarily where every event has a seemingly endless chain of past events, and where all present events are determined by past events.   I don't see how your critique really affects my paper, nor do I believe I have made any real logical error.  	   
I don't see where it follows from what is in your paper that, "f you are being given credit for something, then you must be responsible". None of the 3 arguments cited make this claim. You claim it in the paragraph after your "responsibility and credit" argument, but it doesn't follow from that either...   I'm not bothered by the order, I'm bothered by switching the sufficient and necessary.  Its as if you had shown that "to be a rectangle you must be a square" but then continue your argumentation as if you had shown, "to be a square you must be a rectangle"  This doesn't follow.   It affects the paper because your conclusion - that having credit for knowledge is impossible because of Strawson's* (sorry about that) argument- only follows if you make the leap i described above. Which is a logical mistake.  
Well, I guess because I don't see why you would be given credit for something in which you were not responsible.  
I mean, read your own paper... Seems to me both Greco and Riggs give plausible accounts of giving credit without ever referring to anything like the "ultimate responsibility" that Strawson talks about.  As for your above assumption, only the first part follows logically from the paper. The second part, it seems to me, is wrong... Or at least not-obvious.  
I read that book a couple summers ago. I didn't like his language but I like the concepts - although I think we have a better idea of neuroscience now and I try to take from that as well. 
There is a lyric from The Prince of Egypt movie (wait wait...stay with me) that goes "when all you've got is nothing g,there's a lot to go around."  I've always liked that lyric and I feel it is more or less true. There is a stark difference when hanging out with a bunch of "lower class" people vs. "upper class". It's so prevalent that there are plenty of Hollywood movies that touch on this very idea.  
I am glad OP had such a good experience but much like you, I had a bad experience living in a "bad neighborhood". There was a general rule in the town I lived in that you did not live on a street with a letter for a name because these were the neighborhoods with the most crime. They were right. One time I came home and someone had thrown a large rock through our window. Another time, I came home and it looked like someone had tried desperately to kick our door in. There were footprints all over the door, luckily it held up but another couple of kicks and it probably would have given. When kicking the door in did not work, they just smashed a window (note that this all took place in broad daylight) they ransacked the house and tossed everything everywhere, stole a couple of things. Great for OP to have had a good experience but I refuse to go through this again so I will be avoiding the "bad neighborhoods" from now on.  
Some homeless people are ok. My friends in college used to give away peanut butter sandwiches to homeless people around the city. Some of the people we met were functioning, in that they were coherent and could carry a conversation. They chose the life they lead. Others were probably insane. Many homeless are veterans with psychological issues.   Just because people are dirty doesn't mean they are bad people. Sometimes they just don't want to get caught up in the rat race of life or they went through a crisis and are trying to come out the other side. Lots of them are mentally handicapped though and that's why I would recommend caution when approaching homeless folks even if you have good intentions.  
Yeah, and a person got murdered in his neighborhood. I think this guy isn't seeing the big picture here. 
Yeah, I live in the "bad" part of town and I love my apartment and being close to everything, and I don't plan on moving soon. But, I'm finding myself being envious of the house my sister and her husband just bought in the suburbs. It would be nice walk outside of my building and not see vomit or urine or used needles and getting hit up for change or smokes every 10 feet.  
I guess because his neighbourhood isn't too bad, all in. I'm in a similar situation- I moved to the "diverse" part of the city and people talk about it like it's scary, but it is so nice! I never have any trouble and I can get waffles and kebabs at 4am. Living the dream. 
Yep. I hear gunshots often, and regularly see police responding to calls but never actively patrolling. Never felt the need to buy a gun before I moved here, but now my roommates and I each keep one in our rooms and we have a "what to do if you have to defend yourself or your home" card on the fridge. The neighbors are all super nice, but I'm sure they all have weapons in their houses as well (though that's pretty much everyone in this town tbh) 
I would actually, probably be pretty hilarious to murder. You'd be all stabbing me to death with this stupid, serious look on your face and I'd gurgle in my own blood and say, "hey, you missed an organ."  
One single murder does not mean dangerous at all. It could be a neighborhood of 100,000 people.  
Perhaps. My next door neighbor sells weed. A couple weeks ago I answer my doorbell after midnight to find a young black couple utterly surprised to see me answer the door. I told them they were looking for Sha'niece next door. They thanked me and then the guy said, "don't call the cops." "Oh, I wouldn't, why did you even? What? No. Don't worry." I replied. Then I realized he only said that because I am white. It was the first time I was a victim of prejudice. I was pretty excited. It was just like when I got my first pimple. I was so stoked to oxycute it.  
Thankfullly, my neighborhood does not have a gang problem. I see some teenagers walking around at night with their friends and the worst I think they're up to is smoking weed. That's no worse than anything my suburban friends did back in the day. We were probably even dumber, breaking into the local golf course to climb the water tower and drink vodka 100 feet up. Lucky no one died.  
They're not puppies. If he wanted them to go away, he'd ask them to, and most likely, since he's been cool to them, they would do it.  
I've heard the phrase, "don't shit where you eat," but I thought that was just something my mom said to scold my brother for pooping on the dinner table.  
Oh, you will, you're just new so it throws people off. Just say good morning or something to the neighbors every so often if you see them and wish them a good day or someshit and you'll be fine.  
I got the Not Hotdog app on my phone and I constantly find excuses to make my girlfriend groan and test the app. We were in line at the gas station last week behind a guy buying a hotdog. I loaded up the app, grabbed his shoulder, and said, "hang on. Let me verify this for you." I snapped a picture and it came up Hotdog. I showed him, the clerk, and my girlfriend. Everyone involved was so confused except my gf who wanted to disappear and disown me. It was hilarious to me. Occasionally since I'll grab her hand while she's about to take a bite of something. She'll be caught off guard until I pull out the phone, snap a pic, and say, "yep, not Hotdog," after which she groans and probably questions why she's even with me to begin with.  
Caught me quite surprise with the Germany twist. I've grown up being taught that Americans should take pride in the diversity of our heritage. We should accept all religions, races, and such because we are all minorities in some way. If we protect the rights of all minorities, we're less likely to ever find our own backs against the wall.  Because every American is a minority in some way.    As such, I'm very disappointed in the current political climate. I'm not surprised. But I'm disappointed. We claim to be a freedom loving nation. Once we legislate caveats to those freedoms, we're totally full of shit. We're a nation of immigrants. Well, not any more. We support freedom of religion - asterisks. For shame.  
Wow, thanks for saying that. Kind of humbling and I'm not sure I deserve such praise.  
I fucking love that movie. It has an awesome soundtrack. 
Real talk, OP doesn't live in the ghetto.  Listening to the media talk about Ferguson, MO like it was Compton was infuriating.  If you think Ferguson is ghetto than  Martin Luther King and North Garrison will make your hair stand up. 
I think OP admitted he really wasn't in a bad neighborhood, just a low-income multi-cultural one. Used to run a Pizza chain place in a lower income area, we had a homeless guy hang out a lot, we fed him whenever he was hungry (as did the other restaurants). When he died there was a line of people out the door waiting to pay their respects to that man, everybody knew him.  
This is the best clandestine argument for social welfare programs I've heard. Desperate people do desperate things. It's almost as if a safety net to prevent total squalor lowers crime rates and builds community? 
Sounds like those garbage human beings can end your life though. That's the difference. 
Yep this. I live right on the edge of the bad parts. In that grey area of slightly OK but occasionally sketchy parts.    
Yup. OP just got lucky. That place will probably become gentrified in a dozen years. 
Most chronically homeless have mental illnesses and substance addiction. Those people are not safe to just "be around." Some may be (until they start getting desperate for their next fix), but it's not worth taking unnecessary risks. 
I live near the bad area. There's shootings, murders, and stuff that happen in my neighborhood, though I live right on the edge of it on a main road, so I never see any of it.   But for real, just because I don't see it doesn't make it a better area. You just get used to it.  
Regardless, I'd prefer to live where homeless people don't casually stroll through the woods near my house. 
It's definitely interesting to see what people consider to be the "bad neighborhood". I worked in a bad neighborhood and it wasn't funny, warm happies like this. There is constant crime, people are on the community FB page posting videos of homes being cased, pets are stolen out of yards, cops are responding to gun shots across the neighborhood, teens are dealing drugs and getting shot in broad daylight, kids are going hungry, the mentally ill walk the streets with no aid and no hope, I mean it's insane. 
Lol I love how you make this post trying to claim that the ghetto isn't bad and everyone doesn't like it because it's "less white", but pretty much everyone in this thread who's lived in these areas is saying it's absolutely terrible.  Confirmation bias at it's finest lol 
So, I think you're joking, but this comment is pretty insensitive. You're not "a victim of prejudice" because someone who was trying to do something illegal asked you not to call the cops. And to be all giddy and happy about being discriminated against makes you seem privileged and unaware of real struggle. 
Lmao holy shit you're crazy. I'd do it with an elevator... Not stairs or a ladder. 
I think you may know what I mean. But dude is a decent lick. The homeless dude is probably plotting right now remembering his habits looking for the perfect time.  But honestly, I don't think this is OP realizing his prejudices after being in a bad neighborhood. I think is is OP realisingbhis prejudices after living the in a predominantly minority area. I mean, what hood do you know that doesn't have bars on the ground level windows already? 
LOL  Have you never worked with or around the homeless before? 
"Especially when it's waving a razor sharp hunting knife in your eye." 
am i the only one reading OPs comments and think WTF man you got a crackhead that broke into your house and your reaction is to say wrong house ??? so you mean the dude is probably breaking into the wrong house because you were cool with the neighbors and homeless people ???  
Could you expand on why wealthier neighborhoods are more dangerous? For the homeless or the homeowners? Legal action like... foreclosure? Divorce? 
A lot of minorities, especially first gen, have issues with interracial relationships. Source: am first gen immigrant with white boyfriend. It gets extra fun looking ambiguously other. I have been mistaken for Indian, Hispanic, and Black, so I frequently feel the side eye. 
It's one of my favorites because if the music. Great animated film! 
I'm so glad you're doing better!  I'm not at all a religious person but I have always admired that song as just a general upbeat look at what it means to be humble and have a sense of community. 
Yea. Lower income neighborhood =/= ghetto. I live in a poor-ish neighborhood but it's just exactly that, where poor people live. Ghettos are where shootings and crime happens on the daily. 
That's a beautiful story. Re: bad neighborhood though, I typically judge a neighborhood based on the murder and burglary rates, so having a murder at the neighborhood's entrance would certainly concern me. 
The thing is in my experience growing up in places like that never leave you. You get these street smarts and they always color you, for instance my brothers and i always make sure we have our back to a wall most times, or are ready to fight if someone knocks on our door a little too hard. Stuff like that can really get to you if you can't let it go.  
That's interesting. In my city, the "wood streets" are the nice ones that everyone wants to live on.  
Third world mentality as far as the yelling? I have often asked myself if being poor makes people louder. I was raised upper middle class and spent a great deal of time around old moneyed stupidly rich. So, I had quiet and purposeful mannerisms drilled into me.   I just feel badly for a lot of my neighbors. It breaks my heart how I have lived here for two years and have yet to see a child with a single toy/doll. I know I shouldn't judge too harshly because a lot of the parents are probably exhausted and have no support. But it burns me to see kids walking around not dressed for the weather or barefoot in a parking lot with nothing to do while parents scream at them, "get your ass over here!" 
I know! I don't know how you can look at these people and think anything other than "no one should have to live this way." The fact that so many people don't see the value in helping their fellow man, to the point where they want to hurt them instead, disturbs me. 
Anyone can end your life, if they have enough motivation.   There's not much difference there. 
Its ironic that I had a lot of people walking through the woods in my backyard growing up in a nice area. It was simply the neighborhood cutthrough, that most of the kids in the area knew about. One time I walked out my door and there was a group of kids in my class filming a forensics project... 
It's just perspective. I moved to a "bad" neighborhood 7 months ago. In the 90s it would have drive by shootings and hookers and drug dealers on every corner. It's a historic neighborhood that has slowly been revitalized over the past couple decades with houses being renovated and new ones built in empty lots. Everyone I talked to from the suburbs said it was a bad area. I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that it did used to be bad. So I wouldn't call it a bad neighborhood anymore. Though there are certain areas on the outskirts that I wouldn't want to go late at night.  
Yup, that's the prejudice you'll likely face. And if you ever complain about being unfairly judged for your family wealth you can expect to hear very little sympathy.    This is not fair. You might not ever live a life wherein you need worry about where your next meal is coming from. But wealth brings about all sorts of other problems that your average person never has to deal with, im sure. In the end, we are all just worm food. The struggle to live a good and useful life is not restricted to the non-wealthy.   
Never underestimate the stupidity of your average teenager.  
You misunderstood his point: he was responding to a post that implied that when controlled for wealth, blacks commit the same amount of crime as whites. In reality, that's not true.    Why? That's where you can start guessing.  
More dangerous for the homeless, not the homeowners. Even walking down the sidewalk can get you swarmed by cops in some cases. Also, there was a time years ago when I associated with a lot of wealthy people. The actual run of the mill non-violent crime, especially drugs, in rich neighborhoods is every bit as high as it is in poor neighborhoods. It's just much more invisible with far less police presents constantly harassing them. Though years ago a friend of mine, the son of the city manager, got raided. Which means they raided the city managers house. Not much happened to him though. 
I have to say, I feel lucky too being a large white guy. I'm only about 6' but at 300 lbs, of not all fat, I also don't look like the kind of person people would like to mess with. I always wonder if it had a significant impact on people leaving me alone.   TBH I did notice a lot of white people who had a problem with it too, but they tend to keep it to themselves to a greater degree. A lot of older white folks were pretty "disturbed" they just also didn't tend to say anything or glare for long. They were more of the type for quietly talking about you behind a hand lol. 
Thanks, dude. :)  I am religious but I think the song just has a lot going for it on a general human level. Not being religious doesn't mean the world has to be seen as hopeless and devoid of meaning. We may define it, but I think it's worth believing in that bigger picture because it's something beautiful 
Poverty in general stays with you forever. Too lazy to find the source again, but poverty makes detectable structural changes in the brain.  
"fuck you i got mine". A lot of people just don't care about anything happening past their doorstep, or anything that's visibly out of the way.  
...Yes, that's true, but doesn't really compare.  The joe-schmo sipping coffee in a cafe is far less likely to shoot you than the guy pointing a gun at you. 
It's not just perspective though, I think the main point being pulled out of this thread is that there are bad neighborhoods, there are revitalized neighborhoods that used to bad neighborhoods and there are thought-to-be-bad neighborhoods.  OP lives in the thought-to-be-bad neighborhood, which may also be a revitalized neighborhood. I lived in a revitalized neighborhood during college. During those days, anyone who I spoke to who had 15+ years on me would say that the neighborhood was wildly dangerous, but that's because it was a neighborhood that truly was formerly dangerous. By the time I moved there it was still diverse and somewhat poor, but the riffraff was gone and it was a generally nice place to live.  It's uncommon that people re-evaluate their view on neighborhoods that they had previously developed an understanding of. It's no one's fault really, usually there isn't a reason to go around re-evaluating neighborhoods so you stick to your previously held beliefs.  
Movies like Boyz in the Hood and Blood In Blood Out are pretty accurate depictions of young life in South Central and East LA at the time.  Things have changed(murder rate and violent crimes plummeted), but there's still areas and people you want to avoid if you can.  Old ways die hard  
This is honestly just cities in general, they change an insane amount over the distance of just a few blocks. I live Cincinnati and just north of Downtown in OTR is an incredibly nice, urban area with great places to live that I would definitely call safe, but I would never even consider living literally 3 blocks up the street from this district 
I think the big difference, though, is that rich people can appear to not be overly laden with wealth. They can drive a modest car, they can dress modestly. They can never mention that they have more money than the average person. Poor people can't do that. They buy the clothes that they can afford, drive the car that they can afford, and live in the house/apt that they can afford. That changes the dynamic quite a bit. Don't want to be judged as a snobby entitled prick? The easiest way to do that is don't wear the uniform. But don't want to come across as "low-rent" (to use your mom's phrase)? Nothing you can do because you don't have the resources to change how you appear. 
Don't know about you, but every poor person I've ever met was poor. 
That comment is levied against people trying to spend their way into heaven, rather than working on themselves as God wanted them to.   You can't just charge-card your way thru life, giving money to beggars like /u/Bacon_Hero and expect that to take the place of real spiritual growth. The rich man would have needed to reorganize his priorities to make it into heaven. The number of sheep he had in his stables had nothing to do with it.  Much like the "blood is thicker than water" quip, context is extremely important to this story; people end up misusing it as a blanket condemnation against the state of being wealthy when it's more a condemnation of attitude and misplaced priorities. Otherwise, the Bible spent a whole lot of time venerating Abraham (a wealthy old man) and literal kings like David only to send them directly to hell after death.  
That's exactly how I feel. I don't expect everyone to agree. But I'm surprised it's such a bizarre notion to some people.  
I would say that the homeless part of addiction is probably the best part. I also struggle with addiction and being homeless was the easiest part of that by far. May the fourth is my clean day. Congrats on staying clean for two years that made my heart happy to read 
"They should just work harder, you make your own luck in America." seems to be the general attitude  
I'm not trying to describe the Republican party. I'm trying to describe the actions of the elected Republican congressmen, and to a degree the disgust toward lower classes that a not insignificant portion of the vocal Republican base tends to exhibit. 
I agree. Your entire comment was the perspective I was talking about.  
LOL I was there last summer.   Walked from downtown to OTR's main strip. That was fine.  Then I walked to Rheingeist. That was...interesting. 
That's right man, you *don't* know about that guy, he probably knows tons of rich poor people!   
Fair enough.  The congressmen would at least say they're operating under the more compassionate principle, but I can't deny that their actions often speak otherwise, and you're not wrong about the vocal Republicans. 
Exactly. Anyone who suggests having money is just as bad as not having it, as I interpreted the OP saying, doesn't have a very realistic view of the world.  
That's humbling to read. Now you've got me blushing. What I said is simply the truth - as I see it. And I can easily  and honestly reply that there are too few people like you in this world. Take a moment to allow yourself to be self-indulgent and explore the truth in that statement and blush too. There's nothing wrong with giving yourself a pat on the back here and there. Sometimes it's the only encouragement you'll ever receive to keep you moving forward.   Be kind to yourself. It sounds simple, but it's not.  
There's "bad" neighborhoods and then there's **bad** neighborhoods. Generally has more to do with economics than race, but race and economic level are very closely tied together in the US. I was visiting a friend on the "bad" side of town here last month, and driving through his neighborhood I realized that it looked exactly like my neighborhood in the suburbs, right down to the houses, the activities people were doing, etc, but the majority of people going around doing suburbs things were non-white. Black, Hispanic, or Indian. And my buddy hasn't had any trouble with crime in his neighborhood. It's a middle class neighborhood in an ethnically diverse area. Economic class is everything. 
So I have club feet, too. I just want you to know that all the bad stuff happens when they are kids. I had surgeries, I had the casts, and I had the special shoes. I barely remember all of that. As an adult, no one realizes anything is wrong with me. Heck, I barely remember myself! It only really comes up when I run too far or swim too much. And even then its only pain like what I imagine arthritis is like.   Heck, I even ran a half marathon! ...thought I'll never do that again! 
I just read through all of this, an I can say without a doubt you both are the type of people we need more of in this world. Stay positive and stay awesome guys. 
Yeah. People are shocked that I jog in my neighborhood alone, but it's a safe middle-class neighborhood with an elementary school in it  and a median income of 100K. The most dangerous thing I've encountered here are my next-door-neighbors' yappy little dogs. It's not sketchy at all, it's just brown. 
That's awesome. That's what we're hoping for. Right now, unless you know what to look for you wouldn't see it. Thankfully she doesn't even surgery. It's been as mild as I could have hoped for.  
That's how we found out. It's not nearly as big of a deal as you'd think. At most surgery. Our daughter wore a full leg cast on her club foot for about 5-6 weeks, she was 2 weeks when she started. Now she wears some boots and ponseti brace at night. She's fine with it.   I was only worried about surgery, because how to do comfort an infant after surgery?   Stay strong, and like I said for her appointments we meet all sorts. One kid couldn't even use a wheelchair so his parents pulled him along in a wagon. He was 10. I don't know what his problems were, but he said his spine was all twisted and bent up. Just a shell of a body. Even if her club foot was awful it's still better than that.   If you need anything drop me a line. I'm happy to talk and help.  
I just read through all of this, and I can say without a shadow of a doubt that you three are the type of people we need more of in this world. Stay positive and stay awesome, guys. 
Then I have a much more severe case. I have a scar running all along both feet. It's not a bad scar, though. So even with surgery she will be ok. 
Whoa. What's the "AROUND" operator? I've never seen that before. Is there a list of such operators? 
This was actually one of my first thoughts. But based on their comment history I really don't think I know them. They seem to live on a different continent to me.  I can only assume that, at some point, I mentioned this on Reddit. It's still amazing though - if I did mention it, it would have been a year ago, and it can't have been a particularly popular thread.   Maybe tomorrow, when I've calmed down, I'll go through my comment history and try to figure this out. But then again, I kinda enjoy the mystery of it all. Maybe I'll just leave it... 
What song?   My advice would be to post it to a random thread on Reddit, wait a year or so, and eventually some random person will PM you a link. It worked for me, it'll probably work for you too.  
Yeah. Read the whole story and was looking forward to hearing something that wasn't generic car ad crap. Was disappointed. 
Yeah I like it. Me jamming to it is helping with my paper grading in any case :D 
Modern TV's should have an option for song titles to appear in the corner of the screen :o. 
And the YouTube comments section for the ad is now filled with "Shh bby is ok". 
Haha really? Tracking down the driver, that's impressive. You are my kindred spirit. We made it!  I had to delete that YouTube comment, it had my real name associated with it.  
Ha, yeah, it's definitely not the sort of thing I normally listen to. And as I said, I won't be downloading the full song, it was pretty disappointing. But you know how music sometimes just grabs you, even if you know it's shit? I can't explain it. I guess the fact that I couldn't have it made me want it more.   Honestly, I've had about 50 people reply to tell me how shit the song is (with varying degrees of politeness). I've ignored them all, but I'm replying to yours because you seem to have put a bit of time into it.   But then again, I've also had loads of people replying to tell me how much they love the song. Music taste is just one of the most subjective things there is - I thought this was commonly-accepted? I'm sure there's stuff you enjoy that your friends think is utter garbage - and vice versa.  
OK now I'm really freaked out.   HOW DO THEY KNOW I'VE GOT A REALLY SMALL DICK?!?!?!? I know for a fact I've never posted pictures of my dick on Reddit.  
I believe it might be someone involved in BSO, stumbled upon it and decided to give you the answer without taking the credit. Either way they are going to have a spike today in the song plays!!  
x AROUND(n) y finds x within n words of y. I stumbled upon it randomly, so I don't have a list for you.  
Holy hell that's how I found the cursed ad... I can't believe answers have been found! 
They might not have needed to remember it a year later - it's possible that they came across the thread, researched it, found the answer, realised they could no longer respond to the thread (Reddit doesn't let you respond to threads more than 6 months old) and PMed you instead. I know I've done that before.  But yes, it's fantastic when that works out. :D And I'm sorry for spoiling it - I know you said that you might just leave it because you liked the mystery. (I don't know if you caught my original comment before making it less spoilery - it was a lot more direct. If so, I apologise!) 
I'm going to posit my theory that the mystery redditor is a member of BSO who was googling their music and came across that thread, then messaged you. There's not a ton to support this theory but it's way more fun than some random, funny, good samaritan.  
I actually know the name, I'm just looking for a specific recording. It's an aria from Don Giovanni, I heard it in the movie Screamers but I can't find that version anywhere. It was probably recorded specifically for the movie and for some reason never released to the public. 
It really ruined the whole story to know OP has such a shit taste in music.  
Some ads actually use CC, which in most cases list the name of the song before displaying the lyrics. 
It is in fact a real song, Polaris came to my city recently and I got the chance to see them. They're such an amazing band.  
Yeah I got friends that talk like that through text too. 
But OP says he's never mentioned this on reddit. Just in the YouTube comments and to his irl friends. Maybe one of his friends knows his username?  
From his posts, here's the answer.    Went to/r/namethatsong (from alientube) is where i found /u/franklymydeeer it is or was the top post. Thats where i found him. Then it was the matter of finding the song. Which i did. It's on Spotify made by the artist BOS which i have never heard of in my life. Then simply send the song and artist to /u/franklymydeeer 
My alternate name is: see-People-in-need-man.  The catch is it only works a year to late :P 
Holy crap on a cracker!  I've seen dozens of lists of "useful google tricks" but never this one.  It should be on all of them. 
can you reply to that email with the link to the full song to let her know you found it? then post what she says back to you? 
The spoiler alerts were many. You are clear of any spoiling.  
Yeah, I clearly got that bit wrong... I could have sworn it was me! It was ages ago, my memory is a bit fuzzy.   The plot thickens! 
Yep, I misremembered a few details in this story. I completely forgot that I had even posted about it on Reddit!   My memory is awful.  
Yep that's right! I completely forgot about posting on Reddit (hence my crazy reaction to the PM haha), but I knew I had seen a reply from their marketing department, and knew that I had been intending to ask them about it. So in my head I thought I had actually got round to sending that email. I'm really forgetful, so it's not out of the question that I sent out a quick email even if I couldn't really remember doing it.   Someone in the comments dug out that old thread I had made - at that point it finally all started to make sense. That's where I got the screenshot from.  
argh, I know that feeling. I've been looking for a specific recording of Julie London singing "Bye, Bye, Blackbird" for almost 8 years now. I think there was a video too but nothing I can find on youtube is the right video. 
Yeah, much better. The song itself is *alright* in my opinion, but I won't be downloading it or anything.   I guess it's also that I couldn't find it... You know how you always want what you can't get? The song became legendary simply because I couldn't find it. 
Unfortunately. It was a good story well told, but I do find it hard to empathise with someone listening to that ad daily for that tiny snippet of such an ordinary song. 
You missed the part where he actually completes the piece with the original composer on one of his journeys in time. 
How about the same / very similar username on youtube and reddit? The guy who PM'd OP forgot it was a youtube comment he knew OP from and thought it might have been Reddit, tried finding the user and got lucky, freaking OP out in the process. 
I was on mobile so I didn't even notice haha. Usually when I make a flair I make it yellow because that's my favourite colour, but that's a pretty good theory as well! 
Gee, you should at least send him a t-shirt. It's his line generating you money... 
I think it's because it's slightly too complicated for the average laymen. I mean, it's not complicated, but it is more complicated than most of the tricks. 
If it's on a bullshit infographic and you end up using it, is it still bullshit? 
The spoiler alerts are many *now*, but my initial post had no spoiler warnings and was a lot more direct, as I said. I didn't know if they had caught it before I edited it or not, and was apologising just in case they had. 
You and jadedDarkness are the same person.  You are also the "mystery redditor". You may also be a soap manufacturer or IT Security guy, who is hell bent on erasing society's debt. I am not sure which, but I will be sure to send you my building society details and account numbers so you don't miss them.   
It's especially infuriating because you know exactly what you're looking for, yet you can't find it anywhere. 
Thanks! Yeah I know what it's about, haha. It's like in The Marriage of Figaro there's a really dramatic part and she's just singing about losing a hair pin.  
Thus a really crudely hidden version of his name is written in the credits, like Marik from YGOTAS calling himself Malik Blishtar 
What if his real life friends don't know his reddit account?   Stay tuned. 
That's a lot of effort just to tell someone the name of a song. 
OP said it was a year ago, so a post 4 months old he'd have missed. 
the infographic can still be bullshit with or without useful information 
Every account on reddit is /u/franklymydeer except you. 
In future Reddit they do, his future self is going for the long con. 
The real question is how many hours do you put into Minecraft? 
If I knew the song, and knew how much he wanted to find it, I'd definitely go out of my way to send it to them.  
It's in the fabric of our universe. The song of the beginning and the song of the end. It was, is, and always will be, forever until time ceases to exist. 
Well black guy, there's no reliable way to gauge since Minecraft resets my statistics whenever it damn well pleases.  But If I had to put a number on it I'd say its greater than a thousand. 
Yup same!  I think I actually first started listening to them after Black and Blue was in a commercial, googled the lyrics etc. 
There must be some way out of here, said the Joker to the Thief... 
Did anyone point out that /u/Gahzoontight only replied to you because you said Gesundheit?  That's all well and good because I had no idea what mensch was, or that it sounds like a sneeze. 
The best way to find indie music.  I fell back in love with Kashi Bashi recently after one of his songs was in a phone commercial.  
Why do I get the feeling that I've seen this comment before?  Nah, I'm just kidding. A Bob Dylan song couldn't possibly be a major plot point in the universe!  ^^^^^^^REFERENCES ^^^^^^^HO! 
Do you know what else is bizarrely really good for finding new music? *Home and Away*. Yes, the Australian soap. I haven't watched it for circa 20 years but my older sister is still into it, and I ended up watching a few episodes with her recently. I found myself googling pretty much every other song that came on!   There's a website that gives you the track list/playlist per episode and date for those of us who don't want to have to watch the show. I like to skim through every now and again and see what new names I can find to look into. Whoever is in charge of music for H&amp;A is serious about it.   
Thanks! I have no idea as of yet but I'm thrilled either way! 
THIS.  SLEEP NOW!  I have a 9 year old and I haven't slept since BEFORE he was born.  Also, congratulations.  There is nothing better than fatherhood! 
I just got off a 14 hour flight back from England  T'WAS HELL 
Congratulations!!!!!  My husband and I tried for a year, saw the doctor, started fertility drugs, and got pregnant and had a healthy, happy baby. (Yay!) On his first birthday, we discovered we were having another one. (Oops.) Everything worked out fine-the kids are closer in age than we'd hoped, 20 months-but I just want to warn you, trouble conceiving once doesn't mean trouble conceiving always! Lol!   Seriously, parenthood is amazing. Congratulations to you and your wife.  
It felt real good when I did the sex with my penis  
27 and 22 ay? Ok well do you mind if I message you sporadically for the next two decades about advice? 
No idea! Don't wanna know till the day of arrival! 
It's really so much easier than you think it'll be. You've managed to keep yourself alive thus far-you'll probably do the same for your kid. My first was a month early and my husband and I hadn't even put his crib together yet. We had no idea wtf we were doing. But he's 3 and doing fine!  
Same here, but if OP is stoked about it, hooray for him! 
I'm genuinely in shock and excitement. I've never felt like this before, I'm seeing the world in a whole new light! 
Congrats to you as well! I hope everything goes smoothly.  
Healthy. Cliche but boy or girl doesn't bother me, I'm already raising a step child at the moment. Kinda freaked out about if anything goes wrong though. 
If you're not in America or the UK that's irrelevant, because that's where 90% of redditors are. 
 But which one do you REALLY want it to be?  (Pro tip: reply with both and delete the one that it is not once you find out) 
Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache helicopter has machine guns AND missiles. It is an unbelievably impressive complement of weaponry, an absolute death machine.  
It's ok seriously. I have a 9 year old and a 1 year old. I forgot how much sleep you lose but once you hit a certain age they do start sleeping later. You will get your sleep back it just might take a couple years.  
I've got one of those from Heathrow to LAX in about twelve hours. Not looking forward to it.  
You know, next time you could use ctrl+f after expanding all the comments... 
LOL.   Go for it.  I accept no legal liability :)  Babies will drain your reserves and boost your happiness.   You will see life in a whole new way.   You will catch yourself acting like your parents and repeat what they said to you. The trick is choosing what wisely.   You will find there are more than the "terrible two's". 12-15 and 22-24 being the most similar.   The hardest thing, and it seems like most parents nowadays fail at this, is letting your kid fail, get hurt and NOT being their best friend.   Parenting is about getting your kid to be self-sufficient and OK with leaving the fold.   A good parent will do so such that their kid still likes them and still wants to hang out with them. Be friends after they are adults.  
That's gong to be torture on your wife. So be wary 
I think we'll do that if we have another, sounds fun and you kinda need that surprise when you're 40+ weeks pregnant and just done. :) 
Well, im hopefull! Looking forward to the challenges too be honest :)  
Fiiiiiine. Well done OP, I hope you make a great dad 
Trimesters are big milestones in development.  Usually involve sonograms and are common points of reference.   
Oh that's what I wanted for Christmas! I got Pandemic: State of Emergency and On the Brink expansions, so it's cool :D Can't wait to try it after my finals end. 
**two** games of risk? How did it not take a week?! 
The correct response is "we just want a happy and healthy baby." 
I mean, clearly he wasn't including Apache helicopters in that statement - he was speaking in hyperbole. With its speed, maneuverability, and armament, nothing can realistically be compared to the AH-64.  Also, Apaches don't poop.  Carry on, /u/jelly_doughnut. We understand that you didn't mean to insult the Apache. 
If the father to be can respond then so can the board gamer 
We just started playing the base game. Which expansions are best?  
I dunno! I always remember Risk taking absolutely forever, but these games only took 1-2 hours. Maybe because we're just not very good? 
I've heard of Betrayal, but I've no idea what it's about. 
But an Apache helicopter is more realistacally obtainable than a child. There are much more people with kids than people with Apaches. 
Every expansion has multiple modules, so they are more of like multiple-expansions-packs. I like most modules in both expansion packs. They add different kinds of flavors and make the game (generally) harder, you can make different combinations of them to make different experiences. Personally I would start with playing base until you want more and then buy the first expansion pack. Then play with it until you want more and get the following expansion pack.  
Yep, that sounds about right. The difficulty level of the base game we're still coming to terms with. Thanks!  
That does sound cool. The hearts are instead of the kinda sucky red cubes as Tokens of Affection? What're some of the added cards? 
My New Year's Eve was pretty quiet, which is how I like it really. I went out to a nice, relatively early event with my parents (picnic where they were showing Zootopia, which is great). At home, I stayed up unreasonably late watching Doctor Who (specifically the episode The Power of Three, which has become a tradition for me) and a bit of a charity stream on Twitch. 
BGG explains it WAY better than I can:  "Love Letter Premium takes the familiar Love Letter game and pumps it up in two different ways. First, the cards are supersized and much thicker than normal, the hearts that players claim are large and wooden, and the hard-sided box has a magnetic closure.  Second, the game now plays with up to eight players thanks to the inclusion of an additional set of cards, such as the Assassin (0) which eliminates an opponent if that opponent forces you to reveal it and the Sycophant (4) who must be the target of a played card until it's covered on the next turn. The rules for Love Letter Premium dictate which cards to use depending on the player count." 
That sounds...nice and quiet.  I'm jealous. I wouldn't trade my kids for anything, but I do fantasize about sleeping in now and again. It's the quiet you miss. 
I just had se-ee-eeex, and it felt so good, (felt so good)! 
Haha I told his Sister and she told him how disgusting he was before I let her in on it.  It was pretty funny.   
I'll do what I can to limit the frat parties.  Thank you!  
Wow, I'm proud of her, too! I hope I can be as successful.   
I'm sorry I toyed with your emotions. My ex husband was a jerk, you can comfort me about that?  
Haha, well it's a short walk to crazy from here, I won't let them waste the gas driving.   
Haha I'm like 10 yrs older than my professor this semester.  I should!  
Haha, thank you!  He does think I'm awesome.  He has 13 degrees himself.  Masters and a few bachelor's and associates. He is so very encouraging!  He thinks I'm the best thing since sliced bread.  I just appreciate him so much.  He thinks I'm smart, so I'm just going to work hard and do my best.   
Um... Tommy Chong has rectal cancer. Is that better? That ruined my day.  :p 
You mean refrain? I'm sorry.  I thought I was being funny.  I'll try again.   
Really? That's great! Was it hard?  I'm kind of worried I am not smart enough anymore.  No school in like 28 yrs.  So far so good but I heard the program is hard 
I was, too.  And I believe you should be!  It's so very important.  There's always time for other stuff later.   
Oh, that's awful and awesome!  Wait... You know what I mean!  So what are you studying?  
Dorm sex would be weird!    Thank you! Best wishes to you.  What are you studying?  
Thank you so much!!  I'm happy for your mom, as well! Tell her an internet stranger is proud of her!  
Thank you so much!  I'm happy for your family!  Hug your mom for me, please.  
It's really strange that so many people care what I have to say and actually like what they hear.  I'm really shocked.  This is a quiet,  little sub of nice people, and I just thought I'd get a little laugh.  It's really weird.   
I'm from the mid US.  There is a history of inherited mental illness in our family.  Passed from my grandfather (I suspect) to my mother, to me, to my children ,one of whom killed himself.  I've been drawn to the mentally ill for some time and enjoy helping them.   What are your views?   
It's really different to be back in a classroom after 28 yrs.  Trying to relearn how to learn.  But so far so good!  
It's crazy!  I was just trying to be funny.  I had no idea!lol 
That's wonderful!  I hadn't thought of being a practitioner in psychiatry.  That's something to think about.  I'm so glad she has helped you.   
He does, too!  He tells his work mates all the time!  Actually, he tells them all kinds of stuff.  Lol 
I know I'm a bad person.  I'm sorry... Kinda... Sorta.  
Aww!  I'm sorry I made you feel bad! I usually only use my super power on my kids!  Lol. And thank you! Also.... You be you.  If it makes you happy, and no one is being lied to,  do you.   
Thank you!  Send me the bill from the cardiologist.  Or you could wait until I'm a nurse and I'll check on you!  
Thank you! I'm so excited. I've gotten A's in my first class on everything.  I've never done a power point before and I scored over on it.  It was pretty fun!  
I have no idea!  Put it in your Google calendar? Thank you for the thought!  
Few reasons. My mother was ill, and she passed it to me, in turn I passed it to my son who committed suicide 8 yrs ago. I didn't know I was sick, just thought all the crazy ups and downs were normal. Didn't know my mom was sick until recently because she died before I was two. I have a feeling, reading her file, it was not an accident when she died. I've always been drawn to the mentally ill, and I just want to help the people that are closest to my heart. I believe because I was sick and am now stable several years, that I have a unique perspective to offer and give hope.    
Few reasons.  My mother was ill, and she passed it to me, in turn I passed it to my son who committed suicide 8 yrs ago.  I didn't know I was sick, just thought all the crazy ups and downs were normal.  Didn't know my mom was sick until recently because she died before I was two. I have a feeling, reading her file, it was not an accident when she died.  I've always been drawn to the mentally ill, and I just want to help the people that are closest to my heart.  I believe because I was sick and am now stable several years, that I have a unique perspective to offer and give hope.   
Yeah, that was kind of the joke,  sorry, I'm the freshman.   
That's really encouraging!  I hope I do well.  Nervous still! But I'm doing OK so far.  Have A on everything so far 
Thank you!  Yes, like an episode of snapped and I'd be getting my degree in prison .lol 
Thank you!  You are awesome, by the way.  Good job!  I'm nervous but I really want this.   
I can.  I don't mind.  I raised 4 kids.  I'm used to it.  :) 
I think it depends on where you go.  Some nursing is more hands on.  Thank you, though.  
Haha thank you!  My humor is a little.... Different  
There are! And I'm really excited about exploring as many as I can.  Thank you!  
I'm going to order one first thing tomorrow!  I'll wear pigtails and everything.  Lol 
No, we are married.  I just started school so I am a freshman in college, so the freshman he is sleeping with is me, see?  
Thank you!  I appreciate those in the field so much.  They have a hard job, but it's so rewarding when you can help.  
Wow! You are welcome!  I'm so happy right now!! You will be amazing!  Thank you!  
I'm sorry,  take a deep breath and have a drink of water.  Head over to /r/aww for a minute to regroup.  :)   and thank you.  :) 
I will do that!  And thank you!  Your mom is a special lady.  My grandmother was a nurse, eventually the director of nurses at her hospital.  People would stop me on the street years later and tell me about how she was an angel of mercy to them.  I don't want all that,and neither did she. I just want to help people.  Hug your mom for me.  I'll message you later.  
:) I'm glad.  I like making people happy.  It's my best and worst feature.  
Oh, wow! That's awesome!  I needed to hear that!   
We do have one on the ceiling... That would have been funny.  Haha 
My late mother was a prominent scholar and professor teaching in universities in several countries and working on key projects for the EU. She never stopped her academic work while raising us.  
I spend too much time in that sub, and that's EXACTLY what it would say!  Sometimes I'm over there and I just think... Wow... Really?   
Thank you!  I appreciate hearing that I'm brave!  Because it was really scary and still is.  So far so good.  
Lol, no I had not.  Let's see how my writing class goes first.  
Ah! Nice!  So what did you decide to be when you grew up?  
Yes, he insisted I needed a 'younger man' in my life.  He's such a goober.  
Thank you.  Hopefully I'll enjoy it!  If not,  I look into another aspect of nursing.  I really feel like that is where I belong.   
And that kid grows up and becomes Mac from"It's Always Sunny". 
Hearing Instrument Technology? I know a few people that went back for one of those too!  You know, there's that stigma that having classes with one of your parents would be embarrassing. But really, I would just be proud of them and happy to have someone to study with/keep me motivated.  The mom/dad jokes would be okay too. Any friends that weren't okay with it wouldn't be worthwhile friends. 
Don't be making undeliverable promises, now, OP! We'll be seeing you in /r/food!  
Good thing she didn't start crying and apologising for not saying anything earlier. 
hahahah. Yes - "it's okay. you have a new, better husband now." 
There is cancer in places that there should never be cancer. Can he press charges against the cancer? I suspect this invasion was not consentual. 
I mean your thread is still up. We just don't want to fall into the same 'click bait' titled nature of other subs.  
You'll probably destroy the grading curves in all your classes! 
Yeah... those tiny beds! GAH!    Engineering.  Gotta love math to do it  
I wish you luck ! You have all my respect for going back to school just so you can do what you like ! 
The worst! Haha. Good luck with the degree. You can do it. 
That makes me smile so much! Congrats!! That's a great achievement :D  Also, if you get sick of PowerPoint, check out Prezi. It's a little different, but still fun!  
I have been looking into going to school for my RPN for a couple years now. I never wanted to be a nurse in my life, but I would love to be a counsellor. Psychiatric Nursing scares me, because I have never thought I was smart enough or strong enough to do it. I like your story, and can relate. You have inspired me to give schooling to be a RPN another look. Thank you. And good luck! 
Im doing alright, nothing much to report, thanks for asking though. 
ER nurses for example are definitely hands on. Psychiatric nurses not so much.   I worked in the top Psych hospital in the US. You would shit yourself if you knew some of the people who were inpatients there. People from all over the world. I left the field when insurance reform hit around 1996. 
Why didn't i get this at first time.. so stupid me 
Sounds like you guys like to have fun lol. I have always been intrigued by the mirror on the ceiling.  
Well....I started out in political science, then business administration, then public relations followed up with MIS. After years of misguidance and misdirection, I graduated with an Interdisciplinary Studies degree since it used most of my random credits. I've been in IT for 15 years so....lol! HR at my job really just wanted a(ny) degree to justify the pay raise. 
Well I'm 2.5 years older than my bf, and I like it this way.  
Thank you, I wasn't trying to offend anyone, just being funny.   
Thank you!  This is so encouraging!  I'm glad I'm not the only one who loves these people!  
That's really encouraging.  I hope I can succeed as well!  
Health Into Technology actually, but that's also another one that people seem to flock to!   There were people in one of our classes that tried to determine if we were siblings or dating (she looks really young for her age), so there was that! Slightly embarrassing there for a bit, but we were easily able to laugh it off. 
Oh, I need to post there! I have the prefect cake for it!  
I gave a short, lecherous chuckle but this may be the wrong subreddit for wincest jokes ;-p 
Woah, that was good stuff. Can you elaborate on this?  "The unfortunate reality of human nature is that we often betray and hurt the ones we love."  
I suspect it is not at all consentual.  I think he needs an eviction notice and a lawyer.  
Thank you for leaving it up.  I appreciate that.  I'll be more careful.    (wasn't being a smart ass about refrain, I wasn't sure if you wanted me to  reframe my post)   
You are so right.  I've lurked here for a couple months and never posted.  The people are just amazing!   
Oh, wow.  I'm glad I could help!  You can do this!!  I thought about counseling, but having lost a son to suicide, I couldn't take the burden.  I'm sure you will do great! Keep me posted!  
Huh, that's really interesting.  I'm sure a lot more people are hospitalized than we think are.  I think the nice thing about nursing is there are so many avenues.  I'm hoping I like psych, if I don't, hopefully I can do something else.   What do you do now?  
We do enjoy ourselves.  The mirror is awesome unless you are just laying there, and you look up and see what you REALLY look like laying down!  Everything just kind of spreeaaaddds out.   
Wow you sound like my husband!  He's got over a dozen degrees lol, programmer for 15 yrs the only thing he doesn't have a degree in.  He's pretty over the whole desk job thing now.  You know, they really do just want a degree.  In anything.  A higher up at a company here in town has a masters in religion.  Nothing is further from his job!  You are awesome, good job!  
Well, regurgitate is vomiting, but gurgitate sounds just as gross.  Lol.  Thank you, by the way.   
I hadn't heard of this sub before it appeared on /all, with most of the upvotes presumably due to your title.  So yeah, you seem to have done that right.   
People have trouble judging ages in general.  Sounds like a fun experience overall! 
It's true. It's shitty, but it's true. People will invariably let you down in some way or another. Think about it - how many people have never disappointed or hurt you somehow? Probably none. How many people have you disappointed or hurt? Probably lots, but you probably can't think of any specific examples because you wouldn't have been thinking of them - you were thinking of you. Does that make any sense? It's human nature to be selfish. We have to learn to be considerate as children, we're not born considering others and how our actions affect them. Every so often that learned behavior of giving a shit about other people gets forgotten and we hurt people. The people we love and care about the most are the people most vulnerable to our actions and the ones most likely to be hurt or betrayed by them.  
Thank you, I think it will be a very fulfilling career. I'm a support worker right now, working with adults with mental disabilities, and I enjoy it, a lot. But I feel like I could be doing more with my life to really help people. I think you have a great attitude and you will go far with it, especially since you have so much of your own mental health experience. I look forward to an update from you in the future to hear how awesome you are doing! 
That would be a perfect porn parody. Kind of like the lemons thing, only they're hitting Shamalamanancama instead of crappy porn plots. 
I appreciate that so much.  :)   and I will update!  Husband is sleeping with an honors student!  Oh, that has a nice ring to it!   
You are probably right, because your upvote quote is the same as /u/Supernintendolover's - "master of karate and friendship". 
Yes, because it's done with subreddit styles. Apps don't use subreddit styles. Or at least none of the major ones do; it's possible, but it likely wouldn't play nicely with the app's layout (not to mention that it requires a full browser -- CSS support is extremely complex).   
I'm on a PC and the message is in red...you have to be quick because the message fades up. 
Ohhh my gosh that's cool !  Upvotes for rockets!  /r/blep has the cutest upvote kitty face. And when you make a comment, it's another kitty that appears as the curser.  That's a cute tool for that sub! :d 
There's new ones here!  We should start another thread!  Yours said:  *Out of body, back in five minutes.* 
Yay!  Upvotes for everyone on this thread!  It made for an interesting Thursday I would say.  :-)  Well I never 
"WHOOMP THERE IT IS"  p/s: what I saw when I upvoted you. This almost feel too coincidental to be true. Are these mods real? Maybe mods are just a collective manifestation of a supercomputer hiding behind reddit. Is this sub real, or is this an alternate reality? What does 'real' even mean? 42?  
Batman has that affect on me too.    I can relate to your giggles.  2Casual4Me 
This was a fun experience.  I liked all the upquotes.  Let's get weird 
Yes, I agree.  These messages are cute & funny!  Come on and slam  
OMGAKITTY.  Come on get happy.  It's a good feeling actually. :d 
I'm glad because the fun is almost ending.  It was a hell of a ride.  You missed out on some of it.  But you need to at least catch the ending.  Pyrowolf8 is awesome  
Are you on a PC?  Use FireFox or Chrome.  That appears to be the browsers that show the upquotes as someone called them.    Upvote people on this sub and a quote appears.  You have to be fast, because it's in red and it fades upwards quite quickly.  If you miss it, upvote again, the arrow becomes gray and if you upvote again you can see the message again.  Keep doing those steps until you can read the message completely.  Hope that helps.  "What are these words?" 
Yes, that's coool tooo... Would be better if there were more quotes like on here.   wumbo 
I think so...these comments don't lie.  I think it's literally all true!  :d  2Casual4Me 
Yayyyy!  that is awesome.  This was one of the most funnest threads *I* have ever been involved in.  Thank you!    And *Nope, Chuck Testa*....hehe :D 
Yours is B-E-A-Utiful, this is pretty interesting! 
Onion is the devil apple??! No it most certainly is not it is delicious and wonderful and I love it.  Also sheriffcookie is an adorable user name :3 
"Batman upvotes, too"   I'm just going to upvote everyone on this sub from now on.  
my interpretation is that it would be the same for that initial comment but others that they make will be different, I've had other things to look into with other subs though so I haven't put in a lot of effort into it 
I've noticed this as well. I'll try to mess around with the CSS. 
I turned off Night Mode, clicked use subreddit style, and finally got it. :D The first one I got was something like 'ayyy baby' XD 
Yeah.. there's nothing. I'm going to try a different browser and see.. 
I believe in you.  it's all made up in our minds...we aren't even here right now.  I'm a robot..you're taking to a robot.  heheh :d 
Oh man, I'm on mobile and accidentally replied to the whole thread! Haha  Someone asked me yesterday to tell them theirs and I told them I would do it today because I had switched to mobile. Now I look like a liar and a goof. 
Hmm strange. Yes I am on a pc and I use chrome. I do run adblock if that has anything to do with it? I'm guessing the message will appear where my mouse pointer is correct? I don't see diddly squat. Oh well. 
Sitting. the great levler  It makes upvoting fun :D 
That's not what I got when I upvoted, but cool none the less!    *Take me to the karma shop I'll let you lick my karma pop* 
I disagree as well! Onions are the best, but I can see them being devilish if I tried to eat them like an apple.  And thank you, not_a_wallaby isn't too shabby either! :)  (also your upvote phrase was "THIS IS SPARTA!") 
"/u/cupcake1713 is best admin"  This user is the moderator of a lot of subs, indeed. 
Try using chrome. The words do fade quickly so pay close attention!  
fingers crossed it works!  Onion is the devil apple 
I'm guessing too it has to do with adblock.  You upvote any comment and a quote fades upwards.  Too bad, it has been so much fun how people are going back and forth with silly made up quotes.    I used my mobile and I was able to see it on there also.  I was using the non mobile version.  Just regular internet through the phone, log in to reddit and voila there they are.   
It really does... I like all the positivity that came from this thread!  Take me to the karma shop I'll let you lick my karma pop 
Attention passengers, A NEVER ENDING UPVOTE TRAIN is now arriving! Your upvote quote is "2015!".  
What are these words? Was the upvote phrase for this one :D  You could kill someone with your breath if you ate onions like apples! 
She's also the community manager of Reddit. And what a gal! 
I am using Chrome. I wonder if that is it. Thanks for the tip.  
"you made a mod smile"  It's like a roller coaster when no one else is in line. You roll back into the station and they just let you keep going! 
"Nope, Chuck Testa"  You definitely could. Perhaps that is why they are the devil? Killing people with bad breath seems kind of satan-y. 
It was a really nice thing for the mods to do. I think it's pretty cool. 
Using Chrome here, works perfectly.          Do you have subreddit customized themes enabled?    "Nope, Chuck Testa"       
Haha that one is ewww but very funny!!  Onion is the devil apple. 
Hey it's you!!  You're famous in this thread.  I like your confusion .... it's a comforting thought for some reason.  :d  Pyrowolf8 is awesome 
"Take me to the karma shop I'll let lick my karma pop" - the most hilarious one I've seen. 
Your genius is showing   but onions are delicious!  
-Takes you to the karma shop- Though I'll hold off from licking your karma pop... 
"WHOOMP THERE IT IS IS!!"  They are delicious. I always get very confused when someone says they don't like them. 99.9% of the time I have to ask if they don't like them all the time or just raw. I prefer them cooked or raw, but it's easier for me to cope if someone doesn't like them raw. 
It's weird. I don't see your comment in the thread. It's visible in my inbox only.   *Still disappointed no one wants to lick my karma pop...* 
This is my second favorite!!   Batman upvotes, too 
Weirdly enough I don't see my comment either (nor your reply) 
Too bad u/Sloth_Of_Doom cant get multiple upvotes i had to upvote, unupvote and reupvote quite a few times to make sure it came out right. WHOOMP THERE IT IS! 
I'm really glad to hear this! I could hardly say anything so I just kind of blurted out what felt right. I've said in other comments that I really just felt like what was happening was just going to let everybody down. So I felt like somebody needed to hear that I wasn't doing it deliberately. 
Maybe its odd to say, but I would imagine that particular night  was much worse for my friends and family than it was for me. The recovery afterwards definately sucked though. 
No problem! Most people think that its really strange that I was concious up until the fact. A lot of the doctors wanted to interview me about the experience after they had found out. 
At least I made an impression somewhere, I suppose haha 
The girl did survive, her car ended up spinning out and hitting a utility pole after we hit her. She went to the hospital for minor injuries according to the police report.  My friend was trapped in the car because the dash had folded in and pinned his leg to the seat. The fire department ended up using a bottle jack to push it back forward enough to get him out. He also went to the hospital but was only bruised. 
No, I really don't. It was just like I had nodded off and had a very rude, yet much appreciated awakening. 
It didn't feel like any time had passed. I had no idea that I had died. I learned it later at the trama center while I was getting my stitches.  I actually can't answer if I was groggy or not; honestly I don't think so though. I mean, I was jolted awake and then given shot after shot of adrenaline. They're pretty mean with those shots too. I got one of them right in the chest. After that you're pretty awake haha 
A couple of recent episodes of the Mysterious Universe podcast has focused on near death experiences. Fascinating stuff. A lot of people having out of body experiences.  
That's really interesting. I was actually put under to have my wisdom teeth pulled and I had a dream that I was the dentist pulling them!  I'm glad your mom made it through. Being shocked is a super strange experience. 
As in "the light at the end of the tunnel" occurrence? No, literally the only way for me to explain it is by attributing it to a dreamless night of sleep.  When I woke up I remember being really warm though, which people like to joke about quite often.  
Really? This story comforts me that I won't feel a thing and will not notice dying the same way I can never remember the moment I feel asleep.  
haha it's okay! reading it once is enough.  I had gone through the windshield, as I was ejected I had gotten major lacerations to my head, face, and shoulders. I assume the one that was bleeding the most was from above my left eye up to about the top of my head. 
Thank you for reading it. I'm also pretty happy to still be here! If not for anything I would hate to think of my friend blaming himself for it. 
Mostly bloodloss, I lost an estimated 3 - 4 pints. I also had some minor swelling in my brain and a concussion. Which is probably why I started to lose my motor skills in my hands. 
haha something along the lines of "HOLY SHIT WHAT JUST HAPPENED." and then I was confused about the ambulance guy yelling at me and the ambulance girl yelling at him and then I got a lot of shots.  I had a chance to think about it later though and I realize that they were probably just communicating with eachother on a play-by-play of what was happening.  
Yeah my memory was fine, I don't vividly remember much of my time in the actual hospital, but I attribute that to the pain medication that I had been given. I don't have any memory problems from it. 
I know from the police report that her car had spun out and hit a utility pole on the opposite side of the road and that she had gone to the hospital with minor injuries. 
Wow, that's terrible. Hearing was the last thing that I remember, I couldn't really hear what was going on around me though. It was more like my body tuned to the sound of my heartbeat. 
You are correct, I'm also not a medical professional and I'm not exactly sure of the steps that they took in between heart stopping and defibrillation. I know they did chest compressions, and I assume that there was also some kind of medication in there.  The man from the ambulance told me himself how long it had been though, its the only reason I know.   
It hurt a lot for about the first 2 minutes. After that I between the shock and Adrenalin none of the pain is particularly memorable. 
That and the way the bystanders were looking at me were some of the worst parts of the whole thing. It really felt that it was something that shouldn't be allowed to happen by the laws of nature. 
yeah I did get transfusions, but i'm not exactly sure how much I was given. I assume that it was mostly blood loss that brought me to the point I was at. I also had minor brain swelling. 
Hopefully most people find it a lot less eventful. 
I mean that's the point though. You can return from the brink of death. Death is permanent though. It's semantics I know, but you can't have died and still be living, it violates the definition of the word death. 
you will be in a very controlled environment, I'm sure that everything will work out just fine for you! 
Yes I did, and I told her that I had heard her while I was being loaded in the ambulance. She cried a lot and I gave her a thumbs up because I couldn't move enough to hug her. We laughed about how awkward it was. 
Yeah I lost about 3 - 4 pints of blood, mostly from my head, neck, and shoulder region. I had a gash that went from above my left eye and up to about the middle of my head.  
diabetes is no joke, make sure you take care of yourself! 
1. Yes, he got away with very minor injuries. A bruised leg and a bit of whiplash.  2. Yes, I had lost a ton of blood. They had a hard time cutting my clothes off because they were heavy from it.  3. I had some serious lacerations on my head, neck, and shoulders. my biggest one being from right above my left eye running up to about the middle of my head. second biggest was on my shoulder, about 4 inches across and a quarter of an inch deep. I also had ripped a muscle in my back and compressed a spinal nerve on my right side.  4. I was in the road, about 4 feet away from the front of the car. 
No, I had my blood donor card with me so they hooked me up to a blood pack right away. They also did chest compressions which from my understanding is to circulate your blood while your heart isn't working.  I ended up pretty lucky, I didn't even have broken bones. It was just bunch of really nasty cuts, a torn muscle, and a compressed spinal nerve. 
Yeah I had no idea how odd of a thing it was until a person in their residency asked if they could interview me about it for a paper. 
Wooo! I'm not so strange afterall!  Thanks for what you do! 
Haha thanks! Hopefully I'm here to stay for a while. 
haha The only really nasty ones are hidden under my hair and the doctors did an especially good job with the stitches on my face.   My cuts were pretty clean so they healed nicely. 
Actually no I was told that I'm not at any kind of extra risk of a heart attack or anything because of it. My ears would ring on and off for a few days and I would get spots in my vision but that could have also been from any number of things. 
In the beginning, before I could actually feel that I was dieing, I had a lot of random thoughts that were just me reflecting on my life, but nothing too crazy. Things that I was happy I had done, I was glad to be single and not have any children at the time.  I was in college at the time; English lit. Major and my focus was on children's literature. My only morbid thought was wondering which quote I would want on my gravestone.  
Not at all, it was like no time had passed. I couldn't feel the chest compressions, and there was no pictures or dreams. I know that a lot of people have those types of experiences and I believe people when they talk about them, but it's not how it was for me. 
Hell yes I did. I've recently answered this twice but its worth saying again.  While I was in the hospital I told her that I had heard her call out to me while I was being loaded into the ambulance and that I love her too. It made her cry a lot. My dumb ass gives her a thumbs up because I can't really move. It was so awkward that It made her laugh. 
Haha it sucked at the time, but i'm still here and well. I can't complain too much about it. 
my boyfriend almost died in a car accident when he was 18....  he also had a massive heart attack when he was 40 and iirc, part of that story was that he kept saying sorry to them as they were trying to resuscitate him. he expressed the same feeling - like he was really sorry for inconveniencing everyone by having a heart attack. 
I've been in a really bad accident before too and this is the same way I look at it. I feel bad my best friend had to sit there for a while thinking she'd seen me die, pretty traumatizing for her, while I don't really remember much.  Glad you're okay though.. hope youre not in any pain anymore! 
did you take advantage of the opportunity and tell them you saw a giant one-eyed cat at the end of the tunnel, and that it was speaking to you in perfectly understandable mathematical equations that explained the nature of the universe and put you as ease and oneness, and that you still harbor this state of mind? And that you can predict events with a 5-second lead? 
I have no idea how, but it's raining in this stupid office. 
That's an incredible result from such a violent crash. Sounds like if your seatbelt hadn't failed that you would've sustained similar injuries as your friend.   Thanks for sharing this and I hope you're doing well, man.  
Hey, I know it's a weird thing to ask, but I was wondering if I could use your story and specifically this comment for some of the suicide prevention stuff I do. If not that's completely fine, but I like to ask my sources. 
Being electrocuted while sleeping is pretty rude, but in this case, not as rude as usual  
I watched Wayward Pines once, and I struggled to wrap my head around how confused the residents were to know that thousands of years have passed since the last time they were cryo-frozen. When they woke up they felt like their last memories were like a day ago; they were not a day ago.  Then I realised the passage of time is an emergent property; an illusion due to our stream of consciousness. When you pass out, or even die, (and then get revived), it can feel like the time hasn't passed at all.  
I guess dying and being brought back to life a weird sensation :p  Glad you are doing okay. My friend got in a head on collision with a drunk driver and died so knowing someone like you exist makes me happy :)  Hug your friends and family for me 
Very strange. Did the experience confirm or change your views on afterlife? 
Yep! That was many years ago when I was in high school. It was a very interesting trip, that's for sure.   My friends asked me if I wanted to go to the hospital once we were back in the car. I said no, since there probably wasn't really anything they could do except give me some pain medication and maybe an ice pack and charge me a few thousand dollars for it.   So far, so good. I've actually been trying to remember what Park it was at because I'd like to do it again (w/O the flip this time).  
I'm more stubborn than a mule, so that probably helped me resist giving in. I had just flipped off a massive cliff. I had to brag about it at least once before I died, so there was no way I was going to let myself die on that day lol.   With that said, it took almost all of my willpower to keep my eyes open and moving from object to object, so that I didn't close them.   Whether I would have actually died or not after that, I don't know, but at the very least, I'm convinced that if I gave in to the urge, I would be stuck with some sort of permanent brain related disability. I'm not sure if that's how brains work, but it's nice to think that all that effort was worth it.  
Yeah. It was just a mild concussion. Maybe a bit worse than mild, but I'm still alive and haven't noticed any negative effects from the experience, so it probably wasn't THAT bad.  
What scares me most isn't the process of dying itself, but rather the fact that it's eternal.  It's odd to think about given that you won't be alive to process the concept of time anyways, but still: the idea that I won't ever exist or feel again as I do now is frightening.  Especially so given that it's one of the few things in life that a person can't control in any respect; it inevitably happens to all of us.  If I had to boil it down further, it's really the fact that we can't possibly know what will happen that's the scariest.  The human brain can't possibly wrap its mind around what eternal unconsciousness entails, or whether *anything* happens after death.  Everything I know and feel is a product of relating things to the thoughts and emotions that I experience, which makes it a bit ironic that my first response to a state of being where I can't feel or experience anything is to feel fear. 
There's between 8 and 12 pints of blood on average in a body.  You received a ton of blood.    
Thanks, man! Thank you for sharing your story.   Also, Drugs are bad.  
I just wanted to say that your matter-of-fact prose is refreshing. This entire thread was worth reading. 
You don't know anything about if she faced charges? Considering she killed you and all?  
Thank you for this. You have no idea how much better this makes me feel about my uncle's death. 
He blew half his face all over the garden but I think the bullet probably didn't affect the vital parts for hearing. I hope not, at least that would have comforted him. Either or.  
Most likely they would've done chest compressions and then used the defibrillator when a shockable rhythm was detected.   Thanks for sharing, and glad you've recovered well! Very interesting read.  
Thanks.  Your final thought was not wanting to be rude to your mom.  Not bad. 
Geez man. That's some crazy shit. Glad you're alright. Thanks for sharing your story 
That's the thing it was my first ever, fucking scary! 
That would've sucked! Even just thinking about it. It's so shocking, did you feel as if everything was a dream, as if nothing was hurting , all that was going on was thoughts in your mind? 
That's actually quite valiant. It certainly takes an understanding person to communicate with those that felt that way.  I didn't know if you were gonna get my reference or not. 
I'm American so I think that the answer to that question is a "yes" by default. 
No, but that would have been amazing. Just yell out "eureka!" as my first word coming back.  
No I never heard anything else from or about her. I doubt that she even knew the extent of my injuries. My lawyer was able to deal with the court without me being there. 
I totally know what you mean. I suppose when its time its time, but you should definately fight it every step of the way. 
I live with constant pain and had an experience similar to OP though not due to an accident.  It was the first time in years where there was no pain,  I wasn't afraid, I just felt warm, comfortable and relaxed. I felt bad knowing that my mum would be devastated but at the same time I knew everything would be okay.    I'm sorry for your loss and I'm sure her passing was peaceful.   
ahh damn, I didn't even think of that! oh well, somehow I'll cope. 
I've had nights where "sleep" was the moment between closing and opening my eyes- felt like an instant but in reality, 10 hours had passed.   Makes me wonder how feasible(probably not + likely unethic somehow) artificial comas are for "personal time travel" aka. "wake me up in 2040 when we have flying cars ok bye".   
I had an initial surgery, but was told that I'll probably need a secondary one eventually. To be honest, I'm probably past due to have it re-checked. 
This is a good question; I've never been a religious person. I would place myself as Optimistically agnostic. I don't know if theres an actual heaven or hell; but its nice to believe that something happens after we're gone. 
yeah in the movies everyone's like "my body feels so cold..." and I'm just like, heh. 
What the fuck...why didn't you go to the hospital?! You have no idea what even happened to you..do you?  
Nobody can say for sure, but that's a really amazing and special story. 
You woke from this eternal sleep once,  you may possibly do so again, we all go back to wence we came. When you are in the process it becomes quite soothing and calming, like when you have got yourself just right in a real warm and comfy bed and you are nodding off real happy and at peace. I was close at one point with pneumonia after a real bad infection.  I had fading vision, something like tunnel vision but it wasn't frightening, I just felt a peace, like you were at one with the universe.  They brought me round quite rough with  what felt like an explosion on my chest and I was roasting  ( was injected with something) it slowly burnt up my arm until it went over my whole body.  That's when the pain came back. Not scared of the process now but I do fear leaving my wife and children.  I have always thought death to be a quick process and death standing before you like something out of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels. But the way I experienced it wasn't too bad or fearful 
Thanks for this, I pretty much just threw it up on the page as I thought about it. I'm just glad to hear it made sense. 
I'll keep this in mind. Thanks for letting me know! 
Ahh I see your question. No I have no idea, I assume that she was ticketed and all of the basics. But I never heard anything about actual charges. 
You're welcome, I'm sorry for your loss and I hope that he went peacefully. 
Most of the pain that I can remember having was towards the beginning, after that shock and adrenaline took over. It wasn't so much like a dream, but I was pretty out of it. Think about how it feels to be really groggy after waking up at a bad time. It felt similar to that. 
Tears in my eyes and laughter on my lips is an odd roller-coaster. 
When I was in the hospital for my kidneys and related pain I apologized to everyone for everything.  The nurse, the Dr, the cleaning lady, seriously everyone.  I felt so bad that my body was being a jerk and making everyone take care of me.  The nurse told me that's how they knew the really sick patients from the pill poppers and such.  If you're loud enough to scream and yell about your meds and be mean to the staff then the reasoning was you weren't that bad off. She said it was the quite nice ones they worried about more.  Ever since then I've been even nicer to the staff.  I don't want to be a bother but it helps to get better care.   
Hah even then he's like don't cheat motherfucker I'm watching  
I feel like this is something out of Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. 
And when they start to say a word or sentence you finish it. 
That was my thought exactly. I could have died right then and there and not known. I remember falling. I remember the instant I hit the ground. But I don't remember any pain or anything. Just a skip in time. 
Assuming it was at ET tube, that'd be because there's a balloon on the end holding it just below your vocal cords :/ 
Pain can be weird, especially when you're scared or in danger or a lot is happening 
 I'm sorry you have to live with that. I hope your momentary lapse in life gave you a sense of comfort in the future and the time that you have left with everyone. I know this moment is changing my perspective on my relationships with my parents. Thank you for your kind words, it means a lot to me right now. 
Just say you saw some angels and you're set doing talks for life.  
oh yeah that too. I almost forgot about that. I've experienced such 'dreamless sleep' before, and it did trip me out. But I most of the time dream vividly, so such sleep is rare to me.  As for the 'personal coma', I'd love to do that if we had the tech, but considering how bad humans are at maintaining our civilisation (based on our histories), plus how I don't trust that my sleeping body would be safe from harm, if the tech really does become available, I'd probably not try it out haha 
I figure that if no afterlife is the worst case, then death is a pretty good deal. I mean, a dreamless sleep is pretty relaxing. Imagine that, somehow, trillions of years and big bangs down the line, some absurd level of technology finds a way to reignite your consciousness.  You might ask for five more minutes.  
The cold feeling is shock, caused by your blood retreating from your extremities. After you heart was restarted, the blood would have flowed back out to them, probably causing the warm feeling. 
It is thought that when you die, the brain releases DMT, a powerful psychotropic  
It was just a concussion. There is very, very little doctors can do about them.  
This is probably one of the coolest things I've seen on reddit. Seriously, no hyperbole. Thank you for this.  
Its too bad that she didn't visit you or say she was sorry for causing the accident 
I find that these are the best kind of laughter. They don't happen often. 
Do you have the same thing, where it doesn't feel at all that all those people are at work, and it's their job, but it seems more like they were living their life, and then you got ill, and now they have to take care of you? :D 
Omg I could see myself doing that, that's hilarious! 
Probably a combination of both. They basically let me go after my blood level almost back to normal. It didn't take me very long to become pretty stable again.  
It's the switcheroo. Douglas Adams does that a lot. For example:  "It's unpleasantly like being drunk."   "What's unpleasant about being drunk?"   "Go ask a glass of water."  
I once pulled a catheter out(for my wee), not realising it had an air filled balloon keeping it in place :-( nurses were shocked is an understatement 
You're on to something here. We need to pantent the electric alarm clock. I'm thinking "Shock-Clock" for the product name. 
That would be too obvious. Just say you saw a middle-aged chinese woman looking at you disappointedly.  THAT'll garner some attention. 
"No Power Failures Since ~~1997~~  ~~2048~~ ~~2639~~ 2863!" 
This reads like the beginning of a novel, and I want more! 
Thank you, very informative and interesting. I read the Wikipedia page but it sounded more like a synthetic drug people take. 
I'd actually imagine that her insurance told her not to contact me directly. My friends insurance told us something similar, not to initiate contact with her.  
Yes!  They always tell me, oh it's my job. And I'm like "I know but I'm really sorry."  
It specifically reminded me of the line:  "It's times like this I wish I'd listened to what my mother said."  "Why? What did she say?"  "I don't know, I didn't listen." 
My wife is a nurse and has seen that happen. And been shocked.  
Well, cuff is probably a better description, but they inflate like a balloon.  If it had a funny oyster looking thing on the end then it was a LMA but those shouldn't hurt nearly as much.   Typically we remove them after you've roused enough to open your eyes or support your own breathing with a guadele tube (like a mouth guard with a longer piece to keep your tounge down) and follow instructions, but before you're concious enough to remember. 
From the 911 bit I assume you're in the US - I imagine med bills were quite pricey. 
I thought that said Shock-Cock...I think that would wake up men fairly well  
I meant it as purely hypothetical;  Besides, we don't have the slightest clue as to how that absurd level of technology would work. At this point, my most educated guess would be that it's magic.  I think that, ultimately, the greatest challenge would lie in retrieving information and/or matter from within another big bang, rather than reassembling someone's consciousness. 
Welcome, I find it extremely interesting.   Yes DMT is simply extracted from a number of plants around the world that have a high percentage of the substance.   DMT is physically quite safe the only physical effects are dilated pupils, slightly higher heart rate and blood pressure. It's not really possible to overdose when vaping DMT.  DMT is also known to help with a number of mental illnesses. 
I think you'd be surprised by DMT, as SWIM says it's like you're still completely your self just in another dimension I wouldn't say sleep paralysis would effect it because your not asleep. As long as you go into the trip relaxed as possible, treat the drug like it's not a toy, willing to go anywhere, expectation-less and excited you should be fine.  SWIM says after you do it once you'll be a lot more comfortable. 
Would that be because of possible grudges and conflicts between you and the girl? 
Click here to learn the two things that SHOCK nurses! DOCTORS HATE HIM! 
I wasn't 'in the right frame of mind' :-/ actually, I was desperate for a poo too & I think I thought it would help?? Plus I'm a girl. Does it make a difference??! 
Oh cool, does that mean that DMT would be very difficult, if not impossible to pick up in a drug test? 
That is extremely interesting. Worth reading more into for sure.  
I dunno if it's right for me, considering I have major anxiety though. Maybe after I'm 30 and (hopefully) in a house with my bf. I've logged your advice mentally though so when I am ready to do it, that's what I'll be. 
I'm sure that it's a mix of that as well as the fact that insurance doesn't actually want to pay more than they have to. The less the girl knew about my condition the less likely that she would be persuaded to take full blame.  Likewise, I wasn't supposed to be in contact with her because It would seem like I was pressuring / harassing her, I suppose.  Although, I was the passenger so no matter what I got no blame regardless. 
Yeah, Its all right though, I don't hold a grudge against her. People make stupid mistakes, espeically while they're driving, hopefully she learned from it. 
I think the fact that you're a girl became definitively obvious, was when you said the word "poo". The earlier hint was "pee".    I get it, when in labor, some women poo during the pushing. I made my husband swear not to look, but if he accidentally did, under no circumstances would he tell me if I did, either way.  
Most psychedelic drugs are impossible to be picked up on drug tests (excluding marijuana of course - which is a psychedelic drug fyi).   Shrooms and LSD are unable to be picked up on drug tests. I'm pretty sure DMT is the same.  
There is no rush, it's a crazy experience and no it's not for everyone. It depends on what type of person you're. If you do it end up trying it, start with low dosages and work your way up so you can get a feel if it's right for you. 
I see, yeah. It does make sense. Thank you for the story and explaining here! 
I really wasn't in labour though!! This was just me, on the loo! As you do! 
Rules 36 of the Internet: if it exists, someone has a fetish for it. 
Yep the test window is short. The substance occurs naturally in your system anyway 5% of people have detectable amounts in their urine and 45% of people with schizophrenia have detectable amounts. 
I had an awkward conversation once where I tried to practice my Mandarin Chinese on this girl from Hong Kong. In my defence she told me she was Chinese, so it wasn't a terrible assumption to make. :) 
I like languages, so didn't really think much of it at the time. I guess when you grow up speaking English, you don't really think of other people learning your language as anything other than normal.  It definitely feels nice to make someone's day though. 
Standing at a subway station in toronto I had an asian girl come up to me and just say "Downsview?" to me. I figured she was mainland Chinese and was either unable or far too shy to speak much English.   Handily I spend a lot of time in China for work and have managed to pick up a good deal of basic mandarin. Her eyes lit up when I started explaining to her in shitty mandarin how to get to Downsview station. A mixture of surprise, happiness and total confusion (I'm a big white guy). Glad I could help her out! 
Haha, he got fake mad at me when she told him, like 'what have you done?? You're making me look bad'. He messaged me afterwards asking me where I learned though, so I think he has realised how much it would mean to her :). 
This is awesome, good job for making random peoples day :D 
Just takes practice! Become fluent at the language! The rest will follow! 
What? How could that ever be racist or ignorant? In school one of the best ways to have a conversation with the international students (or even second gen immigrants) is to talk about their language, their culture, their home because surprise! It's part of who they are.   I wouldn't have thought that Lithuania is particularly interesting or relevant, but because I was able to talk to a Lithuanian about their language and country I found out that their language is the oldest surviving language in Europe, and they have a god damn interesting history.  
Same. I thought it was going to be a TIFU kinda post until I noticed the sub.  
If they end up in reddit, they usually do. I was also very pleasantly surprised. 
Because Russian is far less obscure than Kazakh. Most people probably know a word or two, so it's more of a hassle. Not that your gesture isn't welcome or anything. 
Nah.  Everything he says in that movie is actually Polish 
For those who aren't aware, in Hong Kong they speak Cantonese, not Mandarin 
Most of India does learn at least some Hindi in school. The only place in India where you can safely expect nobody to know any Hindi is the state of Tamil Nadu, where Hindi is viewed as a linguistic threat to the native language of Tamil. 
I've heard it both ways.  "Good on you" is more informal, more slang. 
eh, most people speak at least a little, but it's not widespread enough to make the assumption that any given Indian speaks Hindi 
I'm reminded of the Mark Twain quote; "Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.".  
As someone who's not English, I'll say that learning it doesn't feel anything other than normal :) 
You got lucky haha, I'm surprised you could tell the difference between mainland and Hong Kong / Taiwan  
Haha, it was pretty cool! I grew up in Oregon. West Coast, Best Coast! 
FYI he might actually be legit angry that in seconds you may have made a deeper or at least more involved emotional relationship with her than he did.  Good on you for being considerate to her, but don't forget about possible side effects! 
Thing is, In secondary school we had to choose 2 languages for the first year, and in the second year we dropped one and took the GCSE in the one we kept - We were only offered French, German and Italian at my school though.   So the option is there, but the average 14 year old doesn't really see the point, wheras in other countries I guess there is a whole load of imported media all in english, so there is a lot more motivation to learn it 
It's so unfortunate that you get people like that. It almost makes you inclined to just pocket the phone and say you know nothing of it if you knew they'd do that. Did others buy your story over theirs? 
I would also usually talk in a radio voice. Making people laugh and question whether or not it was a recording was solid gold. It's one of the very few things I miss about it. 
That was my exact response. Your heritage is who you are, and it's one of the best ways to get to know you.   I told them of many times where both immigrants and native born people of all colours have asked me of my background and it turned into a great conversation where we both learned a lot about our respective heritages.   I said that these people just want to learn more and we should all be happy that they're interested in new people and not shunning those who are different.   I was then told that I'm a privileged white male and my experiences mean nothing to the women of colour in trollx. 
Not me.  It's either funny (I was born in the same hospital as you) or interesting.  There are far too many sticks up arses nowadays.  Even the Puritans would be confused. 
I hate the word cultural appropriation. Cultural appropriation promotes understanding and harmony between cultures. It's only bad when done in a way which seeks to stereotype a whole culture in an ignorant way. 
My mistake, yeah. Cantonese and Mandarin are as different as English and Russian.  
Link for that? That reminds me of a TIFU where a guy adopted his son who was Asian and believed he was Chinese and raised him with that kind of cultural influence only to find out his son was Korean 
I was unaware that I had a newsletter.  That sounds like a pretty cool thing for me to have. 
I thought this was the case for colloquial or conversational Hindi. My understanding was that it is a bit like using French vs. Germanic roots in English: for "high speech" versus "regular talk." I was led to believe that formal Hindi sounds a lot more like Sanskrit, which doesn't sound much like spoken Urdu. Am I wrong? 
My dad speaks Malayalam and my mom says it sounds like rocks in a blender. It is an even tumbling sound, because they actually put even stess on all syllables! I'm not sure if this is specific to Malayalam, but speakers also combine the last sound of a word with the first sound of another that has the same letter. It sounds weird when they do it in English. 
Languages from different families as well. Indo-Aryan, Sino-Tibetan, Dravidian and Austro-Asiatic. 
We're the Texas of India.  The CM tried to get rid of teaching  English too a few years ago, but luckily that was quickly shot down.   
No one is expected to know Hindi in India for business. It's English that's important. 
In this day and age, this can even be sorry if possible through they internet and documentaries, and plenty of media. As long as you don't vegetate in your own little corner of media all the time. Which, unfortunately, a lot of people do. 
There was famous soviet magician Amayak Akopyan who had catchphrase "sim-salabim ahalay mahalay". Last part of the phrase can be used to describe some magic action, like word "abracadabra". So I thought this could be the phrase that your colleague used. 
I find theres quite a difference actually. The way people look and dress (especially younger people) is way different in taiwan and HK to the mainland imo. Also Taiwanese speak mandarin, so that wouldn't have mattered.   And a  young Hong Konger would almost certainly speak some English.  Call it an educated guess haha. 
That's awesome! I'm up in Vancouver BC (west coast = best coast indeed) and now I'll have to see if we have anything like that here! 
This doesn't help if his most recent ex is Judi Dench. 
I disagree. OP did the right thing making this girl feel welcome outside her home country. In a couple seconds he made her feel at home in a way that no one else had done since she had left. Her boyfriend may not have had the idea but at least he's stepping up to the plate in a way that will bring them closer together. If the boyfriend is/was mad then that's on him. OP did the right thing. 
Get some beginner Kazakh textbooks and watch Kazakh dramas, will take some effort but you'll be good  
I was with my friend. we both were just really surprised. it was a weird incident. it was also a shitty part of town. 
i love when people make boring things fun. you are a cool person. 
I met my wife in my mid 20's. I later found out that although we were born a couple of years apart, she was born in the same hospital. When we were kids, her mother had a job in an office on the same street as where my grandmother lived. There were a few other little coincidences, but those two alone made me go "whoa" when I found it out. 
The phrase I used sounded a little like 'kalinz kalai', which apparently is the more formal version 
Only spoken, written they are mostly (exactly?) the same.   
From my experience (I'm Cantonese), most Cantonese people can speak Mandarin but not the other way around. In conversation with someone else who speaks Cantonese, whenever I forget a word in Cantonese but know it in Mandarin, the other person would almost always understand if I said it in Mandarin.  
Oh gosh, that. Definitely a reason to do a little more reading before assuming one thing or another. I mean "Kim", hardly a Chinese surname. 
it's like catfacts but you're the unwilling one, now TELL ME MORE 
Latin did that. Elide the end of a word with the beginning of another.  
Yeps. As far as languages go, if you don't know for a fact, its usually just best to ask which one they speak. 
Maybe it's different now, but from what I've heard from family and friends, Hindi is a necessary part of getting a good job in India. 
I didn't wanna get into a whole long essay, but yeah, I don't think it has to be *literal* travel, with the options available these days.  
That's probably the guy! I'll update my story in future retellings :-) 
Yes, Hongkies will mostly likely already know some English.  Source: a fellow Hongki. 
I don't think he did anything bad as such, just that his friend might be a little irritated about it. Like maybe OP should be a little careful about making other grand gestures or talking to her alone for at least a short time just so his friend doesn't get a wrong idea.  It seems like everyone overall is reacting positively though so I doubt it's that big a concern. 
It was a gas, man. One of my favorite lines was "Wwwwwwelcome to the best [insert fast food restaurant] in [insert town]!" The kicker was that this was the only one of this chain in town, so some people would be like "Hey, wait! This is the only X in town!" 
Hong Kong uses traditional characters while mainland China uses simplified, but yeah. The characters represent concepts rather than sounds. Japan also uses a bunch of the characters in combination with their own alphabets.  In fact, if you put a Mandarin speaker, a Cantonese speaker and a Japanese speaker into a room, even if none of them speak any of the other languages they can communicate through writing characters for each other. It's a fascinating system. 
Still, it makes for a nice anecdote. It's funny, and reinforces how small the world is.   What really makes me wonder is that the world can really only get smaller. Our advances in communication are more likely to make talk over distance increasingly-easier, and closer to the face-to-face experience (in my opinion) -- in fact, I have an inkling this is why Facebook cares so much about a VR platform: building the first VR social network would pretty much set the standard. *Snow Crash* = IRL?  It's like when you got a new game console and thought, "There is no way graphics can get any better than this." Then, the next generation blows the doors off it.  
It has always been different. Perhaps the people you know are from North India. Most people there are mostly ignorant about South India. 
Although literal travel is probably still the best way to force open mindedness, because to seek out this stuff kind of requires some from the get go. 
Is that really what people from hong kong are called in English?  
See! you are a cool guy! what do you do now, if you dont mind? 
The Japanese person would have difficulties though, as grammar isn't as similar and they wouldn't be able to use their Japanese characters, which are about half of what is typically written (in terms of information, not by character. By character it's more than half. Kanji is more information dense than hiragana or katakana.) 
No, I made it up myself.   I think Hong Kongers is the preferred term. I think Hongkies sounds catchy though, even though it somewhat coincide with a Texan slang or something. 
I work for Delta now, doing plane stuff. How about yourself? 
Even in Japan, different regions use kanji slightly different.  For instance (and don't quote me on this because it has been 6-7 years since I lived there) the kanji symbol for napkin on mainland is the symbol for toilet paper on some of the islands.    
Even for native people it's hard.    I'm ethically Chinese, but I live in Singapore. I can speak Chinese just fine but my writing... It wouldn't be exaggerating to say a 12 year old kid could write better. I really only know the basic words and then some.  
It's not totally disconnected, though. For about 80% of words, you can guess the pronunciation with some degree of accuracy if you know the most common character parts, which aren't that many (about a few hundred). Granted, this degree of accuracy usually means that there is some ambiguity in both the aspiration of the consonant and the tone of the word. 
Those phonetic characters are  also used in Mandarin, and are also used to convey the tone of the sentence. The difference in written Cantonese and Mandarin are the specific phrases used to describe an object or concept. I don't have any immediate examples to give but an object like toilet can have different combinations for both, but would still be legible for both languages, although they would sound strange to the other side because they don't usually call the thing that way.    Note: I probably butchered the English language by typing that, English is not my first language. 
It sounds like honky, which is a derogatory(ish) word for white people. 
ooooo plane stuff! I'm an engineering student. I just wrote my last final for the semester. Exciting side news: I'm starting my first junior engineering job on Monday! 
You seem like a fairly shrewd person and in addition also interested in learning other cultures. How did you think referencing Borat is funny or relevant in any other way still? 
I'd say I'm ethically Chinese as well, but I live in Canada.  
Metaphors, poetry, puns, etc must be a barrel of monkeys.  
I'm talking about words that don't exist in Mandarin. The easiest example is also one of the most basic. The word "to be" or hai in Cantonese has no Mandarin counterpart. While the word "to be" or shi in Mandarin does have a counterpart in Cantonese.  Note, hai in Cantonese is a character written for its sound, not its meaning.  
Engineering job?! Fat wallet swingin' :D  Good job getting through that, man, it must've been tough. What do you engineer? 
I didn't reference it.  She did, as what i imagine was a self deprecating way of breaking the ice.  
I was thinking 'Oh yea the PSLE, just took that a while ago. Didn't do too bad, least I passsed.. Oh wait that was the 'O' Levels'.   Fuck me time flies. 
puns are actually common as most characters sounds the same when read/pronounced. 
ha! i am looking for a car on the internet, and it feels like my bank account is waaay too tiny. I cant wait for a nice big paycheck, and for my student loan to wither and die.  Thanks! I engineer systems. I am in industrial engineering. LEAN six/ process design. Yadda yadda yadda.  what do you mean by 'plane stuff'? that must be cool.  i may be over thinking this, but you type a lot like a friend from school. I think he would recognize my username, though. 
Also because they can convice voters to vote for them. Regardless of your ideas, you also need to be able to communicate them in such way that the people want you. You need to be good at the political game, which is not just about different opinions but also about making alliances and enemies at the right times with the right people. I think many geniuses have trouble communicating to the "normal" people, so they could never become president. The charisma just isn't there. Let alone that they could dive into the political game. 
What do you mean, "I couldn't be the president of the United States of America"?  Tell me something, it's still "We the people", right? 
Your letting us down cactus!  But I expect to see your name on the ballot next time.  
Hmmm.... I have a pretty nice ficus in my office.  Running mate? 
Is honest and honorable the best thing we should look for in a leader, though? That one character from Game of Thrones got his head chopped off, after all (I don't know how to put things in a spoilers link). 
And almost literally one candidate from every race ever. In the recent decades it's just been the shiniest of two turds. 
He would probably just ask you to vote for Hillary.  
The problem in this election is that the two mainstream candidates are not equally bad.  I dislike Hillary and do not want her to be president, but I think Trump would be an indescribable disaster.  Hildog will have to have a *very* secure lead in the polls before I'll even consider voting 3^(rd) party.  Also, dunno any specifics about Gary Johnson, but the Libertarian party has its own streak of batshit crazy positions that turn many people off. 
Seriously.  Hillary absolutely has the resume for the job, if not the charisma. 
Problem with 3rd party candidates in the US is that they're fringe and can't really get the votes that the major party candidates.  
I got 142 mil from a census... so something in the range of these numbers 
The executive branch employs over 10 million people. It's decidedly more powerful and larger than the legislative branch, despite only a single individual being elected to run the branch. It no longer resembles what the Constitution proscribed.  
As much as I hate to say it, I agree with this line of thinking.   "Meh. I know she'll use the opportunity to line her own pockets but at least she won't wreck the place. And who knows, she might end up throwing us a couple of bones while she's at it." 
Well of course. But giving people free speech and free press and the right to practice any religion they wanted and attempting to keep religion out of government was ridiculously progressive for 1776.   
Exactly. That's the distinction between Trump and any old angry racist bigot. He's a proven artist of deception, and he has about 7 billion more dollars. 
"Do you still stand by your policy to grant one free pony to every American?"  "YES I DO, SIR." 
It's been about 12 hours since my post.  It was *totally* a shitpost. You don't ever go full Mustard in 2016 
I often feel alone in opposing both; feels the majority of people love the idea of steal and kill; sometimes loving one more than the other, or justifying one for the sake of their love for the other.   
Hm not me. He's decidedly paranoid and pro-domestic spying. 
Nah, Hillary is definitely the Frank of the equation. 
You're right, we should just choose the person with the most dragons. 
I feel like these candidates are so terrible, it forces you to vote *against* the other candidates, no matter what your personal beliefs. Not for some important issue, not for some goal or promised progress. It's bullshit. 
I dunno man/woman - I doubt Hillary will invade a sovereign nation and occupy it for the rest of her presidency on not the best intelligence.  I'm sure I'll get a million replies about her vote for the Iraq war; I think that's made her incredibly weary to intelligence.  God I fucking hope so! 
Yeah that we post pass-aggressive, snarky 1 liners to twats on Reddit? 
We have real numbers against Hillary, and he lost. 
I think somewhere there's an article saying a decent amount of Americans would consider it right now.  
_howls loudly at the top of my lungs from forlorn moonlit cliffs at night_ Berrrrrnieeeeee!  \*sobs\* 
He never said or implied anything of the such. I'm sorry to hear that's the impression you got.  
The LP hasn't nominated anyone in the more extreme wing of the party in over a decade. And they're not corrupt lying assholes.  Polls also show Johnson pulling about evenly from both Trump and Hillary. The nice thing about it is even if Johnson doesn't win, if the LP gets 5% of the vote in the general, they get easier ballot access in the future and federal funding on par with the two major parties and gives independents a voice they've never had. 
My issue with her is she is a criminal and probably going to get away with it because of her last name and money. 
"Do you have any other major policies?"  "Just that one. I think that's enough." 
Senator Corgi let me pet his tummy! And he let me vacuum him to get his extra fur off because he sheds so much that it's just easier than brushing and who are you to judge huh?    So, in conclusion, put me down for 2 tickets. What's on the menu? It better be fancy feast for prices like that... 
What about You. I heard he's got great charisma and ideas 
This is why I think Trump and Clinton have a sort of co-dependence. The only chance they have at winning is if they're running against the other person. 
Regardless of whether you like or dislike him he's certainly the most impactful president in recent memory, all while dealing with the most batshit retarded Congress in history. 
I mean, I would think that if we could all opt for another 4 years of Obama over Trump and Hilary we would. But I also thought that people weren't absolutely retarded enough for these to be our two choices to begin with. 
Or if she gets information that could prevent something on the same scale as 9/11 I'm sure she would.  
It is an unending source of bafflement to me that, after arguably the most capable president the US has ever had died during his 4th term in office, our nation collectively went "nah, we don't want anyone that capable in office that long again, we'd rather just be screwed". Like, what in the living fuck, guys?! 
If you think Hillary is going to give a third Obama term you're gonna have a bad time.  
*places a single white rose atop a gravestone marked "uncounted Provisional Ballots 2K16"* ...Bernie... 
He supports abolishing all and any federal agencies that he is allowed to. EPA, NIH, Department of Education, etc. Abolish them all. That alone is enough to tell you he's a completely impractical candidate who has vested to much faith in the "free market." 
Nah we just lock him in the Ambrose Asylum if he goes rogue. 
Trump is also a serious swindler. He has a history of ripping people off and making poor investment decisions.  
Yeah.  Musk's plan is to gtfo and settle Mars.  300 yrs from now the martians will come back and take over Earth by sitting in space with an asteroid precariously orbiting Earth.  They'll probably have gundams too.    
And I'm starting my computer and a new game of civ 
We're living that in the present.  It's a trick of theirs that we don't realize it.  Median income for an American family of four (household) is $50K. 
  That's not how I see it. Power isn't a corrupting force, power allows you to act on your corruption. 
Same. But if that's the case, be prepared to settle for an older house. In a lot of areas, all the new houses are in HOA neighborhoods. 
See, I'm happy with the free pony, but the part I feel like people keep forgetting is that it's a mandatory national identification pony. Like, what if I want to go visit someone in another state? Do I have to ride the pony there instead of flying? How fast can a pony walk, anyway? And would it be illegal to tamper with my pony? Because it might be worth it if I could at least add racing stripes. 
Why not a Me/You ticket? Me for prez, with You for VP. 
Conspiracy theory time!  Trump is a ringer to give Hilary the presidency.  He takes out all of the Republican competition, then makes the rest of the country hate him so they vote Clunton.  There's no other way in hell that would make me vote for her, but come November, I probably will. 
He's very nuanced, professional and good at what he does. He understands the world and his impact. I'm Belgian and I'm gonna miss him man 
Who actually know what went on behind the scenes to put that together though. I feel as though lobbyists are more to blame than obama himself, iirc obama wanted single-payer or at least a government option 
It's less about practical reasons and more based on maintaining the idea that America is different from countries with monarchial or dictatorial rule that lasts a lifetime set by a tradition started by George Washington himself.   Every other president followed the tradition without having to have a constitional ban on it (though one or two may have tried) until FDR, who certainly served in severe enough times to necessitate a longer termed, stabler, and more powerful ruler of the country (and was loved enough to be elected that many times). But his long stay scared a lot of people who looked back at history and noted that the founding fathers had not intended for this kind of long rule, and they generally agreed that it shouldn't be allowed to happen again. Just another weird quirk of American Exceptionalism. 
You might dislike her as a person, but aren't they both pretty much what you expect from people representing the Democratic party, as far as policy goes? 
Ah. Okay, nevermind then. Knew this sounded a little too good to be true for a Libertarian nominee.  
I'm fairly libertarian and liberal/progressive. A lot of people are. Head on over to the political compass. We're the bottom left quadrant.  
Will still produce more useful results than voting for Hillary or Trump. 
We'll just keep the Lesnar launch codes under wrap out in Canada. 
Seriously. Just because he's not politically shady doesn't mean he's not shady. He's just corrupt in another industry. How is that better? 
I mean sure, now's pretty awful for a lot of people..but we haven't evolved into birds that are scared of the ground after the entire world turns into shoeshops, so we have that going for us. 
Yeah, I don't disagree.  I guess I don't want to get all philosophical, but as you say, I suspect that old lady is just a bitch. 
You say that like it's a bad thing. Older houses kick ass assuming they were nice houses to begin with. 
I can dig it.   The point I was kind of getting at is that his own personal wealth isn't actually funding his campaign, sort of.  He is lending his own personal money to his campaign, which means any money he fund raises, he can pay himself pay everything he put into the campaign.  So he gets the PR shit from being able to talk about how rich he is and how he is paying for his campaign, while at the same time, not actually paying a penny to it, because everything his official campaign fundraises he pays back to himself. 
What if Clinton is a ringer to give Trump the presidency? She gets the Dem nomination, lies every time she speaks, and pretends she isn't a corrupt piece of shit so people vote for Trump.  
Get out of here with that sane rational thinking, don't you know you're on reddit! 
Yeah, like, if only our very first president warned us about something like this in his farewell speech... 
That was actually a semi-obscure youtube reference, but yes, I agree :P 
But now you just end up having political dynasties :/ 
Quick semantics, FDR was not president for 16 years. Polio took care of that. 
Not at all.  If you look at things she was say at the beginning and prior to her campaign versus what she's saying now,  she's pulled a complete 180 on many big issues.  She's pandering for votes,  which to me means once she gets into office she's going to flip again.   Changing your mind on issues based on new information is one thing.   Flipping on most major issues after you start slipping in the polls is another.  
So I keep hearing. And then, after considered discussion, those liberal progressive values seem to wither and die. And if I point out elected libertarians and how they hide their racism behind a shield of political neutrality, one by one I get told "that's not a REAL libertarian." Yeah, they seem to be legendary creatures like unicorns; oft spoken of but never seen. 
And yet, the dueling ideologies often produce the same results.  Conservatives once openly defended "NO BLACKS ALLOWED signs" as they were very happy with racial segregation and racism. Now, Libertarians aren't screaming anyone should be racist -but their ideology permits the same signs. One just might suspect they found an alternate way to get the same things done. I see them as conservatives in sheep's clothing. 
My argument is that it is and always was a non-issue, it's being blown up purely to harm her chances at getting elected.  Do you honestly think anybody actually gives a shit about email servers?  Of course not, which is why every other SecState did whatever the fuck they wanted with them.  It was never a 'crime' until republicans decided to call it one. 
I'm from the UK and a basically just want to bring this back to use on George Osborne. :) 
Yes and no. Really old houses are beautiful, but they're also going to require a lot of maintenance due to their age and the inevitable wear and tear on them. Not to mention they were probably built with absolutely zero concern about energy efficiency, so heating and cooling them will be a lot more expensive if you don't drop a bunch of cash to retrofit them.  And the majority of old houses aren't even those beautiful, ornate ones - they're cookie-cutter boxes built for GIs after WWII, and they were built to be mass-produced, not to last for a hundred years. 
Eh, Clinton is definitely a serious candidate, to the same extent that Sanders is. She was solidly in second place against Obama eight years ago, she's been involved in politics for decades and has held elected office as well as appointed positions, etc. Her life history shows that she is passionate about being in politics, so I don't think it's likely that she isn't sincerely interested in becoming President. 
Counter thought: It was his insistence that we don't have any political parties that ensured we didn't pass laws to sufficiently regulate political parties and it created the broken two party system we have.  It's a shame we don't have a system for federal parties (there is no "Democratic Party" and "Republican Party" there are 50+ of each for each state and territory). State laws make establishing new parties nearly impossible, the First Past The Post (FPTP) system makes voting for those new parties difficult (though there are plenty of countries that have multiple parties that also use FPTP - Australia, The UK, and Canada for instance).   Also our founding fathers were pretty dead set against direct democracy or allowing too many people to vote. So all-in-all we were pretty screwed since the beginning.  
A government for the people of the people by  the people, eagle? 
National security is a non-issue?   But okay, I'll humor you. Let's for a minute pretend that the only reason the emails are being blown up like this, is because of the GOP and the upcoming election.  Does this suddenly invalidate the fact that she did something wrong? No. Of course not. I don't care if every Secretary of State,  Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, and Attorney General did it too. It doesn't make it acceptable if it poses a legitimate security risk.  The fact that she's deleting records and hiding shit about them is just the cherry on top. 
Marathon mode, I'll return during the next election.  
That's exactly why Ostracism wasn't very successful late into democratic Athens' lifetime. People ostracised people whose policies they didn't like rather than, the intended targets, threats to the democracy. 
Nah, I get too much prompting right out my own head.  ;) 
Minor objection: Australia does not use FPTP exclusively, and both Canada and the UK don't so much have multi-party systems as we have "dynamic" two-party systems (there's always two relevant parties, but *which* two changes from time to time)  
If you delve deep enough, you can always find that everybody 'did something wrong'.  What matters to me is what it says about her character.  To me, this wasn't a character-damning indiscretion, like bribery or corruption.  This was her getting around the pain in the ass protocol surrounding email rules.  You have to pick the hills you're willing to die on, you know?  I know, personally, I dont give a fuck about what servers emails are stored on. 
I'm not going to lie, I pretty much would just use it out of spite or because I thought it would be funny.  
from time to time and place to place. That's true, but still we gain those advantages by having federal parties, we also are given free broadcast time on the CBC / BBC to air our beliefs and such.  In the US there are no legal systems for political parties except some basic financial laws which are filled with loopholes.  
Gay rights isn't really that much of a 180. Marriage is literally the only position you can claim that on, but she was one of the first national politicians supporting full-rights civil unions (in 1999 when it was still very unpopular), she was the first FLOTUS/Senate candidate to march in a Pride parade in 2000, and she pushed for gay and lesbian couples to be able to adopt. She's always been a very strong gay rights candidate, despite being late to the party on full marriage.   And minimum wage? She said that if a $15 minimum wage bill came across her desk she wouldn't veto it, but she's been for $12 nationally with some places to go higher than that. Which is logical. A $15 minimum wage makes sense in NYC, Seattle or LA, but would devastate Louisiana or Alabama.   Hell, even TPP is "I was in favor of the idea while we were negotiating it, but I don't like the final plan."  Not really the cut and dry flip flop you make it out to be. 
It would be hilarious if we could specify where the target has to live those 10 years. Send Trump to live in Tijuana. Send Salvini (head of the northern league) to live in Naples. 
It came out steaming hot and it was a light brown (I think it's actually a caramel/vanilla flavor), so it didn't occur to me it might not be coffee. 
Best thing I've read today too. As a white, coffee drinker. 
Drinking straight creamer? More like freshman 150. 
Huh, I started with black tea (no additions), transitioned to shitty coffee drunk black, now consume great freshly burr ground coffee with a little milk to cool it down in the morning, a 200mg pill at noon, another cup drunk black after getting home, a latte in the late evening, and a 3 bag kettle of green tea at night.   Fuck. 
Or if you're like me and never liked caramel, the mocha frappuccino is the same thing but with chocolate instead. It's pretty much a frozen chocolate drink with whipped cream and with a coffee undertone. 
I figured stuff at the cafeteria probably wouldn't be the best, but I could get it free on my meal plan as opposed to dropping $2-3 for every cup. Such is life as a student 
Usually when someone asks me how I take my coffee I say "black and bitter, like my soul". I think I'll switch to this.  
No, but after reading the comments I'm thinking I should give it a go 
This! I've been a daily coffee drinker since I was 12 (now 29) and for a long time, I drank dark roasts exclusively. A couple years ago, I heard that lighter roasts have more caffeine, so I decided to give them a try, and as it turns out, I actually prefer the taste. They aren't just for noobz. 
Heh after reading this my first thought was "man I'd make this guy the best french press coffee"    There will be a day when we just crush the beans and snort them. 
Well, I've left the church I grew up in and it's a "thing" for us apostates to drink the devil's liquid, so I thought I should at least try it.   I really like hot chocolate and would like to able to replace it with something that has fewer calories.   I just like the idea of grabbing a coffee with someone. It's a tradition lots of people do and I'd like to be a part of it.  I don't want it to become an everyday thing though. I just want to get to the point where I don't hate it. 
The search continues. I had a cafe au lait yesterday and it wasn't the most terrible thing ever. Next time I go, I think I'll get a latte. 
The smell keeps me from trying it enough that I've never gotten around to forcing myself to taste it at all. 
I'll probably be trying something along those lines next time I go. 
Or if you want to survive in the office environment you're more than likely studying to participate in in the future, get a Mr. Coffee and some ground coffee.  Yuban if it still exists.  It's second only to the bulk unbranded "coffee" sold at discount/warehouse "stores".  (I'm not saying that's what I drink; it's simply the opposite extreme to the coffee neckbeard philosophy ;) .) 
Not even sure where the nearest Starbucks is. There's a cafe that's popular with the locals and has several locations on campus. I've been getting about one coffee a week for the past few weeks. I've mostly tried different types of drip coffee. Haven't really found anything that clicks yet. 
It was a light brown and I think it's a vanilla/caramel flavor. I haven't had much exposure to coffee, so I just thought a little cream added could make it that color. 
I might do that next time I grab something. I've tried dark/full city roasts so far, but I don't think I've tried a light roast. 
Don't know how I would notice since I don't have access to a scale. Are you talking about my username that's relevant? 
I've tried medium/dark roasts, so I'm thinking next time I want to try something lighter. 
I actually emailed them a couple days ago, so we'll see if they write back. Some people are theorizing it's not actually creamer, but idk. 
I did get some really bad headaches, I just wasn't sure if it was due to other factors. I'll look into it. 
Not a fan of grapefruit, haven't really had the others (except mushrooms, which I like). You're the second person that's posted about that, so maybe I should look into it a bit more. 
Yeah, I realize. One of the reasons I've mostly been trying drip coffee is because there's little/no calories. I'll definitely have to hit the gym more than usual this week. 
I agree with the other user, if it was steaming hot and light brown I would highly doubt it was coffee creamer. Sounds to me like you were drinking a French vanilla cappuccino. 
It might be cappuccino, actually.  It comes out of a machine that you press a button and hold your cup under?  And it's hot and frothy? 
Best thing I've read today, as a white black coffee drinker.  
Good coffee is like good whiskey. Doesn't need any frills; it's perfect as is. 
i used to drink tea but i've been unable since moving to coffee! any recommendations? drink strong and black coffee fairly regularly at the moment 
That sounds so sweet my teeth hurt just reading it. 
"never like caramel"  Erm...wut?  How is that like, even a thing? 
I think the frap gave you a heart attack. It's diabetes in a cup. Im a barista at a small shop and we have like one blended drink that we have for those new to coffee but man, espresso is so good. It's like what the guy above said,  it's like whiskey. 
If you're still interested in making coffee in your dorm, I'd recommend an Aeropress. It's inexpensive and works pretty great. Plus it makes almost espresso-strength coffee, so you can top up the mug with hot water, milk, or even French Vanilla Supreme creamer. :p  Also, different roasts will be more or less bitter. Dark roasts are the most bitter, but I found light roasts kind of acidic.  And it helps if you use not-quite boiling water. If it's hot but just a step or two down from boiling, it extracts a little bit less of the bitter compounds.  I think. I'm a terrible coffee snob. I just like coffee. 
I think this is similar to how a lot of people get into beer. You get over that "gross" flavor of beer by drinking light stuff like Miller, Coors, etc. then you start to get introduced to craft beer and it's like a whole new world.  
Yeah, I quit dairy recently but lattes were totally my gateway drug 
I've been experimenting with aeropress, frenchpress, and the chemex  to find my perfect coffee experience. It gets addicting (lol) and you realize you've become the coffee equivalent of a wine snob.  But ironically, when I'm late for work, half asleep, and in a rush, I actually make coffee out of the keurig. 
I don't find dark chocolate bitter. I just don't really like the taste really... 
I only found out about a year ago after years of just drinking whatever.  My friend started getting way into buying fresh beans online and roasting them at home himself.  So, I first got to try freshly (lightly) roasted Ethiopian coffee... almost tastes like a kind of intense tea.  So amazing.  I now get the freshly roasted beans at Sprouts (North American whole foods type store) and grind them coarsely there and French press at home.  Ever since, almost any dark roast just tastes like garbage... what do you drink? 
Same! All I need is a good sleep and I'm good for the day. Even the smell of coffee makes me wrinkle my nose... I find it strange that some people force themselves to like it. 
We used to serve at the coffee shop I worked at in high school drink called moo moo mr. cow, half a packet of instant hot chocolate in coffee. 
One trick is to ask for a "single shot latte". In my country at least, every coffee is a double unless you ask for a single.  To my mind the point of latte/ cafe con leche/ cafe au lait is that it is supposed to be weak and milky. 
Yea lol it must be. Maybe I'll give it some more chances and see if i can ever acquire it, but it def feels forced to drink it atm 
Lighter roasts are much less bitter but they tend to have a little more caffeine. The flavor is also much more versatile with other flavors, like that delicious French Vanilla Supreme. 
Ah, okay.  I'm a dark roast fan, medium roast reminds me of nasty school coffee, even if I tell myself its good stuff. 
Could be. Doesn't taste anything like coffee though. 
Yeah. It doesn't taste like coffee at all though. Upon further tasting, the subtle undertone I thought was the coffee is actually caramel. I've got a hell of a refined palate. 
There also seems to be a strong venn diagram overlap of people who like whiskey and people who like premium coffee served black. 
Yep, there can be a *world* of difference in coffees.  Best coffee I've ever had was on a ship in the Galapagos. Smooth, flavorful, just fantastic. 
I just eat straight dirt. Most plants come from dirt and I get mine from the source. 
I usually will add a little bit of cold water to mine. I started doing it because that's how it works with an Aeropress: you make a concentrate then add hot water. One day I got tired of waiting 20 mins to drink it, so I left a little bit of room for cold water. Instant perfect temperature coffee, been doing that ever since - even to non-Aeropress coffee. 
I'm not much of a partier and have no particular desire to start drinking yet, but I'll keep that in mind for a few years down the road. 
Unfortunately most JBM is utter crap that is poorly grown and overpriced because of name alone. 
Interestingly I hear lots of girls saying this (not that i know princesshashbrown's true gender)   Apparently dudes can't refuse milk+sugar in any form though.  
Have you tried the Ghirardelli 86%? It almost defeats the purpose of buying very dark chocolate so you don't eat too much at a time. 
You can live a perfectly happy life without many many pleasurable things, that's not reason to deny yourself. BTW you don't have to be addicted to coffee to enjoy it lol 
I don't want to force it into my daily routine, I just want to be able to go along if people are grabbing coffee. I'll give tea a try next time I'm out. 
Yeah it's a fake mix out of those machines, like you'd get at the gas station.  Not real coffee, kinda like hot chocolate. 
Those flavored cappuccinos don't really taste like coffee.  They're very very sweet.  It just seems very unlike that what you've been drinking is creamer, if it's coming out of a dispenser hot. 
As an African-Americano I prefer my coffee watered down. 
I wish I had enough passion for something to go that hard core with it.  
If you have a Stumptown coffee roasters near you, they're really good. /r/coffee can also assist you in picking a good coffeemaker  
I'm a girl, and I don't like caramel. I do, however, love hash browns! :) I really don't understand why I don't like caramel because it *seems* good in theory, but I don't like the flavor and texture. 
The tapioca pearls actually have nothing to do with the 'bubble' in bubble tea; its name comes from the froth/bubbles when the drink is shaken (the original bubble tea being a black milk tea, not the fruity smoothies that are popular nowadays). 
Lindt 90% is worse (and by worse I mean so much more delicious.) I started buying dark chocolate to lower my chocolate intake.. It worked for awhile and then I just got used to it. On the bright side, there's less sugar (so it's "better for you") and no one eats it on me because everyone else thinks it tastes like dirt. 
I completely forgot about the social aspect. My own biased perception of caffeine after getting off of soda after 12 years has morphed my view of soda, coffee, and alcohol from being something that can be enjoyed casually to something that will inevitably lead to addiction.  That is an ignorant view as many people have more self control in that aspect. 
Im sure all you will need is one cup to decide it too. Honestly, cold brew coffee is the fucking shit. A lot of coffee shops really mess it up though. Its very low in acidity and bitterness. You have to drink it black though, or else you might as well not spend the money on it. Cold brew is similar to ice coffee in the way that they are both coffee and ice. Thats the only similarity though. Cold brew will forever be better 
I have had some digestive troubles, but it's hard to know if my "coffee" was the cause. 
I did the same (had some leftovers in a thermos in my fridge) and now realize how it's way too thick/sweet. I was just deluded by the fact I had found coffee that didn't taste so nasty and bitter that I didn't see it for what it really was. 
This, just like how cinnamon toast tastes nothing like Big Red gum (which is flavored like pure cinnamon), cappuccinos taste nothing like black coffee. 
Petes Coffee bought Stumptown and Intelligentsia so I don't know how long the quality will last, I myself have never liked it. Some shops across the US will deliver online and to other states. A big chain that's actually really good is Blue Bottle coffee, it's great. I'd always prefer to look for smaller, local roasters, they tend to serve what the local likes. 
 I like caramel but I don't like caramel flavored things, like Frappuccinos. 
My parents were both alcoholics, so I became biased against such things as well. That's why I'm only now considering the possibility that there might be something worthwhile in there besides drunkenness.   It's always a pleasure to meet someone with such an open mind, though! 
It would be more likely to be real coffee if the digestive troubles are correlating with your ingestion of the mystery drink. Caffeine helps with GI motility (although if you're experiencing more of a constipating effect, it's more likely the dairy in the drink).    Also with the headaches, those could very well be from caffeine or caffeine withdrawal. 
I totally get that. The stuff my parents used to keep around tasted like dirt.  If you still want to try coffee, I'd suggest a flavored medium roast, cold brewed (put the grounds in a pitcher of water for 24 hours, and store refrigerated after filtering).  Cold brewing cuts out a ton of the bitterness to the point that I usually don't sweeten mine at all. 
I don't like the term acquired taste. I prefer to think of it as "learning how to appreciate" a thing. I never liked jazz music until I had a teacher dissect it for me and instruct me what to attune my ear to, for example. 
I like your last statement. What's wrong with wanting to fit in? Nothing! I hate when people say stuff like you don't need to be blah blah blah just to fit in. I like fitting in. I like having friends and having common interests.  
It's the same with Sparkling Water for me. After you get over the initial discomfort (thinking it is soda every time you take a drink), then you start to really enjoy it, especially with food. It makes food taste better IMO because you get the nice carbonated feeling of soda without the metric ton of sugar overwhelming your tastebuds. 
Sugar sugar sugar.   Sugar and videogames are why America is fat. We are sedentary Coca Cola and low-fat ice cream addicts. 
I feel you there - I absolutely hate beer. Might be to do with my starting to drink a few years later than my friends; we went to the same house parties at 16 with alcohol, I just didn't start drinking it till later. Not a fan of wine either; for me it's shots or cocktails (can't beat a double screwdriver or sex on the beach), mainly due to the former being efficient enough to disregard taste as well as down quickly enough, and the latter tasting nice enough to enjoy. Toffee vodka is also great.  
While Stumptown is now owned by Peet's, the people who make Stimptown what it is are going to remain in control, so quality shouldnt change. It would likt he article that I learned that, but I am at work and Sprudge is blocked, but Reddit isnt, lucky me. 
Agreed, caramel is amazing but anything that's supposed to taste like it has this weird burned, bitter, and/or artificial taste to me. 
I initially assumed it was some weird play on caramelization/the maillard reaction that causes food to brown 
Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life. I hope your tomorrow is extra awesome :) 
I'm more of a Waffle House hash brown type. If I'm at McDonalds, I get the two that come with the breakfast combos at normal breakfast time. 
Drinking pure creamer, which is 50% lipid, also causes digestive troubles. Your liver does not normally produce bile to handle drinking the equivalent of an entire cup of fat in one go, especially every day for several days - this is literally something people do to deal with constipation. 
I see I think you were saying the same thing. Learning to appreciate, acquired taste it's all semantics.  
Yeah, but in any normal situation people know when to stop and just say "this isn't for me."  
I want to believe this to be true but only time can tell. I was never a huge fan of stumptown but they did a good job of reaching to the public. Here in LA's Westside there's Cafe Luxxe and they're doing great for the general health of smaller coffee stops. Long Beach is striving as well, and there were rumors of starbucks gms calling my shop for tips and training. I think small coffee is going to take over. But tangent aside, blue bottle is a company that's grown dramatically and still remains top dog in most places. 
Same. I thought Clarity by Jimmy Eat World was utter garbage the first time I heard it. When I came back to it a year later, I thought it was brilliant. 
There are hundreds of condiments that don't hurt you. 
I am fine watching just for laughs gags hidden camera show, it rarely embarasses the random person.  It is usually just them seeing something crazy happen.  But I won't watch roasts or shows like punk'd where the idea is to embarass the victim. 
I think one difference between Arrested and The Office is the only sane person in Arrested knows everyone around him is crazy, while the Office has several "normal" people trying to grapple with the oddballs on the show and keep some level of composure while cringing inside.   
I have had to literally get up and leave the room watching Larry David.   
Jackass when they're messing with each other I'm perfectly fine with but when they start messing with random strangers, I can't handle it.  Those guys signed up to look like a fool or have some crazy stuff happen to them on camera.  The average person going about their day did not. 
Phyllis and Bob's wedding is another one. I skip both of those episodes every time. 
The Office UK is beautifully cringey. And by that I mean it's a brutal cringefest.  
Peep Show is the most awkward thing I've ever watched. It hurts to watch, but I love it. 
Yes!! I **hated** those movies for that reason. About twenty minutes in, I assumed Meet the Fokkers (or was that the sequel?) was going to end in murder suicide because no other possible ending could be satisfying.   Then friends made me watch Bridesmaids. I opted to get sloppy drunk because it made me so fucking uncomfortable.  I get embarrassed for them, but when it keeps going I lose all empathy and just flip to this deep, disproportionate rage.  
If Ben Stiller created it, Ricky Gervais has perfected it. The Office was bad, Extras was even worse, and then he went full retard and did a show about a mentally challenged caretaker. I liked the original version of The Office that he did but his other stuff is too much.  
Don't worry about it. Stuffing up and things failing is just part of live theatre. We're all going to head backstage and laugh about it after the lights go down, and it happens all the time. We expect things to go wrong and working round them is part of the show.    
dude whenever I rewatch the dumb starbucks episode(this is my go-to episode that I show people to introduce N4U), I always skip the music parody thing because the cringe is real. 
I clicked on this thread just to mention the Inbetweeners. I love it but it's so painful for me to watch. 
that depends for me.  if the story only involves the five main characters, I can watch it all day.  watch "Reynolds vs Reynolds: The Cereal Defense" for an episode where their assholishness only hurts each other.  it's comfy as fuck.  if the story causes the main characters to terrorize an innocent outsider, it gets a little cringey.  IASIP is nowhere near as reliant on cringiness as other shows mentioned here.  I love it. 
I've loved Louis CK's standup since the 90s, so I kept giving Louie another shot.  Every new season I would watch an episode to see if I or the show had changed.  Every time I'd want to gouge my eyes out.  His standup is still terrific.  Joe Pesci had it completely backwards.  Louis CK should stay far away from TV and movies, and dedicate his whole life to standup. 
I found parks and rec to rely less on cringe humour than the office, at least after the first season. I couldn't handle the office at all, but I loooove parks and rec! 
I'll come out of my long time lurk to give u a hell yes for Hank the Cowdog! 
That one episode where he bails on paying for the kids college... so painful. 
Also, arrested development never seems as "real" for me. Nothing ever sticks to these people, they are all so far insane I just sit back and laugh until I cry 
I'm going to ballpark it and guess that he followed you and did something mildly racist, then when you collapsed into a fetal ball of cringe, he made a remark using the word cripple. In front of a disabled person.  
And then sometimes he just does the exact opposite and it's the worst thing ever.  I sit there and start moaning at my tv, "Noooo Larry whyyyyy. OH MY GOD NO not that! Oh god that's even worse! Oh my god, Larry you are so... no, no, no. oh god just stoopppp." 
To be fair, any time you see a person on Jackass who doesn't have their face blurred out, they've signed a release form. They may not have been in on the home at the moment, but rest assured they were at least informed of what happened afterwards. 
Meet the Parents is my go-to example for this type of comedy. It seems to be falling down in popularity for movies and going into television like The Office and Parks and Rec, and I honestly thing it's better in those. Shorter durations, no need for a central "hero" to have the conflict center around them, etc. Movies have swapped over to The Hangover kind of comedy, where the absurdity is ramped up while the characters do less to pretend like everything is okay and do more to just *survive* the absurd scenario and act as equally shocked as the viewer would. 
Yeah, that kind of stuff makes me want to compress my body down into a singularity out of embarrassment  
In the sequel, there's a scene where his fiancee's dad is wearing a pair of fake tits to feed a baby and asks ben stiller to touch them. Somehow, he manages to make it super awkward and cringey EVEN THOUGH HE'S NOT THE ONE WEARING FAKE TITS! 
And Business School, which is like right before Phyllis's Wedding. Just so much cringe from so many angles.  
The dinner party episode is cringe but so fucking funny. There's some great one liners. I also saw the season blooper real and there's some clips from that episode and they are hilarious. Michael and Jan keep cracking up during scenes at the dinner party.  
It absolutely is.  The US version has heart, while the UK is just brutal (which I think makes it soooo much better, but the shows are so different, to each her own).    That said, the Christmas Special series finale for the UK version is amazing and incredibly touching.  So if you never managed to finish, that's something worth knowing. 
I think it's so hard because people truly endear Michael Scott. 
Best thing about it was both characters felt like real people. You meet people like Gareth all the time in office work. Dwight (the American Gareth) is just too over the top to be a believable person. 
My grandma grew up in the same village as Ingvar Kamprad. I'll introduce this idea next time I bump in to him! 
I didn't think Derek was cringey, just one hell of an emotional roller coaster  
Why don't you like Louie? I'm not trying to be a contrarian asshole, but it's really one of my favorite shows. What is it about it that rubs you the wrong way? 
God dang, I'm glad to see many other people suffer from this. Not in a sadistic way, just glad I'm not too weird. 
The USA *did* have the option of using German as a national language, but nooooo.... :P 
It's because we do go through a lot of oddball emotional situations. For example Kummerspeck is also a word here, it refers to the weight you gain when you feel depressed or just broke up with someone. 
haha Loved those as a kid. Especially the singing on the audio book versions. Sill though, Hank the Cowdog had some super cringe moments hurt my soul sometimes. :P 
I've never laughed harder at a show.  I could definitely see the parts where he asks to hang out with the people he's helping and they try to make excuses but he keeps pressing the issue as painful to watch though. 
Yeah, it's almost comical which makes it less real. Whereas The Office can almost be relatable - Everyone knows SOMEONE who is a bit like everyone on there 
Jim was a well-adjusted, cool guy.  Tim was a depressed loser. 
I'm aware and that's fine if they were OK with it afterwards but at that moment they were involuntarily being messed with so the cringeworthiness stands.  
I had to walk out of "Daddys Home" because that's all the movie was, every scene. Made my physically agitated. 
Wow, that's the exact mental image I have when I feel embarrassed! I thought I was the only one! 
Give it some time - it keeps gets better and less cringey as it goes. It really takes off about midway through the 2nd season and just keeps getting better. It has one of the most thorough/satisfying series finales I've seen. 
It's....you have to watch it. You *have* to watch it, and you'll never want to watch it again. But the episode is genius and displays one of the most Michael Scott-y events in the series. 
 Michael Scott (Steve Carell) realizes he cannot keep a promise he made to a group of underprivileged children 9 years ago; he promised that he would pay for their college tuition provided they graduated from high school. With no other option, he visits their high school with Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) to break the bad news. Over the years, the students have pushed to graduate because of his promise, and greet Michael with standing applause. They all take turns giving their thanks to Michael, as do several school and community leaders. When Michael takes the stand, he congratulates everyone for being able to graduate from high school, before admitting that he does not have the money to pay them. Everyone is upset, but Michael then tries to calm them by giving them laptop batteries.  The entire episode is a perfectly crafted cringefest. 
That's a $200 plasma screen TV you just destroyed! Good luck paying me back on your $0 a year salary plus benefits, BABE! 
That's why if you watch season two of the US office the lighting is a lot different. The show didn't do too well because the US audience found Michael Scott to be too cringey and idiotic, so they revamped his image to be a loveable kindhearted idiot. They also made the lighting more "warm"  because prior lighting made the show appear "cold".    I like both, and both cater to the audiences who watched each. That said, the Christmas special for the UK version felt really great and well earned. Finally turn around for characters that deserved it. 
I agree. There's tons of cringey moments without real redemption in the first season (although of course none as bad as Scott's Tots) and people are fine with it. We aren't attatched to him yet. In Scott's Tots, we care about Michael Scott, even if he is a big idiot sometimes. So to see him fuck up THAT badly, is painful.   My $0.02 
This is how I recommend shows to people. "Oh it wasn't for me but I bed you'd love it" *because you have terrible taste in everything* 
Is that what the show turned out like? I only saw the first episode and just didn't feel like going through the series.  
same reason OP doesn't like The Office.  Feeling embarrassed for the characters because they (mostly louis) are constantly in uncomfortable situations.  what's a shame is that the show is peppered with some really absurd humor that is not at all cringey and very original.  like when louis looked out the window of an apartment at a crazy homeless guy.  a black car pulls up, and two men in suits drag him into the car... then take a different homeless man out of the other door and put him where the first homeless man was.  if the show was more of that, and had none of the awkward situations that hurt to watch, I'd love it. 
Yepp, there are still a lot of empathetic people like us who can't take watching other people suffer (at least psychologically). Whether this suffering is self-inflicted or inflicted by others doesn't matter. Some things just hurt. That might be a cringeworthy chat-up line or a miserably fucked-up attempt to sing... It just hurts. Physically. I can't stand that. Not even for a moment.  
It we had lots of towns and cities who did official government work in German. Then something happened around 1940 
German compound names are just descriptions. I love it. 
I tried to watch it because I love David Mitchell. But I tapped out in the first 10  minutes. Fuck, It was too cringy. 
there's a reason the british version went for 2 series vs the 9 seasons the US version got.  
I mean it was funny but it wasn't more cringy than any other episode 
"Omg I can't watch Scott's Tots" has got to be the biggest circlejerk in The Office subreddits.   It isn't any worse than any of the other embarrassing things Michael does in the other episodes. It's funny! Enjoy the episode people!  
Haha aww that's terrible! Your synopsis makes it sound pretty funny though. I'm sure it's probably a lot worse in the episode though, huh? 
This is interesting.  I came late to the US version and couldn't get into it - I basically felt like it missed the whole point of the concept - like they couldn't follow through with the cold horrible truth, he had to be a nice guy and the other characters did too.  Never thought about the lighting but that cold lighting was a huge part of the dispassionate "realist" feel which gave us distance in the original.  The main love plot in the UK version is essentially a car crash between two deeply dysfunctional people.   
Yeah the show is better than the pilot, but still the weakest of the three. It's biggest problem isn't the fact that it's making fun of people like Derek, but actually the opposite - it paints them as immaculate angels who we could all learn from etc. etc. It gets little sappy about it.  I still recommend it! Dougie's exasperation never stops being funny. 
Honestly, give what I do a real, honest try. I was exactly like you until recently. It's honestly probably because we both have had issues with social anxiety and it seems more of a big deal to us than it is when social situations go south. It'll let you watch and enjoy a lot of media that you can't right now, and if you employ it in everyday life it'll let you move forward with your life easier.  
Hahahahah!!! Tell him there's a lad in Buenos Aires that can **absolutely** relate! 
It's even more strange. While I don't like seeing people getting hurt, I don't feel anything physical.  But if they doo something really embarrassing, it can cause some actual pain depending on the situation.  It's a really odd thing. 
Putting my historian hat on for a moment, it was more likely WW1. The cultural hate was stronger in the First World War, perhaps because there was a much stronger bogeyman of a leader present in WW2. Typically, WW1 was when people were renaming cities, foods, etcetera.  
Yeah, the argument for "English needs an equivalent word for schadenfreude" gets weaker all the time. Why would we need one at this point? Words aren't a finite resource. It's not like the Germans can't use it anymore.  It would be awesome to see fremdschamen gain the traction that schadenfreude has though. It's way cooler than "second-hand embarrassment".  
The second and this seasons steel much better IMO, give it another shot 
Oh god is that the one where he has to pretend to be a college student? 
Because Americans don't know when to quit? (Don't worry, I'm American) 
I dunno man, to me it's the magnitude of his actions and the failure to deliver to the kids. I mean, if you think about it, there's so many consequences to his idiotic actions, moreso than the other episodes. That's what makes it awful for me.  
It is a great episode as well as being super cringe. It's pretty common knowledge on reddit how cringe that episode is, but I watched it waaaaaay before seeing it even being mentioned and could still remember feeling physically uncomfortable watching it.  
Cool, TIL. So Nazi/German hate was sowed into the fabric of geopolitics well before Hitler came to power?  
I learned it from some psych textbook in the late 90s after describing to a girlfriend why I had to leave our highschool play that she was prominently featured in... 
Americans in the entertainment industry have a very narrow idea of what they want German to sound and look like. Probably because it's funnier when you shout it at people. I hate it but this is the reason most of us think German is an angry sounding language when, in my opinion, it's a beautiful one.  
yeah, i think it should have ended when steve carell quit. it does trainwreck a bit towards the end.  
I agree with you, and I think another part of why it was one of his biggest fuckups is because it involved children, especially knowing how much Michael LOVES kids. Classic Michael, trying to do a good thing and fucking up, but you can kind of see why this was his biggest screw up because he just loves kids and wanted to do his grandest gesture possible for them without thinking about whether it was plausible.  
Or you know, different people have different feelings about things.  
In fact that's part of the reason hitler was able to gain power; his platform was centered on the mistreatment of Germans after WW1. Hitler spoke of the "power hungry Jews" and the "draconian war reparations" and treaty of Versailles in several "us against the world" speeches. The nazi party never gained a majority of any vote but hitler was able to gain enough support in power circles to gain the position of chancellor. Hindenburg's death allowed a bloodless coup bit the whole rise to power was seeded in the perceived oppression of Germans after WW1.  
Oh yeah the shouting, but it got better over the years with some celebrities actually speaking german instead of just shouting 
There's always the historical issue of the impact of man vs the impact of the forces of history.  Although we can't be sure , how different do you think that period would have been without Hitler ? 
It's certainly possible that the Nazi Party might never have gained power without the use of a powerful demagogue. But it seems likely to me that, if not Hitler, then some other gifted orator could have similarly rallied Germany to war post-WW1.  
Thank you. It makes me feel better knowing that so many people are disgusted by this. We have a lovely culture and a big part of it is sharing, we love having guests and making friends. 
Don't believe for a moment that a large portion of the country doesn't want you here. You are a citizen. You are one of us, and you will always be welcome. Don't allow this administration to divide & conquer.  
I became close with a teacher from Iran.  Today he was so sad.  It hurts to see someone like that affected by something so stupid.  
I think every country whose dual citizens are banned should definitely follow suit. This order is an insult to their system of government and status as a sovereign nation.  Literally the fastest way to get this reversed and the easiest method to show Trump the limits of unilateral action in the modern world. Such a great opportunity...  
I spent this morning reading about the Internment camps because I feel like too many people forget that that happened... All the parallels are terrifying. This is the first time I feel unsure about living here :( 
The ACLU filed a suit so hopefully it gets reversed quickly.  
When will the blunt stupidity end?  The people of Iran suffering under the Shah, replaced by the suffering under the Ayatollahs (and their horrifying war with Iraq from 1980-88), the squashing of the peoples' will in 2009 (just like the Shah had done three decades before), and now this republican rabid wet dream of a senseless and ignorant disruptive fiasco, scapegoating and punishing regular decent people for the actions of their government.  All around, miserable bastards making life miserable for others, dragging them into their politics. 
They're due back this week, but now who knows. And my teacher has a blanket 'no late work' policy and the papers are 60% of the grade. I had 100% and have never had a late assignment before. She's not nice. 
The circus is a valid path, I've been training for three years as a back up plan. That comment was only a half joke ha.  I'm sorry to hear that :( I hope your week gets better. 
That's cold, sorry man. It'll take a while, but through a lot of pain you'll come out the other end stronger and better. Keep your head up. 
Steve Bannon tacked on a 90-day ban on permanent residents re-entering the US. The ban is also preventing people who hold dual citizenship (e.g. UK + Iran) from entering the US. 
Ooooh, a date! That's exciting! Whatcha gonna do? And Japanese is so cool! How long have you been learning?  Her name is Athena, but I mostly call her Memow or Queena :) 
Only on people who are already in the US, I think. Meaning all the folks detained at the airports. The new entry ban is still on. 
When I went to Italy I found an Iranian woman's place on Airbnb and stayed there for a month. She was super sweet and helpful, and since I didn't have any friends she would take me with her to her mates' place for lunch on the weekends. They made delicious Iranian food from their cities and were super hospitable. They were also all super helpful and whenever they'd come over to my roommate's place they would ask me to sit with them. They were so lovely and I found their culture SO welcoming! 
Yes, many who voted for Trump did so because they thought he'd bring jobs, not because they are racist or Islamaphobic. So even if he won, it doesn't mean all who voted agree with the worst of him. Just that they somehow managed to ignore it. 
WTF? This is maddening. People can buy property but can't live on that property?  I don't think that I or many other Americans understand how fucked this really is. 
Seriously.. I almost feel like he planned it around this time so we couldn't see loved ones. You're not alone, many of us are going through this as well. No matter what he does, the sun will still move and the New Years still exist. Stay strong. 
Not only internment camps but concentration camps. He signed this order on Holocaust Remembrance Day. Can you believe the audacity? For shame. 
Have you contacted the ACLU? Sometimes they need/want witnesses and actual claimants.  
No they did not. They allowed those currently in transit (en route) and released those who were detained at the airports. There is no mess. Trump said today the plan is working beautifully. 
Please try talking to her anyway. You have nothing to loose. If she won't budge, could you drop the class and take an incomplete?   You may need to contact the ACLU for help for your family. They are filing papers to fight this. Do you know them?  
Ok now that's actually pretty cool. What does training entail? 
Thanks man. You wouldn't think it, but getting it off my chest and having someone say something back to me really helped. It's been a helluva day. Thank you for taking time out of your day to respond to me.  
I got to Japan in 2013, was here for two years then went to Korea for a year, now I am back in Japan. I started learning about 1 year into my first year here. I am not as good as I should be, but I have been picking it up more diligently recently.   I think we are going to grab some dinner then go to a themed bar in Tokyo! Hopefully a jazz bar with some good beer, I dig those haha.  That's a dope name!  
People forget how easily we all can become refugees.  
To be fair, I think everyone knew what he was about during the campaign and they should own their decisions. 
That's exactly what's happening to a ton of people who are mid travel when this change happened. These people don't need to be vetted, they already were. A blanket ban just makes people more extreme 
I doubt Trump knows well enough to know that. He's just trying to jam in as much bullshit as humanly possible right away. 
I'm looking into it right now to see if they need/want any of that! I'm gonna set up a recurring donation when I get paid again. 
I'm not American but I'm really touched by all the people coming out in solidarity and condemning this administration.  
I sent her a message and she said she's not taking it. I'll try again on Tuesday when I see her. I'm in my last year and I'll have to wait another year to take the class, the department is really small.  And yes, thank you, I've been reading up on them a lot, and CAIR too, and talking to my dad. I read that they're doing it case by case, so if that's true, hopefully they aren't held for too long since they're doctors. 
I started going to a class, and then one by one everyone else quit and it was just me and the teacher and from there, it's only ramped up! Circus hurts and weeds people out that way.  I do trapeze training 3x a week, handstand practice, ballet, and conditioning 3x a week! :) I started for exercise and then it was the best thing for my mental health and physical health! 
I feel you, and glad you got something positive out of it. I've been there before. When my girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me I was wrecked for a full year. Couldn't hold a relationship with anyone for more than a month without spiraling out, beer for breakfast, that sort of thing. Eventually I came out of it, but it took a lot of work. Happily married now. Hang in there! 
Amazing! What do you do for work, if you don't mind? I want to go to grad school for foreign policy! I've been learning French for 10 years and still feel like I'm not where I should be, I think that's just a trait of language learning haha.  That sounds like an awesome time! I've always wanted to go to Japan.  And thanks! I adopted her when she was 5 and I thought it would be weird to change her name when she was already an adult. 
I've actually read a lot of posts saying how Trump was over exaggerating to bring attention to issues, for free media, or to distract people from something. I think to a lot of even Trump supporters this came as a somewhat surprise. 
For a long time the US banned Chinese people from coming to America. Most would argue that that was bad, but it was very much constitutional. Trump's Muslim ban follows in the same line and is within his powers.  I think the blanket ban is really stupid, but not liking something doesn't make it unconstitutional.  
No where in his EO does it state its against Muslims.  
Hey, not sure if you've heard this yet, but Trump's order has been temporarily "paused". If your family gets detained, contact the ACLU immediately. They have lawyers at major airports to assist with this. 
I guess it depends on the school, but sometimes going to the dean/headmaster and making your case can be useful. Might be worth a try. BTW, I'm a teacher and this idea in general makes me cringe a bit (i.e., administrator dictating to teachers), but if there are/were extenuating circumstances, it couldn't really hurt. Just be respectful if it doesn't go your way. 
That's really cool. Makes me want to start back up with my exercise regime. School always burns me out and i lose all my healthy habits. 
I am US Military. Air Force, I work on computer networks and security. It's not too bad a gig, but can't wait to get out haha 
So what do you consider a credible website? salon, Huffington Post, CNN, MSNBC?  All sites that have lied about this executive order. 
I did not comment on the morality of it. Someone said this was unprecedented. That's not true. 
Wasn't the blanket ban on asiatic countries the reason congress passed laws outlawing this kind of thing and wasn't that same country-based restriction ruled against in the courts? 
That's implied. It is explicitly based on country of origin and current residence though, and that is enough. 
Only paused for those who already arrived in the USA.  
I'm a French major and I intended on going to grad school. I'll look and see if there's anything online and equivalent, but I swear the longer I'm in university, the more they just want to bleed you and don't care about the rest.  Thank you, it's scary for my family. We love this country and it hurts to see this all happening. 
Do it! I'm in the best shape of my life. I hated exercise until I found one that I can't imagine living without anymore. A trapeze artist is just what I am :) 
The executive order bans these countries from coming to the US.    But it also allows for "religious minorities" in those countries to come to the US.    In each of the countries, Islam is the majority religion.    Meaning you can't come if you're Muslim, but can if you're any other religion.  
Arguing wether his reasoning for the ban is correct or not is a completely different conversation than wether or not it's constitutional. 
I know all about the costs. I went back to college as an adult, and both my daughters were in college too. Total cost: $240,000. Each one of us pays our own loans.   It is scary. I can't imagine what you all must be feelings. I am so angry. Racism and Hatred are occupying the Oval office.   However, it gives me great hope when so many of us are protesting, contacting congressional representatives, etc. We will fight that bastard until the end. 
That's awesome. I'm a real fan of urban exploration and had been training in parkour for a while, school and money took priority though. I'm finally a senior so I have the time again! 
Ouch :( I am blessed to have very minimal debt and hopefully I can keep it that way. I found an equivalent course online though, now the question is if my school will take it. They're strict on upper division transfer credits.  I'm going to a rally tomorrow night to help show that real humans are affected by this. A lot of folks don't know many, if any, Iranian people and the media's view is all we tend to have of each other. 
I tried parkour once! Totally kicked my ass. I am a one dimensional acrobat hahaha.  I get the money and school, I had to take a summer off of training once :(  What's your major?? 
I bet they will take it. If not you can petition them.  No protests near me, or I would go too. Glad you are going! Would you please check back with me and tell me what happened? Take some pics? 
Actually only in highschool, lol. I've finished my applications though, looking into fields of Computer Science and Audio Engineering.  
The judge ordered the stay for the writ of habeas corpus because of violation of due process rights. This will be argued in court because it is not as black and white as you wish it to be.  
Yes, I'll do that! It'll be my first, I couldn't make the women's marches due to work :( 
Do you love your partner? Do you trust them?  Let them know of your desire to be more spontaneous in life. It may be the root of more relationship/personal issues than you think. Also, maybe they will like the idea? You just have to trust and take risks. We don't advance by playing life safe.  
I quit Monday morning and had it all figured out by Wednesday evening. 
You can do it in a safer way.  Look for the new job and then turn things upside down. You don't need to take the risk of simply quitting and being unemployed. 
Can you elaborate on how your travels changed your perspective and gave you purpose? I've heard others say it and never thought to ask.  
What part of NC? If you're rural it's going to be a yuge culture shock. And I mean that.  
Yup! Never having kids because I want to be happy.  
When that brewery opens, reply to this message (if you remember) and let me know when I can drop by for a beer! 
I think most people do. We're all too scared to pull the trigger on either. Hang in there... We're all trying to figure ourselves out.  
San Diego is my dream city. I don't know why you'd ever leave! 
I'm from Portland, is the scene bigger in San Diego? I feel like all I do is drink craft beer. 
In general... if my partner all of a sudden starts saying "You wanna pack up and move with me??" alarm bells would be ringing. I'm sure their partner has a life where they live, it's not so simple as love and trust. Sometimes you get lucky and you both want the same thing but instability can be a relationship killer 
Honestly, it takes a little planning, but Peace Corps is a great option for this.  180 degree change in your life, travel to far off places and live in a foreign culture, and companies will look more favorably on you than someone who just quit to travel. 
Nice!    I don't know if I'll stay. So far I've gotten more out of moving than I expected, so it's a win no matter what.   But after living in and around NYC for near 5 decades, Nashville is a bit...well...dull. 
I live with 2 friends. As is after paying my share of rent and such, plus basic necessities, I have around 200 dollars left each month. It's not that I can't save money or anything. It's just that at this rate it's going to take a while for me to save enough to comfortably move to wherever I want. I mean, I have nothing tying me down from leaving, in fact I get close and close to doing it each day. It's just not financially viable for me. (Yet) 
Wow!  That's so fast!  Had you been looking into it beforehand or did you just luck out? 
Being in a single-income household, I wouldn't just walk out of a job. It is impressive, though, that people are able to do it and make it work without ruining literally everything. 
I love all of the naysayers. People do this all the time. It's scary, and a lot don't make it. But it's certainly doable.  
Travel, just by its essence, changes perspectives.   And traveling didn't give me purpose so much as it gave me time and a new perspective in which to find my purpose within myself. 
It's hard to explain when you grew up here, I think everyone gets a case of wanderlust when they're confined to where they've grown up, regardless of how amazing others view it. Sometimes I have to remind myself that people save up to take a vacation here. When I lived in Brooklyn, I dated someone who was born and raised there. Jaded doesn't even begin to cover it. But again, it's a dream city for many. 
It might be. I know San Diego is one of the hubs of the scene and there are a ton of breweries popping up all the time. We have Ballast Point and Stone down here, I think those are our big ones. 
Yeah maybe do more of a "throw a dart at a map and take off to there for a weekend" type deal. 
Haha yes! Being from California everyone told me that the only plane in Texas I would like is Austin. Visited last march and kind of underwhelmed. I loved Dallas on the other hand and I'm moving there in July! 
I've thought about doing Peace Corps (my longtime SO has talked about doing it too), but I worry about returning after 1-3 years with no prospects. Like I don't think it'd make me significantly more employable and my field is already on the down and very competitive. 
I came from Dallas so I know the feeling. I feel like one day I'll go back, but my career has progressed so much here, I don't see myself going back anytime soon. 
Yeah, I've never had something that drastic happen to me, but I've been in situations where everyone around you is quitting and you have to hold it together. I can't blame you for quitting. In my case, I had to hold it together or I would have been stranded in Atlanta for a summer. 
How's that going man? I'm 18 and gonna start pre nursing when I graduate high school and looking forward to it!  
Just save as much as you can. I know it's almost cliche, and it seems like slow going, but just save as much as you can.  Find a dollar amount that makes you somewhat comfortable leaving and when you're there, or close to it, pop smoke and get the hell out of there.   Also, try to figure out if for whatever reason you move somewhere and can't get into school, or have to wait until the next term/semester, can you do your job, or work that pays similarly or even better somewhere else? If you had to move back for whatever reason, would you be able to get that job back and find an affordable place to stay?  If the answer to those questions is yes, then move sooner rather than later. If the answer is no or maybe, then maybe save up a little more rather than less.   
Honestly I had no plans of this as of Monday at 8 AM. But I had been talking to the owner of a different company for about 6 months on LinkedIn and I knew he would hire me, and with Craigslist and FaceTime it wasn't hard to find a place that was a good match at all. 
The point isn't that these soundbites are universally true, and equally applicable to everyone and every situation. The point is that you find a few that ring with you and your particular life experience. If you've found that playing it safe hasn't gotten you anywhere, and maybe you're too anxious or worried about doing things that benefit you, then it might seem true to you and you adopt it into your lifestyle. It's literally the same as any other motivational or inspirational story - what you get out of it depends on how you, as an individual, decide to read into it. 
Yeah, I was born in raised in Cali. My brother actually lives in Austin and I went to visit him. He had just broken up with his girlfriend of over a year and was more of an insufferable little shit that normal. Was fed up with him in about 4 hours and pretty much ruined the trip for me. Also, it was 100% humidity without raining one day. Which is just terrible.   I have always kind of irrationally hated Dallas (I am a Redskins fan) so I have never really given it any attention. I know a couple of people out there that love it. Good luck on the move!  
It definitely seems like they can't keep up with the population influx. I think Portland is having the same issues. They want to keep it a small city but it is already way past that. 
I can't even remember what exactly I was looking. It just didn't feel like home. Even knowing several people there, I just didn't feel very comfortable. 
I don't think /u/madwilliamflint was giving advice. He was just telling us about a time in his life which happened to be relevant to the OP. In a casual way... casually conversational even. 
It does depend on your field but my friend in economics says that Peace Corps significantly helps as experience in his field. Practical, hands-on experience in helping the systems of other places, disaster relief, building, teaching...  Honestly all of those skills should be invaluable to society but capitalism ain't set up that way... 
I won't likely go back to Brooklyn. Not unless I hit it big. It's just too much of a soul suck. But I'll definitely head back north. I can't take this weather. Winter is supposed to be winter. 
There were a lot of reasons I couldn't do it anymore.  It was a little ptsd/survivor guilt. But primarily I'd developed this software product and because I was the expert, I was relegated to doing nothing but support, which was a complete waste of brain.    
Thanks for the input, these are the exact things that have been going through my head. I'll definitely have a place to stay if I come back, and a minimum wage job is sufficient to pay for what I need where I'm living right now.  I'm looking to leave in about 2 months, giving me time to save up around $2000.  I've been thinking about doing this for like 6 months and am finally starting to realize it is absolutely possible from all you guys' responses. Thank you! 
Ah, so you had the security of a landing pad set up already. 
jw, why not Charlotte? I heard traffic is awful but other than that it's pretty straight. Always heard Asheville was fun but SOL was pretty high. 
I agree with both of you. Short quotes would be great if people were less stupid about interpreting them. Sometimes a positive attiude really can make a difference. Sometimes a positive attitude will result in burnout and leave you depressed and unable to work for a year.  I keep a word document full of quotes I like. Two of my favourites; they remind me of some of the flaws and quirks of life.  1. "Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid." -someone on reddit  2. "The average Australian has one boob, one testicle, and smokes four cigarettes a day." - Who We Are blog 
Good to hear. I always enjoy introducing people to some aussie artists when i can as they are often criminally underrated.  Id also recommend you check out thundamentals they just released their new album and its fantastic haha. 
Except by those of us from Dallas. There really isn't quite anywhere like it 
Yep, it makes traffic here such a shit show. The first apartment I got when I moved was 3 miles away from my job and on the same road, but my commute would still take 20-30 minutes, it was completely ridiculous. I could've walked faster if there had been sidewalks along that road! 
Wait. Are you telling me this sub is for casual conversation?? I had no idea! :0 
Obviously everyone does what the internet tells them to do without any self responsibility. 
of course most people's' wild lifestyle would be "homeless." 
This same argument always comes up when someone talks about how they uprooted their life and went travelling. People get really salty and say "WELL NOT EVERYONE CAN DO THAT. IT TAKES MONEY.", and then the argument generally turns in to how the people that do this sort of thing live with their parents or are being helped in some way. This site is filled with a lot of angry, sad people. 
Ignore this if you don't want to answer... but I am genuinely interested lol.  1. What made you decide those places to go? 2. You stayed in hotels for these trips? Flights? And what was the longest and short trip? 3. What kind of job did you have before? I'm 18 and need some ideas for careers bc Dairy Queen isn't cutting it.  Thank you! 
This Texas boy is glad there isn't snow often. I did one winter in Columbus, and it was enough for me to take it off the potential destination list. 
Pfft, I don't know what companies expect when they put people in those positions. Of course you are going to quit. And then you leave and no one else knows how to use what you created since they didn't have you teach anyone. 
Good! I hope that helps, at least a little bit. Best of luck to you, feel free to PM me if you need any suggestions for school/breaking into a new area. 
That probably wasn't obvious to him when he made the decision. People can rarely point out their saving grace before they're in trouble. I think the point is that if you make these brash decisions in accordance with your authentic wants then a viable path will present itself to you and you'll later think "of course; it's so obvious".  
He had networking set up. He was prepared. Not the same as having a job offer. :) 
I'll never forget....in high school (in the 80's) my best friend and I wanted out of this town....soon as we graduate we are taking off and starting a new life.  We threw a dart at a map. It landed on.............  Dayton, Ohio.  We never went.  I've still never been to Dayton, Ohio.  But I HAVE up and moved all around this great land, and had plenty of adventures in my 20's and 30's.  Just never to Dayton.  Actually, I have finally kinda settled down, been in the same town now for about 12 years.  And I can feel that little itch of wanting to explore and reinvent my life.  But I am also older and comfortable where I am,  so maybe I'll just take a vacation instead. 
Why question how people phrase things naturally? I don't know, maybe they aren't all actually quotes, or maybe I wanted to reflect the other person's nonchalant approach to the sayings, or maybe I just wanted to use more words because I preferred the cadence. The other person also grouped "one-sentence philosophies" and "motivational quotes," implying they're different, so if I were to use "quotes," it wouldn't necessarily seem inclusive. I can't point it out exactly, but I'm sure there are reasons. 
The Waitress Song is so good. I went to learn the chords so I could cover it, but ended up staying up late last night writing a new song with that as my inspiration. 
Oh yeah, definitely by people who aren't from there or haven't been there. I think it has a bad rep for being rich and snobby, but there's so many different neighborhoods, there's something for everyone.  
Buy a Lamborghini.  *if you can afford to eat after purchase.  Reminder, oil changes are $1,500 at the dealer.   
The trips were only a couple few weeks.  A couple of them I had friends who were going.  Costa Rica I think I got a deal.  I went to Poland to see a girl (my first time out of the US in fact.)    Iceland was just... magic.  I'd say "I can't wait to go back" but it was 14 years ago, so apparently I can.  I'm a programmer. I'd been working on wall street for about a decade by then, doing pretty well for myself as a C++ server-side guy. 
Actually, I would say PC has real potential to help you out.  In general, the people who complain about "missing" 2 years of work experience to do PC are usually those in highly technical fields like computer science or engineering.  Fields that require more soft skills tend to benefit more.    You learn about public speaking, working in a different culture, the issues surrounding poverty, another language (usually).  As an example, a friend of mine joined after a series of shitty sales jobs and left to go work for a State Government doing emergency management. 
Ohio? Yeah, small wonder. Do an autumn or winter in upstate NY or Vermont. It's breathtaking.   
It's so peculiar. It was a high performance bond trading system, not exactly "setting up someone's wordpress blog" or something. And....I was....answering questions on the phone? Sorry guys. Time for me to go.   
Yep. I'd been in the office a couple hours.   Can't imagine having to have gone through that pushing (or being pushed) in a wheelchair that day. 
Dead on, my most recent correspondeces with him were a voicemail I didn't return a month ago and a message on LinkedIn 3 weeks ago asking if I'd received his VM that I hadn't replied to. I had forgotten about both at this point and didn't consider this guy until hours after I'd formally quit. 
Well you did just say "And I knew he would hire me".  That's significantly different than "I moved to SoCal and then randomly got a job."  It's still a big move and congrats.  
It's not hippy or liberal like Austin (though I could stand it to be a bit more so lol) and there really are some snobby people, but at least it's not pretend cowboys. I feel like Dallas is the ultimate "normal" city. A bit of everything with a lot of opportunities. I always tell people that Dallas has a job for them and housing is fairly reasonable. So far no luck convincing anyone to make the move though.  
Shit man, I could buy a team of sled-chickens to ride for that 
Very untrue. A high school diploma is far from enough to have a decent career now. Even if you don't have a college degree, it's very dangerous to simply not get certified and experience in some career at least.  You are much better off getting a relaxing job that pays well but has good vacation time too. Municipal jobs or state engineering jobs come to mind on this (usually with completely FREE health benefit). You'll be able to travel to places 4 hours away from you every weekend, and travel to different countries once a year. Travel but be smart about it. I only got away with it because I was young, life is far less forgiving the older one gets. Not saying be a desk slave, but be reasonable and have decades of memories, not 2 years followed by the rest in very depressing situations. 
Yeaahhhh. The right to medical care is *rather* different to the privilege of being able to quit, pack your bags and leave on a moments notice. Of course, it'd be awesome if everyone *did* have that option. There'd be a lot fewer stressed out, strung out, miserable people slowly dying in a job they hate. Hey, might even bring health expenditure down!  
I would love to find out more about the experience. I'd been strongly considering it for a while now but my biggest concern is that I've got a variety of allergies (various chemicals, fragrances and certain foods) and a couple of health issues that put me on a pretty strict diet to function properly. I do REALLY well eating this way but, for example, no grains or beans are some of my limitations and most of the countries on the Peace Corps list tend to focus on those items as the staple of their diet. I'd end up hospitalized if it went on more than a few weeks. Do you think there is any opportunity for my participation given this limitation? I would love being able to be a part of it but I'm concerned about the logistics related to my physical health. 
Right? He moved to another city to work in the same industry and had enough savings for move in costs for a new apt. That's awesome, but not all that much of a life changing, throw it all to the wind moment.  
I do it all the time, I just add a ton of people. Like a company? Add the managers/directors of the department you have relevant skills, fuck it, add the owner. A percentage of those people will accept your request, I message some of those people and a percentage reply. Nothing over 3 sentences and end it with a question. 
Well I didn't say career. I said options. If one had a high school diploma, then once they were done traveling they could choose to go to college or whatever else. They wouldn't have to worry about getting a GED or being stuck working at McDonald's forever.  
It's not some special right or advantage. The people worked for it. 
Oh, I wasn't intending it like that at all. Of course if you've worked hard and saved enough, you deserve to do what you want with that money including travel. The bit I was getting at was that access to healthcare is a fundamental human right, regardless of how much you 'earn' or are supposedly entitled to. Illness does not discriminate based on income, so neither should medical services.   
"I'm a princess!"  but seriously though, is the duck one a reference joke? 
I upvoted your comment and it said "Thanks, Obama." :D 
Same! It's a lovely virtual atmosphere we have here today. 
I think I'm having deja vu...  Anyway, the Praetorian Guard was the Roman emperor's personal legion. They were responsible for defending the city of Rome and the Emperor himself. However, they were most famous for assassinating emperors. 
You can undo your automatic upvote and re-upvote yourself... for instance, mine is "Yer an upvoter, Harry." 
Lots of people are commenting the messages that appear. 
Looking through the top of all time on this sub, you realize that one of these pops up every once in a while, and everyone loves them.  I think the reason the mods don't delete these is because they take it as a compliment. And, of course, I'm pretty sure /u/GodOfAtheism has a smug he needs to stroke.                
I was hoping to preempt someone bringing up the reference in the comments, I literally haven't the foggiest 
does it use the same one's for comments within a thread? Cause that's what I got. And I got 10/10 would up vote again for OP. 
But it hides the downvote button, which I find offensive.  It's not like it stops people from disabling CSS and downvoting anyway. 
I'm seeing them. Mostly they're meme stuff like ayy lmao, quest complete, etc etc etc 
Hey man, be careful, when I up voted him, it said he throws bricks at ducks! 
Oh my bad, I didn't see that it was already asked! 
I never knew that XD  Upon testing in my own terms, it is "Ayy lmupvote", just as /u/LisaJustlisa said. 
Born too late to downvote, just in time to upvote. 
When SO and I were introducing their soon to be step-siblings I had the great idea to take them to the park to feed ducks. It's was a little icy (interactions) until one of them threw a rock and gave the other two the idea. I stopped it fast but they seemed to warm up to each other. Then one farted in the car on the way home, which completely melted the ice. Set the tone for the following 12 years and beyond, I'm sure.  
Yah looks like it gets assigned when the post or comment is made, so it's part of the comment instead of having to run a random generator every time an upvote happens 
Why would anyone downvote something in this subreddit? Everyone here is so friendly. 
Are you some kind of wizard?  Can you teach me the magicks? 
I've been doing my best to hide. I'm kinda bad at it, though. 
I agree. It works really well for this sub. Easy to read. 
Don't worry, the mods marked this as a meta thread.  *We must go deeper.* 
I like white rice, but brown rice is great for cajun, or any food that has a stronger flavor than the rice. It's too rich and nutty for something without a strong flavor.  So in this case, certainly brown rice. 
I really need to catch up on Gravity Falls episodes, because that reference went right over my head. Thanks anyways! 
If we reply to each other's comments enough, but still remain anonymous, are we strangers? If we are strangers, should we hug? Do either of us have candy? 
i have the CSS disabled because the colour scheme makes my eyes hurt 
You might have subreddit style disabled, or CSS disabled. 
Lisa, you shouldn't throw bricks at ducks. They're easily startled, but they'll soon return... and in greater numbers.   ^^^Seriously, ^^^ducks ^^^are ^^^gangsters. 
*gives you candy and a hug*  I try not to think too hard about these things. 
They should have a lights on/lights off mode like /r/nosleep. 
I wouldn't, couldn't throw bricks at ducks.  I shall keep this in mind, the gangster ducks I mean :)  
*gives you candy a hug back*  That answers those questions. 
I want a pineapple.  Life pro tip: If you are ever on Oahu, buy a pineapple from one of the roadside stands on the North Shore.  That was the best goddamn pineapple I ever had in my life.  (Once I got it.  The little girl ran away with my money until grandma tuned her up.)  Second life pro tip:  If you buy a pineapple on the North Shore of Oahu,  don't eat too much of it in one day.  Don't ask me how I know. 
or a way to disable just parts of the CSS? i know that's not how it works, but it would be nice 
Yeah, seriously. If you ever see more than 4 ducks in one place, watch your butt.  They'll run you down.  
It's been nice, uncle Kevin has been improving his cuisine a lot. Don't you miss him? 
YOU FOOL DID YOU NOT HEED THE WARNINGS? *THOU SHALT NOT HUG THE STRANGER, EVEN IF HE BEARS CONFECTIONERY* Upvotes 4:2 
My family (Mom, Dad, Me, Sister) went to Waikiki over Christmas break one year. For me, the pinnacle of Hawaiian cuisine is the moco loco. 
I dunno, those sugar-free diabetic cookies he used to make were pretty bad. But if he's gotten better about his diet cooking, then I might think about visiting. 
I stayed in Waikiki too.  I'm not sure the pinnacle of anything is located in Waikiki. 
You should, at least you get to taste the really healthy stuff ;) 
It may not be the pinnacle of anything, but it wasn't really bad. Just a mediocre tourist/condo section. Apparently, it used to be Maui level, but it's gotten old. 
Studies have also been done with other ethnic names, such as traditionally sounding African or Hispanic names, and the same results happen. And any time it's brought up, you basically just get a bunch of people saying, "well parents shouldn't give their children those names because it harms their chances of getting a job." It's pretty sad that the solution seems to be "everyone should have generic whitebread names" instead of "everyone should try to avoid negatively stereotyping people due to their name." 
All I can think of is Ratatouille, the movie. (Remy is the name of a character in the movie: a rat). 
Tinder is where you go to bury both your dick and your faith in humanity, generally speaking. 
Holy shit, that's genius. I will keep that in mind.  
But, I have pictures of me with beer and partying...  
But what's fucked up is that I am getting rejected by girls from my own region. Ahmad should be "known" or "familiar" to them...  But you're definitely right about this Parks and Rec.  
Racial bias is a thing on dating sites as well though, think there's been a few studies done about white people being less inclined to message a black person on dating sites  (not sure about the reverse or how different races affect it)  Familiarity works here but for slightly different reasons. 
I've heard that there is a stereotype in a lot of countries that white women are very promiscuous, due to porn. 
Reminds me of the scam telephone calls where guys with ridiculously strong Indian accents say their name is David from the IRS and you have to pay them for delinquent taxes. 
But like 80% of white americans identify as christian. Would you make the same assumption about them? Or someone with a Jewish last name?   Having an "ethnic" name in reality has very little bearing on how religious you are, since the name is chosen by your parents, it's at most a reflection of your parents' religion. 
I worked with a guy who was named Saddam Hussein right around the time Bush the second was invading Iraq. He introduced himself as 'Saddam' and I winced and went 'Ohh, I bet that's rough.' he just laughed and was like 'Oh, it gets worse, my last name is Hussein.' He was named before the other guy became well known so it was just an unfortunate coincidence.  
Well, it depends on what you mean by racism. Apparently his presumed cultural identity was much more of a barrier than his biological race in this case. 
I don't know. I guess, I thought of it, as my nick name. That way I can joke about it, and say my nick name is Nick, my actual name is Ahmad.    
I totally agree. All the people here saying stuff like "Ahmed is such an unfamiliar name" or "their family is probably too religious for me" like it somehow excuses their behavior is a little ridiculous. I get that it makes people uncomfortable to talk about, so the natural response is probably to redirect the conversation towards something else, but not being able to accept that racism still exists is a big part of the problem. Just accept it and try and be better in the future, that's all you have to do. 
If you are in the US, Mina sounds like a girl's name, so that might be confusing or if putting. 
Travis is definitely not a great choice to attract women.  IMO of course.  Maybe other women think Travis is an amazingly sexy name. 
as a guy called Osama this scares me. To make it worse im an athesit, people will always assume im muslim  
This.  I don't understand how anyone is ignoring this.  Western women don't want to end up converting to Islam, so why waste time meeting someone you'll never want to connect with.  
Yes, because it's totally racist for people from a Western Society to swipe right on Western names more than non-Western names.   The dude lives in Toronto. 
I am from Afghanistan. I have hazel eyes, dark brown hair , and fairly light skin, lighter than eastern Asians (people from Pakistan, India, Srilanka , etc.) Whenever someone tried to guess my background, they always start with" are you Latino?"   
The recruiting system where I work totally anonymises all applications before they get to me; all I see are the answers to the questions and an applicant number. It can be annoying, but it certainly strips away any (un)conscious bias gleaned from age, gender, perceived race etc. 
From what some sits have, it is not technically illegal. But good luck getting to an interview and showing a different person/name. 
I want to be offended, but I'm gonna take that as I'm a good cook. 
I met my fiance on tinder, we're getting married next year. There's plenty of fish in the tinder sea, but if you use a shallow lure with whore bait, don't be upset when you catch some stinkers.  
I loved this.   I'm beginning to seriously date a girl on tinder and she says things every now and then that make me realize she was NOT just hooking up with people.   first night she came over to my apartment she said something along the lines of, "well we skipped the actual date and now I'm at your house. haha this is an unusual tinder date." I laughed and agreed all the while in my own head thought, "the only thing atypical here is I'm not inside you and I actually enjoy what you have to say."   so....things are going well.   but it can definitely be used to both ends.  
My buddy met his long-term gf on Tinder. I think it was a terrible decision, but so far she hasn't cheated on him, so maybe he knows something I don't. 
I disagree that the shallowness is something new or exclusive to it. I mean, it is not very different from picking girls at a bar/club, you look at the girls and go: "No, No, Maybe, Yes, No... Lets try the "Yes" and then later the "Maybe"" and girls do the same "If THAT guy comes here I'l think about it. The rest are a no".  The app just made it much easier and quicker. And people are, usually, more sober. Tough I understand if you refuse to pick girls at bars/clubs too. 
I was going to suggest Adam as an Anglo version of Amahd.   But Matt works well too!   Also, Amahd is dhama backwards. I feel like there could be something with that but can't think of anything.  
They may be assuming your family or friends are super religious even if you are not. I know, super big assumption that doesn't even make sense and it stupid to begin with. But that may be their (stupid) reason. /u/_afox_  may be correct. Also, he foxbro! 
Eh every ahmed and Mohamed that i know is muslim, so its not the craziest assumption. Then again I also have a muslim name, but have long since left religion. 
Not really. I actually agree with /u/howisaraven on a lot of points. I've personally witnessed incredibly rude, shitty and disrespectful behavior from fellow middle-eastern men towards women. It's unacceptable. But to play the devil's advocate, they also get alienated by westernized middle-easterns. They call them names such as "FOBs" and exclude them from their community instead of welcoming and educating on basic manners.   Again, all this shouldn't be the reason to color an entire group of people as bad/inappropriate.  There's good in and bad in every group.   Remember the saying: Don't judge the book by its cover? 
Wait, where (approximately) do you live, OP? This is a lot more surprising if it's happening in Turkey than if it's happening in Texas. 
As another comment said, his race hasn't changed, just his name. That makes me think it has less to do with racial profiling and more to do with cultural profiling. 
Living in a multicultural society doesn't mean the cultures within it will like the other culture, or that suddenly personal preferences no longer matter to the person. 
My friend recently told me that he thinks American women are more promiscuous (specifically he said with sending nudes) than women in his country (he's from Greece). I really don't know if that's true, but I tried to explain to him that it may be just because it's easier to get nudes out of women you meet online (who live in the USA perhaps), than ones you kniw in person. Because personally I'd feel more comfortable sexting someone I know I'll never really meet or someone I may never talk to again after. Whereas I'd be less likely to engage in those sorts of things with people I know where I live. 
Well, Muslims on the whole tend to be more devout than your average Christian. The average American who identifies themselves as Christian doesn't even go to church with any kind of regularity if at all. Whereas the average Muslim is a lot more hardcore about it which is where the difference lies.  
I used to teach in South Korea.  I had a student named Kim Jong Un, same as the current North Korean dictator. Not a nice coincidence.     
Ya of course you can! Just be pro brown and advocate for your brown friends. Like if you go out and you get a shittier seat in a restaurant or worse service, just call them on that shit.   Your reward is access to brown mom home cooking omg like wow.  
Have you met any of these girls? Are you gonna answer as nick or tell them your real name? no judgement just curious haha 
Yeah I know, I feel like I'm nuts at some of the lack of awareness I see here. People basically saying "Oh no, it's probably just because they just associate some negative stereotypes they have about Muslim people when they saw your name or they get uncomfortable around foreign people, it's not racism!" and I'm like "Um, that's exactly what racism is?" 
Yeah true, but CasualConversation is generally a lot nicer people on average, so it was just a little disappointing is all. 
I'm sorry to say, but if I was you, I'd change my name.  Hell I did change my name to something that's pretty close to John Smith for this exact reason. 
I'm going to elaborate a little bit, and hopefully not construe the point you or /u/Geofferic are making:  Even if OP isn't Islamic, or Muslim, there's still the idea that he most likely comes from a family that may have that faith.  We also know that most Middle-Eastern families *tend* to want their children to be in relationships with other Middle-eastern significant others.   That being said, I don't blame girls for not swiping right. You live in a Western Society and are foreign (especially from the Middle-East given the current Global Climate), you're going to get less matches. 
I was wondering if we could see any pics...ya know for science :') 
Are you the guy who reads those online applications that make you re-fill out the  information after your resume has been uploaded in addition to a 50 question personality test? 
And that is? ^^genuine ^^question, ^^dunno ^^what ^^you're ^^talking ^^about 
Is it discrimination if they make more money with women? Seems like a business choice to me.  
My name is Charlene but I go by Charly.  My resume and business cards say Charly and only things like cheques and benefits say Charlene for processing.  I've never had a problem with it.  I'm sure if you make up a completely different name it may cause some confusion but there was an example a few months ago where "Deandre" hated his name for job-hunting.  Everyone told him to use either "Dean" or "Andre" instead. 
_"Why do guys only talk to me thinking all I want is sex just because all my pics are cleavage shot selfies? I HAVE  a brain and personality, you know!"_ - Every slutty woman online ever. 
Why would he need to?  *Everyone calls me Nick* is an easy fix. 
Met the girl I'm lying next to right now via Tinder.  We met outside of a bar at 2:30 AM and went back to my apartment after to rip more shots and get after it.  But that was two years ago. And now we live together.  Can't say I was searching for that on Tinder, but it worked. 
By your logic, everyone on tinder are shallow assholes who'll cheat on their SO.  
and you know what's the most ironic/contradictory part?  these same 'sarcastic' girls show zero indication on their entire profile that they're either humorous or sarcastic.  and, when you give a humorous or sarcastic reply, they act offended and have next to zero sense of humor (mind you, im not sending anything insulting/offensive to them).  i love it! 
It's bad, but being in utah, I personally assumed anyone I saw was mormon. It was a fairly safe assumption too.  
Eh, it's awfully silly of you to say someone is stupid for saying "Mohammad Fasikh Hussain" just **MAYBE** might possibly be a Muslim.   I won't date plenty of girls if they're too Christian, Catholic, or wayyyy too into any one religion, it represents who they are, and if there were any one religion that can take things a bit too seriously I would imagine it's the one that I've known to have excommunicated their child for dating outside of their religion.  
But we're not talking about worldwide or all ages, we're talking about American people of Muslim descent who are young. Who are religious at about the same rate. People might assume from my name that I'm Hindu. But I know hundreds of other desis and I can count on one hand the number I know who are devout outside of celebrating holidays. I reckon the same is probably true for young American Muslims too.  The point is, people just make assumptions based on race/name, assumptions that aren't really backed up by reality, just people's preconceptions. This guy is on Tinder, he said he had pictures of him partying, seriously there's almost no way he'd be a hardcore religious Muslim given that? 
I went on two dates, and have actually told one that my real name is Ahmad, i use nick as my nickname. She was okay with it. I am going to meet this Thursday for drinks .  
It's diet racism for sure If they were Japanese and named Fukasaki or Chinese and name Li-Chi-Pi it would likely end up the same assumption, does this person within reason have the same North American ideals as me, its like a 5 second tinder bio you have to homogenize yourself and they can't be sure. So they swipe.  
Haha, no human sees those applications if you don't score high enough on that personality quiz.  
It's largely a matter of zeitgeist. Unlike for women in tech or military, nobody cares about men who want to become massage therapists.  
I don't understand why. ELI5?  Does it match you with friends of friends (no thank you) or does it data mine your facebook interests/likes (I have left everything blank...) 
"Why do people call you Nick? Is Nick an Arabic name? You don't look like a Nick." 
I think that's a pretty innocent lie, considering many people think they know height better than they do.   E.g. Girls thinking a guy under 6ft is too small for them when really 5'10 or 5'11 is taller than they think, probably because many guys that height will have said they're 6ft to sound cool.    I can understanding him wanting to ovovercome an initial rejection based on what can just be prejudice - your cousin's case is different.   I don't really see what's so weird about what was probably insecurity, nor her ability to laugh off a white lie. 
I thought that was pretty much ALL they were looking for. 
Well im one of those people. I speak Urdu, language of Pakistan. Now growing up on it, thinking and listening to its songs, its part of my identity and huge aspect of my life. Now when seeing a causaian person huge aspect of my life, humor is what my partner cant grasp. Im not saying that if i find a perfect white girl im gonna say no to marrying her but culture/language is very important to me so what you said can be reasoned with my ideology 
I mean, it also kiiiinda seems like OP's assuming they'd swipe right *just* because he's from the same region too.. 
I'm part Polish, and what I find strange is that when my great grandfather came over to the US from Poland, he shortened our last name by three letters, but kept the "sky." It was only 9 letters long to begin with, and really easy to spell and pronounce. I never understood the point.  
OP said it was in Toronto. I've met more non-religious people in Toronto than religious, over the 21 years I lived there. Your entire "American" argument isn't valid here. 
What's up with the weird green 'thebutton' dot next to your name? 
My issue with those is that some of them ask for your job duties and then only give you 140 characters to answer it. I literally can't fit my relative duties there. So I'm left with stating my title and type of position and then saying "see resume for additional details, not enough characters" or something like that.  It's infuriating.  
Ohhh believe me, it's a lie. That's a get out of jail free card for when people that know them find their profile. 
The authentication system they use involves Facebook's token and they didn't use a homegrown account system. 
In a similar vein I think there was a post a while back about a guy who faked being Jewish with his wife's help so the in-laws would approve, and managed to get his parents to fake being Jewish at the wedding 
I'm almost 5' 9". I had a guy once tell me he was 5' 11". While he was standing next to me. And I was looking at the top of his head. (Not wearing heels, either.)  
I think it shows that it's something you're looking forward to. A passport is good for 10 years. If a person can't save enough in 10 years to go somewhere that you need a passport (they even recommend taking it to Canada these days), to me that's not a person who wants to travel internationally. 
Likes: positive stimuli, resting periods   Dislikes: negative stimuli, waking periods, extinction 
I'm a white Christian American. I lived in Morocco for 5 years and married a Moroccan. We don't have the same cultural references... and life is still awesome. :) 
Could it be misspelling by the documentation people or did the pronunciation change?   I know that when some irish families came over to England their names got written down misspelt or even anglicised.   For example variations of the same surname like Caldwell, Coldwell, Cauldwell 
Okay, but then all the more reason to not assume that a young Canadian Muslim you meet is super devout and culturally incompatible with you. 
I guess. All I'm saying is that it sucks being on the receiving end of those negative snap judgments all the time. 
It's flair!  Lots of subs use flair to mark certain users or divide the community into subgroups. r/AskScience and r/AskHistorians members use it to advertise their areas of expertise; r/xxfitness uses it as a way to advertise one's preferred exercise; a lot of competitive subs use it to track and mark participation/accomplishments. CC just uses it for decoration, though, and a lot of other subs do as well. 
And they choose not to add Google, Twitter, LinkedIn or others.  
Having spent some time doing web app development, I can say with relative certainty that Facebook integration is relied on as a quick way to get the personal information that the app depends on -- like your name, photos, social connections, etc -- without having to explicitly ask for them. Using social media authentication is also great for the user, being as they won't have to set up yet another account, verify their email, or remember which password they used, all of which generally turn people off from using new services. 
Yeah, cause there are no creepy rapists on Facebook.   I avoid using any free service where my personal info is the product.  I don't sell plasma or pimp myself for medical experiments either, just a personal standard.   So yeah, no tinder for me.   
This is what i though, too. But I have seen a couple of friends of mine show up and they said i did for them too. Go figure.  
Yeah, wtf? I have had a passport since I was like 6 months old. It's annoying to get your photo taken but once every 10 years ain't a big deal. 
Heck I'd swipe right on that one.  Add in *white chocolate chip cookies* and I'd even let you be on top. 
Every middle-eastern friend I had growing up in Toronto identified as Islamic, and prayed five times a day.   So...yes, I would (rightly, from what I've experienced) *assume* they do practice Islam. 
Oh I totally get it, on something more robust like Reddit or face to face contact I'm a lot less 'snappy'. I mean yes I would make assumptions, that's human nature, but I wouldn't /act/ on them outside of maybe asking a question (only if I can do so politely).    One of my closest friends is Indian and she's a non practicing Catholic we actually have a lot in common morally. I don't get along very well with quite a few Hindus that I've met, I know the whole Tumblr thing has killed the potency of the word, but they are often just straight up misogynists.   That said I also met an older Hindu couple and they were so awesome and so clearly still head over heels in love I told them straight up I hoped I could have what they had when I was their age and had been married for as long.  (I live in a smallish city that is the headquarters for a Fortune 500 company that does a lot of engineering. We have tons of Indians.) 
I'm guessing they use FB for the two following reasons: it's extremely popular and the most likely thing that people will have, even if they don't use anything else. And it's the most 'trustworthy' site that young people will be using. Tinder is mainly aimed at people in the 18-25 range and I see people younger than me (I'm in my 30s) being told, 'Tinder isn't really for you. Maybe try eHarmony or Match?' pretty often. If they added Linkedin there'd be a lot of unhappy people on Tinder.  It's like a few months ago I overheard a girl on my team lamenting that Okcupid was 'taken over' by 'old people' a few years ago. By which I assume she meant 30 year olds. 
I pass on every single website that requires me to sign in using FB. I have a FB account, but just no.  
Nobody said it was 100% effective, or meant to be, but it requires a Facebook and a verified (non-VOIP) SMS #. It cuts down on the spam and fake accounts that plague OKCupid, and helps keep out some of the stupid creeps.   It also shows you friends in common, workplace (now, I think), & interests in common w/ your matches.  
Err, how is this comment logically valid at all? You sleep with people who are physically near you, and you'll prefer to sleep with more attractive people around you, but that doesn't mean you find them to be the most attractive people in the world.   To put it another way, your celebrity crush is probably hotter than your real-life crush, but you're not sleeping with your celebrity crush anytime soon. 
"Taken over by old people", haha.  It's a lot harder to get strange when you are older.  I'm really surprised at the whole online dating thing with people under 30, because it seems to be really inefficient. Couple of examples, all the pictures and bios are fake. So you spend a bunch of effort texting, to see if it's worth a call, to see if you should meet for 15 minutes to confirm that the bio was bullshit, and they take their pictures from the best possible angle.    In the old days, we just went out in public and looked for someone to fuck, start a conversation, etc.  I only ever went on a couple of blind dates, and there was always a reason someone would go on a blind date (hey I was going for a hookup).  Online dating is all blind dates. 
That's why I have a fake Facebook account for Tinder. Works like a charm. 
I'd bet my saving that the picture is from Seinfeld, altough I can't quite recall what episode, but I can confirm that George Costanza would be in it for the long con and would do more for less. 
Yeah of course it is. Jake is the reason for all the miseries in the world  
That commercial ruined my life.   Wait, no I ruined my life.   But I still hate that commercial.  
George converted to the Latvian Orthodox Church for a girl because her parents wouldn't approve of their relationship otherwise. It's a classic.  
Yeah I have several friends named some varient of Caitlin. I'm glad there is no variant (that I'm aware of) for my name, that'd be a whole new world of annoyance!  And don't worry you didn't know. 
Agent schnebly5 reporting in. I've snuck past the guard and am in the elevator. As I am writing this the elevator stopped and two women got in. They don't seem to be concerned, just a weird look since I'm in a tux. Will report in soon. On the 5th floor.  
Can't tell if you're sarcastic. It's either this or sitting by myself. Remember, this is her prom, not mine. I go to a different school, so I'll have my own prom with people I onow 
Hey dude/dudette you can explore a hotel anytime you want! Most people just end up sitting around at prom, so don't regret not going.  
So you're saying it gets you...    ... Alotta Fagina?  
That sounds exactly like the kind of thing I'm hoping to do in college  
Aww thanks :D that means a lot! Have an awesome day!  
I have the same personality type as Butters: INFP! 
Also, high voltage, so the don't touch anything rule applies.  Actually, the don't get closer than 10' to any equipment rule applies. 
We didn't stay, but I assume if you book a room you can. Never heard of anyone doing that. I stayed over at my girlfriend's house.! 
I KNOW!!! I NEED TO GO BACK AND FIND IT!!!   Also, really thank you for your positive vibes... it's just kind of dizzying right now cause the breakup is a bit messy here and there so it takes some work to close. I really hope you're right about college. If I may ask, are you in college?  
you know me too well! thanks for reading and glad you liked it.  
Thanks for the kind words! I sure hope you're right! 
I've decided not to make any public remarks about where it is for privacy purposes, but that's fucking awesome nonetheless! 
Fellow agent, one of the keys to being stealthy and going places you're not supposed to is the ability to retreat. In my adventures in the hotel, I had a few "safe spots" where I *knew* nobody would find me (e.g. this little nook on the F1 staircase on the 6th floor). So each time I went a little further in the ladder room and sensed danger, I knew I had a place to fall back to. It's like guerrilla warfare.  
You'll find more awesome people like you in college/uni. Let those high school snobs be 
beware of the two ladies, they must not find out your true identity :D! 
Yo, as someone who never went to prom... I doubt you'll regret anything. Life is so much better after high school in my opinion. 
Thank you for sharing such a wonderful memory with me. :-) 
Good on you. :)   my best friend's high school had a strict "your days has to be of opposite sex". What always happened is that all the same sex couples would invite other gender couples as their dates.  
Hey, America shouldn't be giving out its secrets to other spy agencies  
Thank you for sharing too and my pleasure!! I think it's a lesson you've probably got the hang of anyways ;). 
Thanks for your well-wishes! Indeed, it was a lot of fun, and the friend I was mentioning and wife were both key parts of it. I'll be hanging on to them for life :).  
The cafe ladies were not stoked when we wandered in 5 min before closing tripping hahahhahahaha  
Dresden Files....MBTI...INFP(like me).....audiobooks? Y'all're mah internet buddies who I'll never really talk to. :DD 
I'm 2 years out of college. It was the best experience of my life! 
Thank you for the tip. I'll deliver pics of the bounty if I am successful. 
I just realized what uni meant from your comment. I feel like an idiot 
I'm going into my junior year, think there's still hope for me? Side note: I'm 32, will that be a problem? 
Heh. Foreigners.   I didn't even know that Goldfish were America exclusive.  
Reporting in. Close call! Saw a room service lady on floor 5 and then on floor 6. She gave me weird looks. I ran up stair E and then stair G to floor 8 where I am now. I think I lost her. I see a sign for "roof access" so I'm going to check it out.  
Good to hear cause high school...hasn't been the most fun thing I could imagine.  
The more and more I read people's replies, the more I tend to agree with you.  
Read above. I think the red ladder may have led to the roof.  
Yeah I was too lazy to type it all out. That's why I only went to college and not uni :P 
If there is no helicopter at the roof waiting for you, they have found us out and you must stay hidden D:! 
Left high school 12 years ago, remember precisely nothing about it or what happened there. Moved away, got actual friends, got a proper job. Life starts after education. 
I think the radio waves door was too the roof. There are signs similar to that on the door to the roof of my apartment building.  
OH SHIT HUGE ENCOUNTER. So I just took stair F1 up to floor 9 and found an unmarked door. Walked in and it had a dirty room with construction materials. Clearly not somewhere where guests are supposed to go. In there, there was an alarm locked door and a tiny unmarked side door with a lock. It was unlocked. I slowly opened the door and I shit you not there was nothing but a red ladder that led up to an office of some sort. I heard the rustling of papers and bolted. The first door slammed shut unfortunately. Currently hiding on floor 6 stair E. Should I pursue the office again?  
Me too minus the friends. Have discovered I hate people.   
Meh, it was fun considering the young age. Maybe you just had "shitty" high school experience. 
Unitards - for the weirwolf who has nothing to hide, but still wants to. 
It's a secret office! obtain secret data from the office :D! 
It's about surrounding yourself with people you hate slightly less than everyone else. 
High school is where everyone tries to find any possible reason to bully anyone else to cover up and compensate for their own insecurities.  If they can't find anything else, they will bully you because of how you tie your shoes.  Get done with it as quickly as you can, don't pay any attention to what anyone else thinks, and move on to somewhere with people who will care. 
I lived on my own through high school, explored a massive campus, got into lots of legal trouble for "hacking", and lockpicked doors to find a solid crawlspace that connected the boys and the girls dormitories.  I had a kickass high school experience, but university is infinitely better in my opinion (all of this is just opinions anyways). 
Yeah, what you just replied was what I was thinking, that it just shows a lack of chemistry. For someone who can do something fun and spontaneous like that, you can find someone who would much rather become a secret agent than dance with friends. Seriously, if one of my friends was doing that, I'd probably ditch most activities to join in. 
Not all girls are secretly thirsting after guys all the time. She wanted to dance with her girlfriends, and that's fine. She shouldn't have abandoned me, but that doesn't mean she wanted to be off with other guys.  
He had too much hype but I also dont think your team had the right system for him.  Good luck though. 
And I do thank you for that viewpoint. Trust me, I take all this advice into account, but I take it with a grain of salt. Ultimately, I'm the only one who knows the situation in its entirety.  
You are the most mature high schooler I've ever seen! All these people assume so many things about a person based on two sentences. Glad you have your head on straight! Best of luck at you own prom and future mission Agent Schnebly5.    
We anticipate your report with great...anticipation.  And eagerness. 
Very much appreciate the offer but its ok, get yourself a game and thanks alot!:) 
I feel like there's a deeper meaning to this that I'm just not getting (ignoring the fact that it's random words) 
I'm in my early 20's & I've already got a gray. :(  I call it Gandalf. 
... and you smell like one too.  I always sing this version! 
It was Super Smash bros for the 3ds :P and thanks alot!:) 
Thanks! A friend of mine has a birthday real soon, I'll try make his birthday awesome 
I hope you still had a great day! Happy birthday. :) 
My first Christmas away was tough too.  I went into severe depression because I felt alone in the city/world. 
Thanks for the response mate, very much appreciate it :) 
Have a great birthday on Friday Jai! However you choose to spend it  
I feel your pain. My birthday is on Christmas Day :( 
I imagine it's more about the lack of thought from friends and family.   More about the lack of presence than the lack of presents. 
Haha I have plenty of games believe me. PM your Steam name to me and I'll see what I can come up with. Can't have you presentless. 
Oh sorry....haha, a sunset is way more beautiful :) 
Well hello u/kaunis I love meeting fellow bread lover, how are u today? 
Perhaps saying something like, I know it's empty but I should make the best of things, like this birthday!  
Me too : happy birthday to my house and the successful capturings of all of the war generals.  
"Expectations are premeditated resentments." - Al Anon  
If you except nothing you won't be depressed because you expected that.  
Nice name. I called mine "Bitch Ass Motherfucker". Surprisingly, no more have showed up since that day. But Bitch Ass Motherfucker seems to stick around... 
Actually, there is no "grey hair," only pigmented and white.  The term "grey" comes from the appearance of pigmented and white blended together.  As you age, you have less pigmented hair, so the overall appearance becomes whiter. 
One of the keys has 3 games in it ;) (ops, I mean 6 games in total)  Let me know if you were able to redeem them just fine. 
Did you ever end up getting it? I have a 25$ gift card to amazon if you didn't end up buying it yourself. It's not the full game but it'd be much cheaper! 
That's the spirit! Hope the rest of your weekend is awesome! 
RemindMe! December 25 2014 "Tell /u/LaChatteNoire Happy Birthday!" 
You are awesome! The world needs more people like you :-) 
So the question is, where did you take a brief survey that earns you a $50 Amazon gift card? 
I think I need tattooed to the inside of my eyelids 
It's a reason to celebrate, that just happens. People like celebrating. 
I expect that I will outlive my parents. Still gonna be pretty bummed at their funerals though. 
I'm sure you'll find an even more colorful name for your first grey pube. 
Isn't it hair pigmentation primarily genetic? But yeah, I've had a pretty stressful couple of years recently so either one explains my little wizard.  Just look at it as your body adjusting to how wise you are hahah 
oh, well again thank you SO SO SO much, like SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much! xD I appreciate it alot! the world needs more people like you 
real mature of you dude. Not many people may value your birthday, but I guarantee people respect you. If you become the type of person that's worth being a friend of you'll find yourself with friends in notime. 
Google. I work at a marketing agency that puts up ads on the Internet (Google Adwords) (also sorry) haha. They're doing a survey to get our feedback on Google adwords.  
Read Chris Hadfield's 'An Astronauts Guide to Life on Earth'  It has a chapter about the benefits of negative thinking, and it's really interesting. 
It can be either. Mine is definitely life related! 
This is what I usually associate with Hawkeye. Mmm... Riza... Mustang is a lucky son of a gun. 
Binding of isaac is one of my all time favorites. OP enjoy that one! 
Hello I had a nightmare last night and I woke up having a sinus lol and I woke up late. But I didn't want to ruin my day because of that and forget about my blessings so I just wanted to be happy.  I also have lot of things to do today so if I'm not in good mood I won't be able to do them.   
There is always time for a nice change. It's gonna change trust me. Thank you (: 
Wow, that is great news!  It's def great to be recognized and appreciated.    Have a fun weekend!  
It will for sure.  I woke up today sick and I had a nightmare but I didn't want to ruin my day because of that so I started my day by smiling.  And I believe that if you smile for people, which is free of charge, you may change someone's day and make him happier 
Best of luck  Do not overthink about that Just try your best. You can do it 
Oh that look very relaxing I would love to have a bottle of cold corona but I'm not allowed to drink beer for a month You can still have one beer but not over drinking  
Everyday I try to wake up early cause I have lot of things to do but I've never been able to open my eyes lol Now it's noon and I'm still having my cup of tea (I've been holding it for 30 minutes)    
Wow  I'm happy for you Well I weighted myself today and noticed that i lost 4.5 lbs so I'm happy about that But I haven't done anything important yet Thank you for asking 
You can be happy by controlling your mind and your thoughts Count your blessings and don't compare your life to any other's life 
are you in an "odd" time zone or you just work nights? 
I'm glad I made it better. I wish that can wake up early as you do 
Hello I'm sorry for my late reply How was your date? I hope it went well! 
Send a wide text to your inlaws politely asking them to remember time zones and give them an easy way to think about it - for example, "subtract 3 hours from the current time. If it's before _AM, call us later". Be sure not to name names so nobody can get butthurt about it. :) 
I have a memoire to write too but I haven't started yet Some motivation are definitely needed 
It's good to hear that I'm happy for you What's next? What are you going to do? I'm still working on my final-year project  
Hope you feel better and all the best for your exams!  
It could be worse I hope the rest of your day will be better 
Happy birthday! Do all the things that make you happy! Whether it's indulging in ice cream or just having a quiet day! Have a good one! 
Oh my God!! I'm sorry about your cousin I'm glad I made you smile for a lil bit 
Good luck for your exams and I hope you'll feel better by tomorrow I'm having a sinus too 
Thank you so much I hope you have lot of happiness and love in your life too 
You can do it Have a cup of coffee maybe it will help   
My day is going well. It's a normal day for me  I Hope that tomorrow you'll wake up with a positive energy  
Well that's good to know that you day went better (: 
Ofc you don't really care. That's normal cause I'm a stranger to you.  But I think that you could have been nicer while posting a comment or maybe just ignore it and don't make a comment at all isn't it? Cause I'm sure that you wouldn't like to see someone talking to you that way Anyway whatever made you angry, I hope you'll pass through it 
i have so much to do today, i'm in a fairly good mood, but still don't want to do anything :( any tips, OP?  
That's really positive of you :) Certainly look up to your actions and for the very few people that see this. I believe darker days exist so that the sun can shine brightly on others :)  
Oh my gosh!  Just holding my morning pint of tea, which is lukewarm as it always takes an hour to drink it, lol! 
5 is usually just when I get tired of trying to fall back asleep but I'm up at 6 every morning whether I want to be or not. My brain is just wired that way.  
They know the time difference because their dad has been out here for years, he just wasn't thinking. This family in general is very impulsive. 
Just focus on summer projects and try and find some work experience before starting my masters (audio engineering).  What's your final-year project on? 
It turned out really good, so I'm quite happy at the moment. Thanks by the way! 
Wear your favorite socks and listen to your favorite music! 
It's a good thing trust me  You have to keep in mind that no matter what happens it could be worst.  
It ended up very well, thank you Actually I haven't done much, but the fact that I woke up with a positive energy and seeing that many people have responded in a positive way on my post made my day I just woke up and it's a new day now How's yours going so far?  
Hahaha I'm glad I found someone with same attitude as me  
It wasn't much hot I hope that both of us can wake up early someday lol  
It's about using fiber optic sensors for irrigation (agricultural engineering)  All the best luck for you  
I'm glad you're safe My day went very well it's almost 3am now I have to sleep lol 
So yesterday went well. It was an easy day at work, I found out what my bonus was going to be, in general had a pleasant day. And then I played over watch,  and it stopped being pleasant XD   But now it's a new day, I just woke up, and it's Friday so it's pretty much the weekend!  
That's interesting. I attempted to build an autotune from scratch 
No way! You got this! (Of course, you gotta report back after the fact now!) 
I don't understand these stuff My major is a way far from yours  
it went well :D I'm a dummy and didn't go for the kiss though lol rip, I'll get it next time 
Glad it went well!!! First date is the hardest, lol, you're good from here! 
Word for word:   "Hey crush how was your spring break?"  "It was great luke, how was yours?"  "Pretty good. Hey I was wondering if you'd want to hang out sometime? Like not at school but maybe go do something fun?"  "What do you mean?"  "I'm asking you out, do you wanna go on a date sometime?"  Pause, she started blushing  "Yes"  The rest I don't really remember I was too excited 
You sound like my mom whenever I go out with friends lol 
I'm not sure yet, but someone on here suggested the zoo and that sounded perfect 
"Nice shoes. Did your dad buy them?"   Haha, cracked me up thinking of OP saying that.  
I always think long term with this stuff, even if I am only 20. Its just what I want. Thanks for this, hadn't considered it 
Nothing yet. I forgot what happens after you get a yes hahaha 
I do really like this girl, and I'm not gonna try to hide that. I know how to handle myself and not come off as clingy or desperate. 
She actually came up and did the "Hi!" thing to me. I hadn't even noticed this girl until she did that and every day since that day we've talked more and more. It works, you just have to be relaxed about it. I know what it's like to talk to a girl you know very little about yet are completely infatuated with. Stop acting like you're defusing a bomb, and just relax.  
Nice one for the bluntness haha I think its nice not guessing  
Mini golf is good. As long as you don't get easily frustrated that is, mini golf is hard   
That's actually a great idea. Just make sure to check out the weekly forecast and pick a day with nice weather. I don't know where you're from, but we're in the 90s this week. 
I think it's a great idea, because of the implication... 
Sure thing..  Another thing..  Make sure you can fart in front of each other!! You need to have that level of comfort! That was also our first date.. tickle fights and fart contests..  11 years since our first date.  
Oh man! I bet the first step was nerve-racking. Good luck, I really hope it goes well :) 
It's just so... awkward to me to do that. I can't help but feel nervous about walking up and saying hi, I feel like I need an excuse, you know?  I'll definitely just try to relax myself. I don't know how, but I guess I'll try? 
Depends where you know her from. Work or school, talk about work and school. Study together, or talk during a meal break. Small talk doesn't have to be awkward. You can find common interests over time. But make sure you ask her questions she would want to answer, it'll show her you care, because you do care after all. There isn't anything wrong with showing your feelings either. Don't go Ted Mosby and say you love her, but a genuine complement and a little flirting go a long way. 
I tend to stress over these things more than the average person. Asking someone out means a lot to me, more than the average guy at least. 
I'm sorry you got downvoted, no one here understands the importance of nurturing dependence.  
Might actually be a good idea then to see if his crush can handle frustration lol. Good opening test.  
I think Bowling would work well with lunch/dinner. Though mini golf is probably more interactive. Maybe mini-golf as a first date, and bowling and a meal as the second once the ice has been broken.  But I just love bowling so that could be me 
Also: wear sunscreen and take your own lunch or eat somewhere else because geez their food is pricey (usually). 
Thats a ballsy move, not sure if I'll do that first date haha 
Well, that sucks. The good thing is that you have the courage to put yourself out there and see where things go. You will definitely meet someone else you like in the future and I hear it gets a little easier every time you try. 
School, same as you pretty much. I'm just dabbling, trying to find someone good. I did at one point but i fugged that up good  
Same here dude, having low self esteem doesn't help either. Things like this inspire me to try to get back into the game though. Props 
No "tests". Just observe. OP, no tests. I hate shit tests. 
if she rips one, tell her it's ok, it's a human function! 
It's not the asking part that is the hard part.  It only takes 10 seconds to ask.  It's getting her to still like you on the date.  There's 2-4 hours where something can go wrong.  I guess half the battle is won when she said yes.    One time, i went on a date with a vegetarian and she ordered a vegetarian meal but they put meat in it.  I was so fucked.  I didn't know if I should yell at the waiter to defend her or just stay silent.  She was visibly very upset at the moment.  I guess a joke would have helped?  Like wow, i get to eat two meals for dinner!   
That's the thing. If you want to go on a date you got to ask them. If they say no, you move onto the next one.  Can't get stuck on one girl for too long because you'll miss out on opportunities that could be literally in front of you.  And I need to take my own advice here too. 
I've done that too. She was the perfect package and I passed her up for a bitchy cheater with big boobs. But thats all in the past.  Since you know her at school, try inviting her to study or work on homework together. It's a good excuse to have a conversation. And like I said before, don't be afraid to show her how you feel. People like being liked, and if she can guess you like her, it'll help out.  
It's better to shit your pants than die of constipation 
May I remind you that being that forward would totally go against me being quite reserved, but if you don't buy a ticket as they say. Cheers mate, hope it goes all well on your end. 
My husband and I watched a movie in his couch on our first hang out, but we went to dinner and had a proper date as our first date.. mostly because I told him I had never been on an actual date before. He brought flowers and everything. It was amazing. A. Because you can always win me over with good food. B. Because we could TALK. It is so important to get to know who it is you are going on dates with.  
Movie followed by dinner isn't terrible since you have the movie to discuss at dinner. 
However. This person you just took on a first date, now has to sit with you for 2 hours and not say a single word to you until the movies over.  
I just crossed the 2 year mark with my first girlfriend. We started with a movie lmao 
i actually agree, i was just insinuating the prince of whales kinda has a leg up from the start. 
He called her his crush, meaning they've probably got a close enough relationship that they know each other already. Nothing wrong with seeing a movie together 
Trouble makers don't ask permission to be bad. They just do it. 
When you told her about it, how did you pronounce it? I've read the word Doge so many times but never heard it out loud.  
and I'm Soli, I love ice creams, video games, and boobs. 
I'll be that one bloke where the family is sizzlin some snags and I come by  and hav em uninvited. Everybody knows that one bloke 
Even if she isn't - Happy Mother's Day from the US and /u/tatertot255 internet friends :) 
I was thinking the same thing! *sweats* The pressure is on! :) 
We wish you both an amazing mothers day and weekend! :) 
Tell her i said hi too! Actually "Hi tatertot255's mom!"  
Oh, we have someone just like that at our school. Tough drummer guy at first, but when you get to know him he's the nicest guy you will ever meet. 
Husband and I are more into Formula 1 but he does have a Jeep and goes off-roading with our sons, grandson and friends.   If you want to come along - bring your Mom of course - he would love to show you a day of mud, water, rocks and Jeep parts (that fall off) :) That's his favorite thing to do with friends :) 
Oh yeah. All good though mate, I'll throw some extra snags on for you ;) 
That's because most people that have been in NJ only briefly usually pass through the areas near NYC, which are very industrial, swampy and overall ugly.   Not too beautiful today, though... cold and rainy   
I wish it would have snowed. 90 degrees with no a/c is nooo fun. :( 
Oh I didn't either when I made my name. I freaking love cherries. 
Cold and rainy are my favorite types of days!  It's unfortunate that I live in Texas.... 
... I mean, NJ sucks.  "Garden State" my ass.  More like "Garbage State", amiright? 
True!  Denton's lovely, although I haven't been in AGES.  Truth be told, I'd take the West side of the Metroplex over the East any day.  Or at least that used to be true!    I used to live in downtown fort worth, back when it was cool.  (by "cool", I mean "shady as fuck" and not filled with martini bars and overpriced "fusion" restaurants like it is now) :)  Get off my lawn. 
I'm Limbo, I love Silicon Valley, Chicken and women with intelligence. *Don't judge me either*. 
Oh yeah, it's the worst. The worst at everything. The only thing it's good at is being the worst. And everybody looks and talks like the cast of the Jersey Shore. 
I'm Lazer, I love Archer, cheesecake, and women with mohawks.  
I can never decide between 2 3 or 5, they're all too good! I might be a bit of a heathen for this, but BBQ sauce instead of marinara with double cheese and donate meat with pepperoni and mushrooms. Best butt would have to be that Pantera chicken who did the amazing twerking video.  Same questions back at ya! 
It's a nice day today, too. Really beautiful day today 
Season three is my faaaaave. So many classics in that season. YOOO that pizza sounds amazing (minus the mushrooms, which are basically Satan food), so I'm gonna try that next time. I'm a fan of a good cheese or meat lovers myself. And best butt?? Chris Evans in good pants is up there.  
It always brings up our spirits when that happens! :) 
When my wife and I were dating,  I would get the door for her then walk around the car and rip a fart I had been holding.  
That is literally what OP said... Why was it upvoted over 400 times? 
I was thinking more Seinfeld or Curb Your Enthusiasm  
Oh wow - I bought a used car 1 1/2 years ago.  It is a nice car but i never knew why is is all scratched up near the door handle!  I bet it is from the previous owners wedding ring or rings his ex-wife used to wear!  Thank you for solving this mystery for me!  I had my old car for 14 1/2 years and there were no scratches near the door handle at all! 
Heck, it's helped towards me GETTING a girlfriend before. 
When I started dating this one girl, she slammed the crap out of the door when I picked her up for our first date. I did the same thing as OP and pretty much opened the door her every time we got in my car. For two years. *sigh...* 
My car's windows are the same way. I just roll them down as I come to a stop when letting someone out (you know, for air) so that they have nothing to push on.  
I can think of one or two other things that are wrong with society before this.  Use of the word "peeps" is one of them.  
Ah yes, I remember those days. Now that we're married, it's a "you might want to crack your window" followed by giggles. 
No idea. I didn't even notice that it got so many upvotes 
I just like the name Ezra and wish it was mine. My tag though is from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, a fantasticle anime. 
Also keys dangling off of key rings will muck up the paint there too! 
I also usually have very long fingernails with all my rings .... 
/r/frugal would have a fit if they saw these fat cats just throwing silver around like that. 
As am I. Currently have an Impreza and a Forester. Never going back from AWD. 
My husband's grandfather was a High Court Judge. For his entire marriage, nanna would send him to work with a cheese sandwich. We're talking over 40+ years here, and the day after he retired, she asked him what he'd like for lunch. Whatever he answered, she was shocked it wasn't a cheese sandwich.   She asked why not a cheese sandwich? He replied, don't like cheese sandwiches. She asked... but I have made them for you for lunch everyday at work.  He replied, well, you made them for me, so I ate them.   Somethings should be left until that measure of love becomes a rather fuzzy lifelong act of love. It doesn't matter how it starts, it still shows how much one person has love for another... 
He's totally just telling you that to look like a good person, there must be something he's hiding. 
I actually just started watching Gurren Lagann, the name caught me off guard, I watched a movie based off of space pirate captain harlock (70's anime) and the antagonist was named Ezra. That sounds a lot more convoluted typed out, wow 
Yeah. I was driving my mom to work for a while. Now I have all these scratches under the door handle because of her damn nails!  
BMW 3 #1 for gay men? Where the fuck have you grown up man ... That car is like the default business dude car around here.  That said, the Miata was more like the #1 car for male hairdressers back when they launched. Now they're liked by pretty much anyone. 
I have yet to see a lesbian subaru owner. I see sport modded subaru all the time. So....  
I have a Toyota Rav4. I love him, his name is TRav. He has kept me safe for thousands and thousands of kilometres and has recently been gifted a bull bar by the husband. TRav looks like he is wearing knuckle dusters now. But, if not Toyota, I'd have a Subaru, or a Volvo. But Subaru and Toyota are friends. Not like Nissan and Daihatsu, who require being pissed on.  
Yeah, reddit agrees. Delete facebook, lawyer up, and hit the gym. Your marriage is OVER.  
I believe i have watched the same movie. :3 Gurren Lagann is fuckin' amazing. YOUR DRILL WILL BE THE DRILL THAT PIERCES THE HEAVENS!!! 
No, it's just a popular image that someone made for a default Sub and it's spread from there. 
Go to Vermont. *Everyone* there has a Subaru, so there's a very good chance that if you meet a lesbian, she also drives a Subaru.  
the whole point of awd is to be great in the snow. and the rain. and loose dirt or mud. basically all slippery road conditions. i drive a subaru in new england and have never had trouble in any of those conditions. 
Oh.  ..  So this is a safe space where we can talk without worrying about colour :) 
I love it, on Netflix it did something weird though. The first episode was the Japanese dub and every episode past that has been English dub. It's odd 
Well I finally went and looked up some stuff I  Google for myself, I'm guessing the reason I heard those comments about all wheel is because of just how brutal our winters are up here. Seems that the option for the low gear four wheel is something that the all wheel just can't compete with. In all other scenarios except for rugged mud or deep/unplowed snow, all wheel seems preferred.  
Well, we know for sure that a four wheel definitely does better than a two wheel in the snow, so I guess then that four wheel does better than all wheel in snow as well. Especially where I live, where the winters can get pretty harsh and the plows only really get the main roads. It's important to be able to get around.  
Win again! You and all the rest of the people on this thread are why I Fucking love reddit!  
Yup. Color doesn't matter here. People can be any color they want. 
Also, thank you for getting that stuck in my head =) 
It's pretty awesome, but in small amounts. If I get drunk on whiskey, I get stupid angry.  
It is delicious, sorry I didn't mean for the comment to be dickish at all lol, its an inside joke with my friends to point out its not really whiskey after anyone talks about honey jack or evan williams honey cause of an all out argument we had about it back before. But sometimes I forget I'm not talking to my friends lol 
I asked my friend Joe.   I asked my friend Jake.  They said it was fhqwhgads!  
Hahaha that's okay. I don't take offense. I just like whiskey. All kinds. Except Cinnimon flavored. That stuff is gross.  
Yeah, I don't know if they weren't aware or what, it isn't like YouTube has any knowledge of Google /s 
dicks.com goes to dickssportinggoods.com  how long ago was this? 
I mean there is a lot to keep up with,  so I know it can be confusing.  I know people in the tech industry that have trouble keeping up.  
I think there are plenty of like stories, this one just made me laugh 
I work in a bike shop, and was helping a customer track down a replacement part for an old bike rack [for their car] made by Saris.  It took me a little while to realize why a search for "Saris models" resulted in a bunch of pictures of hot Indian women. 
Thats a classic. Thats a prime example of getting all of the possible URLs for something before you go public with it. That guy resisted a long time in giving it to the government IIRC 
Some moms enjoy porn.  Not all moms are prudes.  \#NotAllMoms 
Reminds me of my father. He always blames the companies for making stuff stupid, when in reality it is him who did something stupid with the stuff. 
You spend a lot of time on the facebook, so I know you know a lot about computers.... 
Redbox sounds like a very specialised porn site (I'm assuming shark week porn is a thing). 
Mine did this too, but with hotmale instead of hotmail 
It didn't help that your screensaver was a game of Ms Pacman 
The problem is, if you show them, and they have trouble grasping those things they'll just end up doing more damage in the long run. 
... Who cares if you know what porn is?  Also, in the story, the woman opens with the name RedTube the next day, rather than OP mentioning the name first. 
I WOULD PAY, BUT GOOGLE ISN'T INTERESTED IN THE CANADIAN MARKET. 
So did you Redtube with her that night? If so... Link? 
Yeah with their Racism, Xenophobia, Sexism and ruining out economy and blaming us!   No they are adorable though 
I'm not even mad... that's impressive AF, he knows how to use all of those applications/ devices (albeit not efficiently)  
They had to have known, personally I think it was a way to get back at them. But it was probably not the best decision at all for YouTube 
Red band actually refers to the beginning of the trailer where it says "this preview has been approved  for *blank* audiences". Generally the backgrounds are green, and it says either all audiences or appropriate audiences.  Red band trailers have a red background and say restricted audiences. It doesn't necessarily mean that sexual content is involved, but it usually is. 
I can't help but think your life is full of tremendous highs and catastrophic lows.  I mean, that kind of native optimism cannot be healthy. 
I'd guess it was about 5-6yrs ago. Good to see it's changed now. 
Gotcha. I obviously didn't check it before I commented, but good to know no more of the same mistakes will be made. 
That is actually exactly why I decided not to get into it. I did a couple of years of comp sci and technical engineering, but I decided having a life and spending money on things other that gadgets was what I preferred.  She basically went from barely/never using a computer and using a home phone with a cord to having a laptop, ipad, cell phone in the course of a year or two. So I do understand she has a lot to contend with, and I help her when I can... but like... I just can't be driving 40 min every other day after work to put batteries in her wireless mouse or resetting her preferred online stations.  
Pay for malwarebytes pro and maybe a copy of ESET or another good antivirus. It might seem like a lot but it's not much when you consider the time you save 
Searching milk bags only finds actual milk bags for me 
Magic Actions is awesome! Changing the volume with the scroll wheel is so nice 
For future reference, if you're using the default Google keyboard, it's just a long press on the =. 
You are a programmer, so you probably know how to install pirated windows 10 on this laptop from the 90s. 
Pretty sure red tube is at least 2007-born. Redox is a thing after 2010 I thought 
My screen saver was a playthrough of Leisure Suit Larry. 
I know the last time she somehow ended up getting in the HDMI mode of the t.v. 
Oh I haven't looked into the music.  It's just that I already pay for netflix, spotify, and a few other services. I know everyone wants their own cut but I can't really justify it for YouTube.  If their service is better than spotify I'll consider swapping the two tho. 
Do you like Allo? Because it is probably next on the chopping block. 
lol unfortunately it did not end up being that exciting 
Look on the bright side. Most of them rant way more than they do things. 
Get back at google or get back at redtube???  What did redtube do to google or whh would youtube want to get back at its parent company? 
No no, what sort of self respecting programmer watches smut?!?!?!? 
My biggest thing is my mom not learning. My brother will act all annoyed anytime she asks him how to do something on her phone because it's "so easy."   I know she hasn't grown up with this stuff and it's not as intuitive to her. When she asks me how to do something I patiently show her step by step on how to do it and why to do things that way. Half the time I look up and she's distracted by the TV. The other half I think she gets it. Then next time I see her she asks me how to do something and when I explain it to her she acts like she didn't even know it was possible.   Frustrating.  
If you don't you're not a very good programmer obviously. Why did you even go to college? 
It's not better than Spotify, but I don't find it significantly worse  
Wait do people use Allo? I only use it so the assistant will send me poems three times a day 
But most of them vote. Which wouldn't be a problem, but younger people don't.  So an  easy election victory is to ignore the young, focus on the people who actually vote. 
I think the other poster means get back at RedTube. Not that they did anything wrong, but maybe YouTube feels "well, **we** did the whole ___tube thing FIRST." Like a territorial dispute? 
Definitely not the ones that programmed the websites. /s 
Hahahaha mine (SO's...) is like this too! It's like a child!  It's like those lazy kids who can't tie their shoe laces. They're old enough to do it, they have the motor skills, they have a general idea of what's going on... but they keep suckering you into doing it and don't care to learn when you try to show them. 
Well, ALT_GR is already in use, and we have neither a / nor a = key, they're created themselves by key combinations. 
Assume much, do you? I know how to do it (if the device meets the requirements), I just hate doing it and I am tired of people who expect I will do free service for them. So chill out.  I went to college (well, university of technology) to be a programmer not a tech assistant. And I have put that example because most programmers know the pain. "You work with computers? Oh, then fix that shitty full of malware computer of mine for free because this is what you do, isn't it?" 
yeah, I only use it with the assistant too. for reminders, mostly 
Fair point. My take on this election has been that this needs to be our wake-up call to stop being so jaded - it's not like this generation doesn't have opinions or conviction, but we sure do seem to give up easily when it comes to lots of things. I'm not holding my breath, but I am hopeful. 
Highly unlikely, especially considering google had purchased YouTube long after Redtube came into existence, iirc. They wouldn't logically have any reason to have a grudge.  
I do love me some weird YouTube but sometimes it's like hunting for unicorns. You just gotta let it come to you  
I'm a big fan of grub hub, stub hub, some other hub... 
Will your gaming forum still be open?      *senpai don't kill me* 
Terribly sorry, I'm afraid I represent the new wave of Reddit with our weird clothes and shitty music. :P  I do hope things go back to normal... but from what I understand, especially for /r/IAmA, recovering from this is a pretty herculean task. It seems like they were (to be a little bit unkind) somewhat *too* reliant on a single individual to keep a subreddit of millions running. 
Oh no. How ever will I be able to look at gaming memes and GTA gifs? 
Plz don't leave us ;_;  Seriously though, all this shutting down of subreddits means that its actually *harder* for people to get the relevant information. As a means of protest, I kind of feel like its somewhat self-defeating in some sense, as nobody can see *why* they've shut themselves down. 
Conspiracy theory right there. I like it.  Wait, I mean, I don't like Reddit going dark. 
It was summer vacation. The subreddit was up for a little while before it was again made private in protest. 
Voat was created long before its ISP shut them down, and they got shut down because they use servers based in Germany  
I was thinking about going out today, but I think I'll just stay home and take in all this juicy drama 
I dunno, I've seen shitstorms on Reddit before but they've always been just people complaining about admin actions... This on the other hand? /r/IAmA was one of the key components of the Reddit community as a whole. With that gone, and apparently with the likelihood of it being unable to recover? This feels far more serious than the usual controversies.  
Some rumors say that all reddit employees had to relocate to the Bay Area, and Victoria might not have wanted to move from NYC, which is a possibility. 
I hate to sound discriminatory, but I'd really rather not associate with Channers. xD Redditors at least can have a decent, mature conversation on the odd ocassion :P 
You got banned for being subbed to what subreddit Did they tell you that?  
Basically, it means that only mods and pre-approved members of that subreddit can entire it.  For the default subreddits and other major subreddits, it means that for all intents and purposes the subreddit has been shut down.  
I disagree. I don't think we should seriously consider suggestions from food that discriminates based on race. 
THE MODS DID NOT BETRAY US, REDDIT BETRAYED THE MODS... 
I think that's the whole point. "Make the changes we want, or kiss your user base (and profits) good bye".  Of course, it can backfire - for example, admins can simply fire the current mods, and put newer, more compliant ones. So.. meh. I don't really involve myself with this sort of politics. 
Sounds kind of ridiculous to me as well. Victoria is an employee of a company, who got fired. Which happens all the time at companies. 
well, i feel sympathy for anyone who is suddenly unemployed.  that shit is hard and i don't wish it on anyone for any reason.  but reddit's response?  i don't know what world most of reddit lives in, but people losing their jobs happens all the time in mine  wanna "show solidarity" with her?  pay her rent, car payment, keep her refrigerator stocked with food, generally keep life normal for her kids if she has any, pay her medical bills and help her find work  LOL  human nature being what it is, its much easier to post pics decrying the unfairness of it all 
It's big news. I heard it got mentioned on Finnish prime time news, and there's a BBC article on their website right now.  
Christ all might they're coming in hard and fast aren't they? I'll add them to the list. 
Do we even know why she was fired? Perhaps until we get the details of her termination we should shut up. She could have been fired for something like sexual harassment which would be immediate. 
I'm too young for Reddit to die! I haven't even had my first cakeday yet! 
I don't like this at all, but I'm very impressed at the solidarity of reddit's mods at the same time 
Okay but mods are just regular old reddit users who get a few controls over a subreddit. You can go make one yourself right now  The admins have zero obligation to involve them with their internal staffing affairs. That would be a nightmare for HR  Like or hate the admins, this situation is really dumb.  
Well, I don't know they are the *cause* of the traffic. Redditors as a potential market are the cause of the traffic. 
True. But although all animals are equal, some are more equal than others. 
I have doubts that without her, some subreddits wouldn't function. There's definitely got to be more politics and behind the scenes drama involved. 
Hahaha, I agree. I usually don't look at that subreddit, but there was a gif with an Oculus and a horror game which I wanted to link to someone 
The main thing is that the admins know, its more of a mod-admin protest then a user-mod-admin protest. I don't 100% agree with what they are doing, but I completely understand why they are doing it.  
For starters, it goes against one of our primary rules(don't take things too seriously/partaking in a protest isn't casual). And casual conversation isn't big enough to make a significant impact in the protest. While we are not all contented with how the communications are with mods to admins, it wouldn't be fair to take away a place that has no bearing in the dispute. A fair number of the mods have had subs they mod go private as a form of protest, I myself have had two. Naturally, these subs have more of a claim to the protest then we do.  
Lol this thread wouldn't be complete without a good government conspiracy, in my opinion anyway.  
Yes, and Germany, of all countries, will not be tolerant of things like hate speech and Holocaust denial. 
do you have a different suggestion?  I'm not making claims about moderation, I was just listing similar subreddits to the ones that are set to private.  
Well, theres voat, but that's mostly filled with all the people butthurt over the fph scandal. Not exactly the best of the old reddit community.  
Its not just IAmA. There's askreddit, movies, gaming, art, law, crpapy design, cireclejerk. There's just so much all at the same time.  
I feel like if that was the case there'd be a smoother transition. It's not like relocation happens over night! :0 
4chan is literally reddit without a voting system. As a result you see a fair bit of porn/racism/gore on a regular basis but that doesn't mean its all bad. That stuff exist on reddit its just more hidden. I browse /int/ pretty regularly and its always got some great bants and thoughtful conversation as well as some shit flinging. Give it a go, it might not be nearly as bad as you think 
Well, reddit can't "fire" them in that sense, but they can remove them. The problem is, being a mod is a volunteer position, and modding a default sub is not exactly easy. 
We'll never get those details, though.  I think there's generalized legal fear for both ex-employer and ex-employee or something in a situation like this. 
Reddit *can't* die! I've never gotten gold AND I'm still a virgin! 
Once /r/aww goes quiet, its gonna be all over for Reddit. 
Hahahahaha, yeah. Hey, while we're on the subject of productivity stopping sites, why don't we call Zuckerberg and ask him if he'll get in on this, hahahahahah. 
Yeah this is a new level of angry,  imo, but I'm pretty sure it will blow over. 
Where could one go to ask questions and get answers, hmmmm.... 
It could backfire a bit... They have no idea why Victoria was fired. She could have been diddling orphans or running a conglomerate of puppy mills for all we know. Think of the puppies! 
What am I supposed to do while everything's down? Wash the dishes? Walk the dog? This is preposterous! 
but it killed them with the AMAs they had lineuped. victoria was their go to person, and then no one even told the mods that she was fired, and then they had no way to contact the people who were coming to do the AMAs.  
Hey, aren't you that Warlizard guy who wrote that Warlizard book. 
Assuming the admins can just go out and find a bunch of competent people willing to dedicate huge amounts of their leisure time to a for-profit site at no cost.  I don't know the full story, but it seems like Reddit management has been acting pretty fucky lately. I doubt Reddit's going to collapse wholesale, but if this is a nail in the coffin I wouldn't be surprised. 
Trust me, there's a lot of fighting among the default mods. 
Yeah, occasionally there are interesting posts. But for actual gaming news, /r/games is much better. 
I often look at /r/gaming too, no worries!   As long as I still have this sub, I am happy. This stuff will probably be temporary anyway. 
voat.co is a clone with some of the improvements that reddit should've had for years. But right now, it's getting the hug of death by all the new comers. 
Yeah, true enough. I'm just waiting for the admins to respond. They *cannot* ignore these shenanigans without an explanation, or this website is done for. 
Oh sorry no, I'm not criticizing your list, I'm just.. I dunno, appreciating the irony. Just think of it as the reddit equivalent of an old man rambling. 
My concern as well. When the starting bulk of your community are that borderline vitriolic, it's never a good sign. I wonder if a mass migration might be able to change that though. 
Those subs have temporarily closed to show support for the events in /r/IAMA and the underlying issue: shitty communication between admins and users.  /r/IAMA, however, is the sub that has been hit with permanent effects, since Victoria was the one who handled much of the correspondence in that sub. Also, by removing Victoria with absolutely no warning, several AMAs were left in a state of confusion and it's unclear.  /r/IAMA won't die without Victoria, but it'll certainly be heavily diminished. She facilitated many of the big AMAs and the moderators don't have time for this (Victoria was employed pretty much specifically for that job, whereas the mods are all volunteers). 
Don't be irreplaceable. They can't replace you, they can't promote you.  
Hence the whole point of this. It isn't actually about Victoria being fired -- sometimes you need to fire people, whatever. The problem is that they fired her out of the blue and gave notice to the mods of /r/IAmA or any of the other large, important subs that have AMAs. Basically reddit fired the only link between the mods and the admins, leaving mods to handle a bunch of AMAs without as much as the celebrity's contact info. Part of the reason /r/IAmA is shut down is that it can't even function properly. 
I have given 4chan a "legit shot". Between white suprem- sorry, race realism, rabid right-wing tendecies (try saying "I think there's nothing wrong with multiculturalism"), sexism and GG, I'd say they are not the place I'd recommend anyone without a lot of patience.  .. or if you're white. Although depending on the board and time of day, the definition of "white" differs. 
Well, I don't know. I'm sure plenty of people would jump for a chance to mod a big sub, and increase the size of their e-penis manifold. If the admins want to reopen the subs, they don't need replacement mods that are as good as the old, they just need it running good enough so that most people won't notice. 
Happy cakeday and congratulations! I hope I can reach that ~~before reddit goes down~~ someday. 
Problem with that theory: krispykrackers is an admin and the top mod of AskReddit. If he really wanted to he could've just turned the sub back on already.  I think that shows that they're talking, at least. 
Suddenly the masses won't have adorableness to keep them placated. They'll go feral and soon nobody will be safe 
Also if we actually get Victoria back it will be the greatest accomplishment the Reddit hivemind has ever made and songs will be sung about it for generations. 
What they're doing isn't about Victoria. It's about the horrible lack of communication between the mods and admin of Reddit. 
It's not that simple, they got rid of a AMA liaison which is the only person that can actually verify professionals, celebrities, or has their contact info, without any replacement and a variety of scheduled AMAs for different subs coming up. Who now can't verify or contact anyone. The admins have also dismissing questions from mods for a while now, ignoring the ideas coming out of reddit beta to improve reddit, and their have been complaints about how much the mod toolbox is extremely outdated, to the point there's a third party design to get even semi reasonable tools. The disconnect from the mods and the admins have been boiling for a while now, and now it's starting to pop the lid of the pot. To be frank the admins aren't the ones who make reddit what it is, the mods and their communities are. 
God forbid we get some work done! Where are my meaningless internet points? 
Then I would say that the admins fucked up by not hiring a replacement before firing their employee, and the fallout is their thing to deal with. That's assuming these AMAs really have been lost, and I kinda doubt that. Maybe they will be now that the mods reacted in this way though. That's kinda bad press, I wouldn't want to be associated with that.  Either way I think this is a terrible way to react. Instead of stepping up their game and pooling their resources, they just pouted and decided to mess things up for tons of people who shouldn't have to be affected by any of this.  
They'll hire someone new soon enough, and things will continue on as they always have. It's a big deal for like a week or two 
Currently, we *are* the product. But we should be producing the product. 
If I recall, digg also collapsed spectacularly after some bad decisions from the top.  I guess one difference though is that voat alternative doesn't have the physical capability to handle an exodus.  Too bad for them, I think they missed a big opportunity. 
Was this your evil plan all along? May I join on this crusade to take over Reddit with love and kindness? 
I know, but it doesn't have enough capacity and its a reddit clone which isn't exactly good because it will probably turn out the same as this one. I had something in mind that was a little like a combination of 4chan and reddit. 
Ironically, communication is part of the reason they have gone dark.  
I ramble all the time :)  Although I am not an old man...  To me it's funny that the truly well moderated subreddits are just going about their business. I don't know if that's the irony you're seeing but it is the one I'm seeing! 
Have you been to Voat recently? It's not bad at all; the FPH people stay in their little hate speech corner while everyone continues to use the site normally...pretty much exactly like they used to do on Reddit. The FPH subverse doesn't even show up in the front page of /v/all because they decided to remove themselves from it voluntarily.  Only problem is that the admins have been seriously struggling to keep up with the huge numbers of users coming in and destroying their servers. So you get annoying things like a comment thread only being able to load 4-5 comment threads at a time before you have to manually load the rest.   I hope they fix it soon otherwise this app I've been making will have been for nothing :P 
I WONDER IF SOME RICH GUY IS GONNA BUY ME GOLD BECAUSE IM COMPLAINING ABOUT GUYS GETTING GOLD 
Thank you in advance! You can totally do it. Just talk to everyone about everything most subs and you'll get there. Or like me get lucky a few times with a comment and watch it skyrocket. 
it would be an absolute disaster, he essentially throw more gasoline on the fire and have to find willing moderators for very large default subs which take around 40~, all while dealing with the backlash on the subreddits that were reinstated  
I think the issue is mostly that they gave no notice, which implies that her firing was dramatic and unplanned. 
Idk catching the boston bomber was pretty amazing. /s  
Not true at all. Those types are there, but they're here as well. And everywhere online. I have found the community to be engaging, and mostly intelligent and civil. You should check it out before you say stuff like this.  
Hahaha.  Seriously though SRS can be blamed for many things but I don't think this is one of them. 
That's a very special skill set, so it would be weird to hire someone the same day... As far as why her employment ended, that's probably private regardless of how it happened. She's not a congresswoman.  
yea thats the main gripe, like /r/books had authors going to do an ama, but the mods had no idea how to contact them since victoria was setting it up, and the admins didnt let them know anything about it. seems like they know its not their place to ask why someone was fired, but the admins didnt think ahead and nothing was set up to take on her workload.  
Are we? I feel like the product has gone down a bit, as people have noted. Rather than inciteful discussion, it's more aww and memes. Or echochamber rather than open minds. Facebook had this change too. I think /u/dacvak just mentioned something about in order monetize the site, the idea of reddit has become a one stop shop for entertainment like cheeseburger.com.   For me, the front shop of reddit is that one stop shop for memes or cute pictures. But once you explore some of the back rooms you can find a better quality product. But you'd never put that product in the front shop. Some random kid might break it, it's too valuable for that. Reddit has built more and more backrooms but it's hit some growing pains. 
The only place I would go is /mlp/, but they have so much fucked up shit there. I saw a pony having their genitals mutilated the one time I checked there. 
I assumed you've never been to either /r/History or /r/AskHistorians; I also made further assumptions (yeah yeah, I know) that you (or anyone not familiar with both subs) think the former is the "main" sub and the latter is the "backup" one. The second fiddle, as it were. In reality, AH is the good stuff; H is just worldnews-lite with a historical slant. 
Huh, I'll definitely keep that in mind. I feel like the whole reddit style of design could stand to be updated to more easily navigate the types of content at a glance; hell, just having a thumbnail feed on one side and posts with text and links on another could do wonders. 
I was just thinking that I should participate in the bigger subreddits more often, like /r/AskReddit... ^(oh wait) 
Or how old friends gradually disappear.  Really though, I've been considering cutting Reddit's out of my life along with Facebook just for my own mental soundness.  I feel kind of immature browsing these sites these days.  I'm 28 and have been on this site for 4 years; I don't think Reddit is going down soon, but my time is drawing near. 
Yeah, I mean why she's gone isn't what's important (unless it's that she was fired for no reason, which would be a reason that *is* the entirety of what's important) it's just fishy that no one's made a blog post or meta thread saying "hey yeah so victoria's gone and we know you guys love her but it's not the end of reddit everything's under control and it's gonna be okay" 
If her firing had to do wuth something severe enough that they couldn't risk advance warning, then that's a case where they cannot warn mods  However, I'm sure mods would be more stunned than pissed if that was the only transgression 
Just a guy. Wrote some books. Talked some smack. Made some comments. Got stalked and turned into a meme. 
I stay out of the drama as much as possible. It eats up what little brain power I have left. 
ah, I see!  I do not spend a lot of time in History because it seems really polarized and bias. I love reading AskHistory because it's often incredibly interesting and informative and the discussion usually stays on topic. I just don't contribute much because I'm very much a math person and I'm terrible with these memory type things like history. I just like reading and thinking about it :) 
On Reddit, or the web in general? Like Forthewolfx?  
Purple. 60s. Yes, that .00001 of a second kept us going. If all you purples had saved your presses for single digits, we could have sustained reddit for millennia. 
When they do... You could buy anything you want. I'll probably be able to afford Fruit Stripe Gum 
Wonderful to hear what OP has done with collecting donations of peanut butter.  I agree that doing something you associate with your loved one definitely helps you feel closer to them. My Grandpa loved family gatherings like summer bbqs and was adamant that we not have a funeral for him. Instead we had one last family camp out and BBQ before spreading his ashes.  We also spent the evening teaching my SIL how to roast hot dogs and make s'mores over the fire because she'd never done it before. Since Grandpa was the one that taught most of us how to roast hot dogs and marshmallows over the camp fire in the first place I know that he would've approved.   
Yep. You can pretty much live off of peanut butter. Lots of everything you need, especially in a starvation situation. 
I thought about it, but decided that would seem too forward. 
Could be :) I'll run it by my mom. Thanks for your condolences. 
My dad was buried with one too haha also a spoon. Thanks for your support :) 
I hope you get something truly delicious and wonderful to eat tomorrow that makes you happy.  
Came to say exactly all of this. OP, your grandpa had really awesome taste! There really is no better peanut butter. I think opening a new jar of it and taking the first scoop might be one of the best feelings ever (yes I love PP PB that much). Sounds like your grandpa's greatness attracts other great people, what a fun legacy to leave behind :) 
Well, on the original post, yes. But, it's been long enough. I don't believe you're here "begging" for more....If, I were you, just add an edit...saying..."A fellow redditor, suggested that I add an address, in case anyone random internet stranger felt the desire to send a jar of Peter Pan peanut butter." 
Peanut butter is really shelf stable, can safely be thrown in a backpack, and doesn't have to be refrigerated. It's high in protein, tastes good, and provides a great burst of calories (plus a rush of sugar is often sought after by people trying to get clean from street drugs). Peanut butter is also pretty safe for the older folks who have dental issues and lack the money needed for dentures or surgeries. 
Is Peter Pan a regional brand? I feel like I've missed out my whole life now  
Hey, guys? Peter Pan Freshly Ground Peanut Butter is a few bucks and ships free with Amazon Prime. 
Thanks. I don't do Prime...so, guess I need to order $75, for free shipping. 
No experience is more like it. A Tarot card reader is wayy over the top.  
Maybe the tarot actually said "you will have a baby with a man whom you should not be with", in which case it would have been incredibly accurate though completely not what she expected 
When I tell people my family is crazy everyone tells me "ahah, yeah, we all have crazy families".    
Yes, that's sad. I'm sorry your mom gave you a hard time. And congratulations on putting yourself trough college. I'm 29 and I quit college in my last year, years ago.  
Yeah, it really pissed me off too, being a total skeptic. 
Always glad to at least make people happier with their family. 
Believe me, they've already given us both plenty of complexes. 
No, no, my sister is blonde, skinny and cute.   Her only problem is her shitty family.  Not super religious. My mother believes in something undefined while my dad is into all that pagan, esoteric stuff. 
Yeah. Well, in Portugal people in general take things a bit more serious. We don't really have the concept of "dating" here.  
Oh, it does. Thank you. My mom told me just yesterday that God basically gave her money to buy cigarettes, so... 
Well, in our family we are used to the weirdness. She just kind of conforms to it, while I get pissed off all the time. 
I think she'll do fine. We've been dealing with this sort of craziness our whole lives. 
Well, I can't say you're wrong. Just less wordy than "this guy she had been seeing for a month". 
I get that all the time.  I just had this stupid argument with my Dad where he was going through some fox news rant about the medical profession, and insisted I had been on ritalin as a kid, which gave me a funny eye twitch, when I distinctly remember my mom *rejecting* ritalin and putting me on some weird, no-artificial-colors-or-preservatives diet.  The eye twitch was just from my being a jumpy kid who was nervous about everything.  And my mom, when she was alive, was a wild-eyed, unquestioning Rush Limbaugh disciple.  I don't know where the hell I learned any critical thinking skills, because it wasn't from anyone in my family. 
Doesn't mean they wouldn't marry and stuff. I mean, I guess they didn't.  
Not really a small town. Suburbs of Lisbon. Small minds, though. 
She isn't, actually. She has actually become pretty mature in recent years.  
Me and her are both weird in our ways, though. How could we not? 
I often say my parents shouldn't have had children. We're really not the sanest. 
Too be honest, I thought her boyfriend was an asshole from the beggining.    
I don't know. He believes that kind of stuff. Always worried about spells and demons and shit. 
I have been in the same relationship for 10 years. They had no chance to.  
Is that right? Because everytime I hear a Tarot story around here (Portugal) there's always related to someone putting a spell on you. 
I don't think so. I think they just don't know how to deal with her being sad about it.  
He's serious. He has exorcized his house once or twice. 
I understand your bias, but it isn't made up. I'd have nothing to gain from it other than imaginary points. 
Well, I think. I wish I could spend more time with her and be more of an influence.  
Oh man, sure. They gave me terrible advice all the time. I had insomnia since I was little and I'd be scared of sounds and shit. They'd tell me it was demons out to get me because we had too many religious books in the house (we were Jehova Witnesses at the time). 
She's bummed out about the guy because she liked him. But it will pass. It's normal! That's the thing. It's normal life.  
Oh, so that's why I hear that bass groove every morning when I wake up. 
Apparently around here it's more of a mix of different things. I believe their only goal is to get money from people, anyway. 
Nah, she's attractive. And It wasn't the first one. 
That's really bad parenting. I'm glad you're doing great :) 
Yeah, well. They got married around her age. Divorced 20 years later. My father re-married almost immediately. My mother never had anyone else.   It's still lack of common sense.  
The kind that wants you to come back for advice on how to improve. Occasionally it's the kind who will hold your cursed money for you too. 
They probably don't want to say, "Well, that's undoubtedly weirdest reaction I've ever heard of..." 
Thanks!  Why'd you quit?  Have you ever thought of going back?  I took one semester in 1994 and then didn't go back until 2002 and they let me keep the credits from before. 
My parents got married at 19/20.  My mother seems to believe that you do whatever your husband tells you to and that your job is to be wife.  Which is pretty odd since her mother worked (as a nurse in the Red Cross).  Also, my parents aren't typically conservative or religious or anything.  My father has never told her to obey him or anything.  It's just the way she is. 
A couple of semesters I managed to take classes full time in the day and go to work at night.  The rest of the time, I worked during the day and then took classes at night.  The worst part of it isn't that you're so busy, it's that you never really get to experience going to college.  You don't really get to make friends.  You go to class and go to work.  No time to socialize, attend games, or do anything extracurricular.  A gap in your schedule between classes?  Gotta study because you have to work at night/all weekend.  No time for anything but work and school.   
Generic, white American with no cultural/religious/or ethnic upbringing at all. 
I can see that.  But, my college degree took me 6 hard years of working and taking classes.  My marriage, on the other hand, came about from the pleasant experience of dating my husband.  Both are valuable to me.  My college experience was a long time dream for me as I had graduated 3rd in my class in high school, but without any help from my parents, I didn't know how to get into school and pay for it until I was much older.  I worked hard and graduated summa cum laude from college.  My marriage came about naturally without a lot of hard work.  While I value both, I am more proud of having done well in school than I am of having landed a good husband. 
There is nothing to be skeptical about... it's complete baloney.  
Eh, ignore that shit. I'm sure your super awesome in your own ways and don't need that kinda crap.  
Everyone feels like they are the 'love of your life' for the first month. It's chemical.  
that is so weird then and seems like they do suck. I am sorry that they are giving her such a hard time. you are a good brother. Tell her she has nothing to worry about and she should travel and live her own life on her own terms and no one needs to live up to someone else's expectations especially their parents.  
Ah, I missed the country difference. Man, that sounds like a recipe for a lot of unhappy marriages.  
Oh I got another good one for you! My mom once lost $100 and INSISTED a ghost took it.   We never did find that $100. SPOOOKY!! 
Well, she needs to know that yes, her parents might presumably want the best for her, but at 22, they don't really have any control over her. They can offer advice, sure, but they can't control her actions.  Nothing wrong with her listening to their suggestions, but she needs to make her own decisions now. 
My mom got sucked into conservationism as well.  She went from life long old south democrat (Bill Clinton supporter) to facebook spamming republican.  Ewe. 
That's good to know, it would be really concerning if she fell for that stuff. 
Yeah, that's most likely the case, and I am sorry to hear that. What I was trying to say is that, regardless, the actual issue here is your parents' approach to the matter. 
If your sister is still living at home she should leave home.  
Oh, that's interesting.  It must be different in different places. 
That's insane, my condolences. Glad she's got a reasonable person around to help her cope in a healthy way. 
Woah, Jehovah's Witness to Paganism?    Oddly enough, my brother-in-law did the same transition.   
that's a totally normal reaction. does she see how crazy your parents are being? 
All they needed to do was pre-arrange the reader to give her good advice and slip her an extra $20. 
The kind that should have the book thrown at them. 
Oh, no, I haven't told them this particular story.  The ones who have met my family in person instantly understand what I mean. 
I'm sorry. It sucks to have a family like that, it's understandable that your father was left with some stuff to overcome. 
Wow. Well, that's at least entertaining right? Unless she really is unstable. 
I was going trough a rough path in my life. I had great grades but stopped going to classes. Then my scholarship ended and I had no money to stay enrolled. 
Your grandmother sounds awesome :-)  Yeah, some women seem to really enjoy being subservient!  And that's great, if you marry the right guy, I guess.  I've found that 8 years in I kind of like playing the dutiful wife part, having dinner ready when he gets home, etc.  But that's only because it's my idea and he still seems really surprised and grateful EVERY SINGLE DAY.  If he ever ordered me to have dinner ready I'd tell him to go fuck himself :)  (Also, for what it's worth, I got married at 27). 
In this context, yes, it is complete baloney. I think using it as a way to think about and analyze what is going on with your life is ok... you project your actual life onto what you see in the cards. As long as you don't take it as an actual predictor of your future and start making life decisions based on some cockamamie prediction you saw there, believing it's some divine intervention, it's probably ok. I have a deck and used to do it, and I think it helped give me a little different perspective... to look at all the players in my life, and sort of analyze situations. Never did I take it as truth or anything. You're the one with the brain. The cards are just there. 
Yes, thanks. I try my best :) Seems like you would be a good sibling/parent as well. 
It's not really the same thing, is it? American "dating" is much more casual. 
I do get it off my chest. My parents are costing me a fortune in therapy. 
My mother was always a conservative.  She was a 20+yr National Guard veteran and she also spent 20+yrs as a law enforcement officer.  She has always been somewhat bigoted and judging, but I remember her able to construct legitimate arguments and to somewhat reasonably explain why she felt the way she did.  Now, it seems that her ability to reason and use logic have completely disappeared.  She has become a hate filled "Christian" who judges everyone who is different from her.   
She really should. In Portugal it's hard for people her age to do so, though.  
I don't think they consider themselves anything. People around here just believe random supernatural stuff. 
Not going to fly.   These fortune tellers can make big bank off of people with that curse removal shit.  They've been know to take people for thousands of dollars or more.   It's crazy.   
She did. I always try to make it all make sense and then hope it sinks in. Basically, I'm not as present as I'd like to be, but so far, she's still the least crazy person in my family.   I also scolded my mother about her views on the subject. To my father, eh, his beliefs are a more touchy subject. 
No offense, but I would **not** like to meet your parents. On the other hand, if you ever need to talk about how crazy they are, I will lend a sympathetic ear. 
Oh. I forgot the homeless uncle with a gambling problem who expected my dad to pay for everything for him.   On the plus side my mom's side is incredible! I (naturally) saw them more anyway. I did see my dad's side a little bit growing up, but it got harder as we grew as they were all being arrested or put into hospitals. The worst part is I feel bad for my father, and definitely appreciate everything he was for us and how he managed to stay positive for so long.  
Look into how much Pell Grant you have left. Might be able to finish some courses at a community college, then finish elsewhere. 
I like doing a lot of the traditional wife roles too.  I'm currently a stay at home mom, so I have his dinner ready each night.  But every night he says, "Thank you for making dinner."  (Although I also don't let him cook, because he's pretty terrible at it :) ) 
Yeah, I use it to imagine possibilities that I might not have considered. It's also a very interesting way to create motivations for characters because the cards represent a plethora of human emotion and thought. 
I hear ya. I know they just want to help, but the lack of rational thinking and empathy just surprises me sometimes. 
well your best is great=)  Thank you! I really appreciate it man =D  
Ah, Portugal, Spain's forgotten sister country. Where no one, not even in Spain, knows what the fuck is inside Portugal except they know they are as supersticious and zealoty as the Spanish culture.  Good times. 
isn't the definition of common sense that it's, well, common? If it's uncommon then it doesn't really count anymore as "common". 
O_O the mantis shrimp is a thing of glory. I can't draw a thing now cause my mum just made me turn off the lights (its 1am), but maybe I'll surprise you when i wake up morning. 
Well, make sure to keep reminding him of that and of how much he means to you :) 
Or student loans. One year of loans won't put you in too much debt if your degree is good. Or you are happy where you are and don't want to go back, which is also fine. 
Ooh, now I had not thought about using it for writing... there is an interesting idea. 
I just listened, asked questions, laid out the cards, and gave them the best advice I could. I used the cards like story prompts.  People used to come for a reading all the time to try to *prove* that the cards were bullshit, then talk themselves into believing.   
Don't think so.  Pretty sure it's about sense with common problems and situations.  I think the part about what's common is misunderstood, which allows for the joke "common sense isn't very common" to actually make sense.  It means a surprisingly large percentage of people don't have good sensibilities about day-to-day stuff. 
I don't think a fortune teller can be charged with fraud. 
Depends on the receiving school - some have 10-year limits, others don't. 
It's slippery slope.  Several have been charged in the past, the most famous probably being Rose Marks. 
Few know this, but their cyborg tech is hidden under the soft flaps of their furry bellies.   proceed with caution.   these cyborg creatures counterattack most viciously when security is breached.   good night and good luck. 
I was going for a road sweeper shaking its broom at the ploopy eagle. But i know not what north korean roadsweepers looked like, and the stick figure was too small. @_@   Son i am not, daughter i am.  
Yeah... Stay in stand-up too long and your legs get tired. 
Yep....he's also a producer and has sold several million records.   If that is a 'nobody' then sign me the fuck up. I will count my money on a beach in my underwear while reddit makes fun of me.  
Deductive...what? What is this deductive you speak of? 
Do you know what the criteria is? - just curious.  Because a "real" tarot card reading has no guarantee of being a positive one. You can make it sound positive - which many real tarot card readers do by hiding the meaning behind abstract concepts - but it is indeed possible to get a tarot card reading that says you're doomed, you're going to have financial trouble for the rest of your life, your love life has gone down the drain, and in the future, you'll be "looking for answers in the wrong places" (that was a mixture of different types of reading techniques, but you get the point).  If they go by the book, then you got what you paid for, and then it's not fraud, right? 
Road sweeper that's a witch?   And sorry about that. Saying "you've got skills daughter" doesn't have quite the same ring to it though. Actually sounds a bit creepy.    
What you're talking about here, where you go to a tarot reader, they read the cards, you pay and you leave, people don't get in trouble for that.  It may or may not be a smart use of your money, but they've provided a service, and delivered.  The ones who are charged with fraud will use scare tactics to draw more and more money from you.  They'll tell you they see a cursed aura around you, and that you're money is dirty.  They offer to clean the money ("we'll give it back to you, of course"), and then you just never see the money again.  They might not even hang out their shingle as "tarot readers" exclusively, but as fortune tellers, psychics, and the like.  The card reader OP's sister went to told them "she has all sorts of spells on her and basically she's doomed and shit."  That makes me think this is the start of something unsavory.  
But then they wouldn't 'work' according to lore. They have to be a gift. 
Not to mention the girl knew his ex so she was probably her friend he tried asking out. Hmmmm 
Yeah, makes sense. I don't reckon it was the smartest thing I did - it certainly was a rebound, but I figured I'm never going to see her again and just asked.   It is me time now - getting back to working out, playing Zelda on my Switch, and work! 
I do think I'm acting like I've moved on more than I have - but ever since I found out my ex has moved on too I figured it's pointless for me to keep thinking about what was.  
Thanks man! And I'm sure you'll do fine - no first time is easy, but you've got this.  I'm actually pretty terrible at driving - I live in a country with great public transport and never really had to learn when I was younger, but as a 22 year old who is a bad driver, I regret not working on it sooner.  
I'm likely never to meet her again - she lives in Paris and I live a couple of hours away. I had asked her if I could ask her on a date when I'm in Paris next week for work.  But we did spend the rest of the evening hanging out and it wasn't terribly awkward - so not the best, but not the worst. 
It sometimes feels like an ego thing - like should I move on because she has too? I don't even know if I want to date now, but I want to entertain the idea that I still can date. 
True, I think I'll just play it easy - but it does feel nice knowing if I want to, I can get out there again. :) 
Thanks - that's awesome to know! I figured I won't get to see the girl again and if I was going to try some time, I might as well now. It was only afterwards I felt like I'm getting over my old relationship.  
I sometimes wonder if I would have moved on if she hasn't - but I feel this is for the best. I don't really want to get back into a relationship right away, but I do want to know that I can! 
Pretty much the same happened to me, minus the catching up with the friend. Cheers to you mate! 
Not a friend, but an acquaintance - but you're right, in hindsight, it probably wasn't the best person to ask. 
It's been almost 2 years for me but at this point I think I'm just too lazy 
So after 6 years together, you guys break up, and she is getting together with someone else after 3 weeks? It seems to me that she might have been thinking about it for a while or even feeling closer to someone else while you were together. In any case, 3 weeks after 6 years is almost nothing. I would say take your time and learn first how to be alone and comfortable with yourself. Don't stress too much what other people are doing. Otherwise, you'll hook up with someone out of loneliness, rather than actually enjoying them. 
You're gonna be just fine dude. I was with my high school sweetheart for 10 years! Felt like the world was ending when that was over. Now it's been 5 years and I'm married to someone fantastic who is also much better for me.  The doing you part is important because you want to attract people who are into you for who you are-- and getting in touch with your interests and having a hobby is a great way to cultivate that. 
I think I tried dating just to take my mind off my ex, and it was helful during a particularly rough weekend. This was a helpful reply because I might go on a second date with this girl, but I really have no intention of doing anything romantic or sexual in the future.  I just want to spend some time with a new person and I feel like an asshole for not telling her my situation. 
There's always a first time for everything, as everyone else has said! Well at least you've got your license now, better late than never. Living in a country with a great public transport service sounds nice and cost-friendly since you can save up on spending on gas. 
Aw, thanks for the uplifting motivation! I'll try to put this in my mind while taking it so I can cool myself out. Though I can't really do much for the asshole drivers that's quite everywhere in my country... 
Our countries might be different in terms of the process of taking a license, but for me this is my third lesson.  The first one was sort of like a conference you have to sit through and listen on the basics and road safety. Once done with that, the second step is to take a test where you have to answer some questions. I failed this one a lot and had only passed it recently which was *so satisfying*. And now here I am on my third, holding the wheel for the first time! 
I did have this one hung up on my mind, just hoping that I get a good and friendly instructor. Thanks by the way! 
Okay, thanks for the answer! I guess it's better that way, as in your circle of friends there isn't an awkward node, and I'm really proud of you for actually biting the bullet and doing it, as there's never really much of a sweet spot. It's just "Oh, I don't really know her, she won't say yes", and "I don't want to ruin a friendship".  But like I said, super great job for actually pushing though and doing it, regardless of the result. 
If you're not sure then just take a little more time to figure it out, but don't gauge whether or not you should have moved on just cause she has. 3 weeks isn't all that long compared to how long yall dated and on top of that you're young, you've got plenty of time to figure things out 
Yea I felt like shit after my break up a month ago. Thought I'd never stop being depressed. But then I went out and met up with people to hike and just enjoyed people sans relationship portion and i realized, the world is a big and fun place with many different people. it's almost ridiculous to mope around about one person out of the billions.  
Hey maybe she will tell her and make your ex feel some shit! 
Almost 2 years for me as well man. Still finding it tough. But main thing for me now is to focus on myself and career..   Sadly have 0% care for myself. No idea where to start. Gyms are a little too... Scary?   But yeah, relationships suck yo. 
Honestly the first 3 weeks for me didn't matter, that shit started to haunt me about a year later. I've moved on and have an amazing girlfriend, but sometimes she still shows up in my dreams and it's been over 3 years. 
That's actually how the last one happened. I was doing my thing and she just jumped into my life brightening everything. I can confidently say I was on the receiving end of the pick up game. 
Yeah, the idea of her with someone else hasn't been great. I know she has been single and can do what she wants, but man, it isn't fun... 
Yeah I reeeeeally struggle not being honest with people (to the point of being too honest) but if you're not leading her on I wouldn't worry too much. Like, you don't need to say "Hey by the way this isn't going anywhere" but I'd be sure to mention you're just casually dating or something like that.    I tend to be overly optimistic when I date, so sometimes I would go out with someone and then be bummed they weren't interested before realizing that really I wasn't interested either. I found it nice to sometimes just talk to people online and not go out with them also, because then I wouldn't get the feeling of being rejected. I felt like a bit of an asshole about that also but I'd be fairly upfront about it (or I'd start talking to people when I was out of town so they knew I didn't even live there).  
Congratulations on passing and good luck on the roads.  I'm from the UK where you need to pass a theory test which covers signs and road markings before you can take a practical test which is just driving a set route with an examiner.  Passed the theory but now practicing for my practical test. :) 
I'm not sure if you're just going along with it or if I have confused you.  The thing about the Netherlands is a joke. Of course you won't get a license without passing the test - all license plates in the Netherlands are yellow.  I edited my previous post a bit to hopefully make it more obvious that I'm joking... 
Set a date and do it. Ask her Friday. That way you have time to plan out what you'll say, where you'll invite her to, etc. and worse case scenario she says no, but you won't wonder if you should have. How will you feel if someone else asks her out? You'll wished you asked then.  
Maybe he wasn't looking for a relationship with this new girl 
I, too, do not like gyms. Do you have those outdoor exercise areas in your community? Its typically some benches/balance beams, pull-up bars and such.   I like to use those because they're usually not full of staring people and bonus, they're outside in the nice fresh air.   Just my two cents! 
A year? Gtfo it and move on. No one has time for that 
I was in the exact same shoes a year and a half ago man. After 6 years my ex moved on very quickly to the next few guys. Knowing that tore me up, but man I know everyone says this to you and I know you're tired of hearing it, but it gets better. I go full days without even thinking about her even a little. You're gonna do great buddy.  
I didn't check the link...so yeah I thought you were serious. Either way, that was dumb of me :v 
Agreed. Just take the shot. Even if it leads to rejection you will know that you tried, instead of regretting this many years from now.  
I hate gyms as well but, I do kickboxing where yes, you are there with other people but, you just stand in front of a bag while the instructor tells you what to do. Found that a lot easier than going to the gym.  
Yeah jeez how long do people think life is? We're lucky if we get 30,000 days on this earth.  If you're ready to date other people, do it. If not, don't. It doesn't matter if it's been 10 months or 10 minutes. 
So much this, especially the getting better part. Ex broke it off after a year together because she was tired of overgiving without even sitting down and talking about the problems, and found some new people and probably is gonna end up with the guy whose extra attention started the end for us. Hurts to even think of them together, and I have to see them together since we work at the same office. And all people say is that it gets better with time... 
Don't worry. I should have made it clearer. It's my fault :D 
I wished I seen this sooner. Did you ask? How'd it go? If not, wait until the shift is over so if it doesn't go well you don't still have an awkward interaction the rest of the night.  
Thank you, brother/sister. I have been cursed by Broki and old age. Broki has cursed upon me injury that leaves me away from the Iron Temple for almost 3 fortnight.  Soon, with the All Spotters blessing, I will be back praying in the most Holy of 5x5 devotions.   As it was written, so shall it happen for the All Spotter does not rack weights we cannot lift.  Wheymen. 
Excuse me mister, you dropped a t.  /r/bodyweightfitness/ 
It's better than doing nothing and if it starts you on a regular program that spans more than one day a week all the better. 
It's important to give yourself time to recover from a breakup, learn from it, and let that new knowledge set in. That process creates maturity and helps to start and maintain better future relationships.    Of course recovery periods depend on the situation/ person and can take 10 minutes, but it's much likelier to take longer. 
Being single is great is so many ways, and you can still have sex of course but wait until your ready for the commitment and time it takes to have a healthy full time relationship. Everybody has a different situation but taking some time to treat yourself good after a split is way better than jumping right back into a relationship because a real one is a lot of work and exhausting. Take a break! 
Nah yer good haha. And I didn't ask her out, but she didn't have any tables so she sat with me and we chatted for a good half hour. So I found out more about her, and now I'm a bit more confident in asking next time. :) 
Wheymen, I wish you a journey back to full health and happiness brother/sister.  Sometimes Broseiden pushes us backwards so we may remake our gains. Truly you are blessed. 
THIS.    "Motivation gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." You're not going to feel motivated everyday. But once you get in a routine you start holding yourself accountable. Sometimes the hardest part is getting to the gym, or starting that first exercise. But once you actually get the workout started, it's a piece of cake.   After the workout you'll feel really proud of yourself too, for sticking it out. 
Next time that happens get her to laughing and show her you're fun to be around. When she's relaxed, ask her, but frame it as "I'm going whether you go or not" but don't use those words. haha That way it doesn't feel like your evening plans are contingent on her. "I'm going to X Saturday night. Would you like to come with me?" She'll get the implication and it won't be awkward. You got this.  
When a joke get a political response.  Not saying you're wrong (I think you're right)  Just, chill man, not everything have to be about something 
I didn't even think of that. Thanks for all the advice :) 
You can't forget eyebrow raises. Arguably the most communicative gesture we do. 
Just cuz I'm explainin' stuff doesn't mean I'm mad bro. Just givin' peeps the low down. 
You got this. I have faith. I'll await an update. :-) 
Haha I love them too! I'm most likely gonna get to meet them, and I'm so excited for it! I'm not that great, and it's my first time playing in front of such a big crowd, so I hope I don't mess up ! :p 
No, not one bit! My family was generally very supportive of my dreams, it's just that financial problems held me back more than anything. Before my grandfather passed, he always told me that as long as I'm doing good in classes and behaving in school, he'd buy me whatever I wanted. I've never taken advantage of it, but it was always nice to know that even though we were a middle class family, he'd look out for me regardless. 
Haha thanks for the tips man, I kinda figured half that stuff out though :p The crowd is an under 18 crowd, and they only enjoy very coherent music, so my set's pretty precise when it comes down to it ; progressive house, big room, and a bit of future bass / house. 
Hahaha that first line was hilarious  And thank you, I'm only 16 and these types of events happen every so often and I was luckily chosen to open up for them, so although it's not such a big opportunity, it's a huge step in the right path :) 
It'a never too late to chase your dreams, just call it a hobby and roll with it! And thank you haha , im so excited for tonight ! 
Yea, they're great ! What work did they do for LoL? 
Aw! You showed him :) Fuckin' grandpa, always being such a sarcastic samuel.  
Haha thank you! DJing is definitely an expensive hobby and you have to be really sure that you want to do exactly that in the future, or else that's a lot of money down the drain.  Used equipment / second hand / etc is great, but you have to be careful where you buy it from. Lol but thank you again :) 
Yea, getting the ball rolling in the crowd is definitely not the easiest task. Lots of things can go wrong, and the people that say that are generally the people that I don't like to associate with, hahaha.  But more importantly, springs for legs. I can sit on a wheelchair and still DJ and shake headliners' hands, but if I have hand-chainsaws, then I can't shake any hands and I ruin every piece of equipment I touch! 
Haha man, thank you so much for that. It's a very small accomplishment tonight, but it's a foot in the door for my DJ career. 
4* and like I said, I'm opening for them at an Under 18 event, so the promoters couldn't hire any adult openers, because that would kind of defeat the purpose. 
Haha yes! Them mocking me just made me want to be a huge DJ so I can show them what I'm made of! :p 
Thank you man! Never give up on that dream, no matter how hard it seems, just keep trying and pushing and getting yourself out there. I'll try to keep my ear out for it, but get ready for new music! I'll ask them a few more questions about it and I'll update the whole post tomorrow, I promise!  
Thank you man! The first thing I can tell you is to just get your name out there! Make a few different 30 minute mixes, different genres, songs, etc. Then email a bunch of clubs, promoters, facebook pages for events, and ask if theyre looking for opening DJs. Don't send them that mix unless they ask, and personalize your email so it doesn't sound robotic and stuff. Most importantly though, have fun with it! 
Haha seriously ! I'm trying to reply to all of the comments but this hit the front page on my reddit at least, and I can't believe it haha 
Hahahaha! That comment had me rolling in laughter for a good few minutes. I love that man, that's hilarious :p   Guess it's DeanTheDJ - 1 / Dada Life - 0 for now, huh? Haha 
Well, that's your opinion and I can't bash you for disagreeing with mine, but to me this is a huge step in the right direction for what I want to do in the future. 
Haha that would be great, but I can't play any Dada Life tracks in my set, their manager would put a damn hit on me lol 
Thank you :) I'm sure she didn't mean it in a rude way, though, but it still stuck with me for a while. 
That's awesome! I think you should just do you regardless of what your parents say. Mind sharing some of your work? :) 
Check my post edit, I just edited answering a few questions :) 
No way! Haha which one man? :p  Edit : Wow, I'm dumb. Haha I loved that preview man! I used to listen to it on repeat for a few days after it came out, trying to picture how the whole song would go. Seriously dude, that's some good stuff !  
Haha yea, me and the promoter that booked me are really chilled out now so I look forward to the future :) 
Thank you! EDM production is such a hard task to get started with, but once you know what you're doing (which takes forever to learn), it's pretty much smooth sailing, while you gradually learn more and more things to advance your music. Head on over to /r/EdmProduction and you can ask some questions about the stuff :)  If you'd like to begin producing, a well known software that will probably never go obsolete is FL Studio. If you have any questions, feel free to PM me :p 
When I was 12, prior to wanting to become a DJ, I went to Israel where I first started hanging out with my cousin more and generally becoming close with him. He was a DJ at the time, and I used to play around on his turntables and have fun with it, though I was just horrible haha. When I returned to the US, I developed a love for music and DJing, and at that point is when I started getting more intimate with music, both in DJing and production. My advice is to just keep going at it, learn your turntables in and out, look up different routines and techniques, look up your turntable model on youtube and add "mix" to the end, and you'll generally find live mixes with people, and watch what they do and how they do it, and try to mimic that at first, but slowly after time, you'll develop your own style. Most of all, just have fun with it! It's music man, don't take it TOO seriously :P 
Thanks man! Everything went so well, I'll be posting an update tomorrow! 
Thank you so much! I appreciate it, and I loved doing the set :) 
Haha good luck being a writer man, I hope to see DJArctic's novel coming out soon :p  At the venue I used the club's CDJ2000s with their DJM 400 mixer, I believe. There was an amazing sound system, and that's all that matters haha, it sounded great in the booth and in the crowd. 
Don't let it get to your head. At the end of the day, you're the most important thing in your life. Never take someone's opinion to heart that you didn't ask for. If you need anything or wanna talk in general, feel free to pm me :)  
Thank you :) I'm pretty nervous as well as excited, so I need all the luck I can get hahaha. 
You're doing god's work, son.  Compensating your work now. 
Haha it will and I'm so excited! I remember listening to Dada Life and thinking to myself, "holy crap I wish I could be like them one day" when I was like 14, and I guess this more or less gets pretty close :p 
You mean you finished listening to one of their songs? Which one? And thanks ! :) 
It's never too late to try again! Get yourself out there, grab life by the balls, and say "HEY, FUCKFACE, IM YOUR UMF 2016 HEADLINER." 
Never be scared to do it! Go to your local music shop and look around. Turntables don't cost that much. I use controllers, but a decent pair of turntables plus a mixer will set you back maybe $300 / $400. Look into it, keep looking, keep looking, and keep looking ! Look for used equipment, old donation equipment, etc. Don't get discouraged from trying out something you know you'd love because of money issues, man! 
Someone downvoted, but I upvoted you back to neutral state. Your opinion is your opinion man. If I do what I love, what's it to you? 
Well, I had actual friends celebrate with me when we were all at the party, but I decided telling the internet would be cool too. But hey, fuck me right? 
When I played big gigs, my teacher (I played piano in front of 100-200 people) at the time told me, 'if you ever mess up, just keep going. If you freeze, start from where you know. Only you will know you messed up.'   Saved me numerous times, I got embarrassed the first time cause I definitely knew my teacher knew but I actually won that competition, and nobody BUT my teacher knew I messed up, and it was a pretty big mess up lol. I got lost in a song and started from the beginning of the song.  But you'll do well, add contingency. If power fails, there's really nothing you can do about that lol  
That's awesome! I always wished I could've pursued a career in documentary film making but felt my parents invested waaaaaay too much in private education to jeopardize it in such a niche field. Maybe I'll get to pursue it one day! 
BPM is a big one. If the opener plays a ton of high energy music that the crowd loves and the BPM is faster than what the headliner plays, then it can very easily make it feel like the opener had a more exciting set and that's not something anyone wants to happen in their show. 
I didn't give up the dream entirety, I just found something I was more interested in. I'll always be ready to run sound or play or a few sets, it is just no longer my main goal :)  
The latest ultimate skin, DJ Sona, has 3 soundtracks, and each track is a collaboration of 2 electronic artists/groups. They worked on one of them 
Thanks man!  But why shouldn't I send them that mix unless they ask? I'd think they'd like some kind of reference on how good you are. 
Well your seem to be doing a good job,  wasn't expecting a reply!  :) 
Their set was epic, but the whole venue was a bit to cramped for my liking  
Thanks. I'm glad that I've improved your mood. Have a great performance. 
Thank you for the response! :D You can check my submitted stuff on my page. Sadly I still didn't get the pics from the shoot yet. :( 
deciding whether i should release it as part of an ep full of prog house songs i haven't released, but I'm glad you liked it! I'll send you a link when it's out! (: 
Oh by the way, your original post reminds me of my dream of becoming a famous theoretical physicist one day a LOT.   Nobody laughed at me (jokingly or otherwise) but people kept telling me that I have no idea what I'm getting myself into, and that I'm up for something extremely hard.  Well, I'm studying theoretical physics now, and they were right - it is extremely hard, and I have no idea if I'll manage to beat my work issues and to succeed, but I really hope to see myself in your position one day, just in my chosen field. I might be a huge procrastinator but at least I have a paper in my name, which for an undergraduate is pretty awesome. 
Keep it up! The beginning is always a humbling experience. 
I hear ya bro...and I would if it was still what I wanted I  life.   I had my fun and it was a GREAT ride... Congrats on your gig. 
This really made me smile, so thanks. :)  You're a good OP. I bet you'll smash the gig tomorrow! 
Are you spinning records, or pushing buttons to play samples and such? I'm not as familiar as I should be with this stuff. 
Haha yeah sure you did. That's always the first thing I do after celebrating with friends, I go and tell a bunch of anonymous strangers lol 
Haha I like that, I heard that somewhere too (maybe your teacher first started that line and it circulated worldwide haha), but it's a little different DJing, because if I mess up, people are gonna know, because the music's gonna be cut, or everything's gonna sound weird. If I trainwreck and it's noticeable, I'll play some spongebob squarepants theme music while I'm getting back on track to keep the crowd at ease :p 
Haha I definitely will! If you'd like I can send you some cool pictures and have them say hi on camera for you, if they're cool with it :p 
Ahh! Film is one of my huge interests too! I've been thinking about pursuing film as a major. Honestly, just get a small camera, and go outside and shoot some cool stuff! I live in NYC and I've always dreamed of making a documentary about Manhattan and all the unique faces and the homeless people that are almost always more caring than the rich guys on wall street, and the awesome musicians you meet in the subway, and the really cool people you meet in small book shops in Midtown, and all the dogsitters in central park, and everything else that makes NYC such an awesome city.  Hopefully I'll be doing it sometime this summer and I'm so excited for it! 
Ah I see :p  What do you now? Is it related to music, or something completely unrelated? 
Interesting! I'll check it out tomorrow when I wake up if I have enough time before I have to go for soundcheck haha 
Haha it's a great place, the sound system is apparently amazing :p Thank you, and you too :) 
Generally, when a promoter or club manager sees an email in their inbox, and they open it, they'll see a big blue link, and they'll think it's spam, and won't bother to read it. It's also a surefire way to know if the target is interested : they email you back, then they're expecting an email back and then they're gonna send you another email after they listen to it. When you just send them an email and hand them everything, they have no incentive to email you back unless they need you, but they could need you a few hours before a show because their original opener flopped, or they could need you because they have yet to book an opener, or whatever the case may be. 
Bet you weren't expecting a reply to this one either ;) 
Yea, the venue seemed a bit small when they posted the pic on their facebook page. How was the sound system? 
No problem! I tried to respond to everyone that commented on the thread / replied to a comment of mine, since they're taking the time out to comment on my thread supporting me / giving me tips / etc.   Your stuff is awesome! Keep up the awesome work :) 
Haha no, it's really not once you learn it! I thought FL was difficult until I just started to click buttons and see what everything does. It's all very simple actually :)  And I love Pro Tools! I record vocals of a friend's rap group with it, and it works wonders!  
I don't mind at all! Thing is, I don't have a name yet. Nobody knows who the hell I am. On the club's facebook page, they had this ad a few months back asking for djs and stuff to email them. I sent them my email and thought nothing of it, until superbowl sunday where I get a text saying something along the lines of "Hey, checking up on your offer to dj. We have Dada Life. Are you interested?". And I just took it from there :) 
Haha, I've been told many a times that line and for now I'm just taking life a day at a time. No need to rush things out ! 
Ah i hear you dude. At least you enjoyed the hell out of it, by the looks of it. And thank you!  Mind sharing one of your favorite stories / experiences? 
So you mean OP wasn't a bundle of sticks today? Hahaha, thank you so much, I hope I don't screw up! I'll edit sunday morning with the story :p 
Probably using a pair of CDJs which is kind of an electronic turntable that you can load digital music onto. Sort of a mixture of those two concepts. It's not extremely common these days for people to spin vinyl records (it is certainly still around though).  
Different genres are basically different feelings given to the crowd. Listen to Calvin Harris - Summer. That's progressive house and that makes the crowd all happy and stuff. Now listen to Sandro Silva - Epic. That makes the crowd go absolutely nuts and jump up and down and stuff. Lastly, listen to an old Skrillex song. That makes the crowd rage and hate the DJ. Haha, just playing though. Different genres = different reactions. 
Lemme try and explain it to you slowly since you might not be understanding. That's fine if you don't understand, too, some people are just slow, right?  So, Thursday night, 2 days before the show, I decide to post this. Celebratory post because I'm happy that I've got this gig, and I also proved my grandmother wrong.  Cool, right?  Now, follow along here, it'll get a bit tricky.  I celebrated with my friends, DURING the party, 2 days after I posted this.  Mind you, it is currently 15 days after I first posted this, so I don't know how in the world you came across this, but I'm assuming that if you can't understand the concept of different days and different posts, then you can't really understand reddit either.  So, to recap, I posted this 2 days before the show, and celebrated the day of the show.  Easy enough?   
How did you get selected for this? I don't think they pick some random dude off the street to open for a popular act.  
I doubt she started it, granted she was super old. She probably was there when the first coke came off the line...  And if you mess up cutting just quickly fade and carry on. They *may* notice but are to fucked up on drugs to care enough to FUCK RAGE! WHOO!!! just wish I could come see you that'd be so bad ass hah Congratulations on the gig bossman. I'll send good vibes your way :) 
Jeez, talk about a small world. I've had similar ideas except with the homeless population in Philadelphia, where I'm from. My biggest dream would be to do something internationally. I am actually planning on going to Ukraine this August to volunteer in an orphanage and teen rehab facility. Would love to bring my story back to the States.  
I saw them at GDF 2011. They were soooo hammered during their set haha. I ended up leaving to see gareth emery. I imagine they wont be chugging bottles of champagne and half gals of grey goose for u18s 
Pretty unrelated. I've taken a huge interest in 3d modeling and animation and would like to pursue a career in that area!  
Just a friendly reminder that Reddit supports VERY heavy-handed censorship, and that it is owned by a mass media company called Conde Nast, which has HUGE amounts of money, and does not need funding. Gold does nothing except put money in the pockets of those people, and Reddit has absolutely no need for more funding. 
Waiting on you man! I'd love to hear what they brought. Where abouts was this preformance?  
Very kind of you! Responding seems very rare now. Thank you very much and have fun DJing! :DD 
Haha, there were plenty of bundle-of-sticksy OPs today but you weren't one of them :P  I look forward to it! 
tldr; you don't have friends in real life, so you post on the internet. your grandma was right, congrats on playing other people's music for a living and gaining satisfaction from reddit lol 
Kinda just sent them an application with basic info, and they texted me a few weeks later. Yea, they pretty much did exactly that, haha 
Good point. His songs are shit and you see that he put no effort into them unfortunately. Guess that's one celebrity spot wasted haha 
As in trainwrecking? Thing is, it's fine if a popular person does it, as their fanbase and the crowd is more forgiving becausw it's a celebrity. If an opening DJ messes up, the crowd will remember him for the one screw up he made, not the other 58 minutes of energetic music. 
Haha thank you! I rocked that stage so well, I believe! Being confident of your own music is the first step to getting yourself out there and making a name for yourself. Make music that you love, most importantly, not that others love. Enjoy yourself most of all. 
Hahaha, great point. Thanks so much, I'll definitely keep the good ol' filter & fade technique when I'm in a sticky situation tonight :p 
That's so cool! I'd love to hear more about it :)   Now that I think about it, I guess when I said I'm interested in film, I realized that I hadn't meant big tv productions with famous actors. I guess documentary film and home film and short film projects is more what I was thinking. But enough about me, I'd love to know more about your trip to Ukraine! Such a beautiful country. 
Hahaha nope, I don't believe so :p Were they good drunk or were they noticeably messing up? 
Yea I gotcha man. Thing is, if I say "fuck yea, I'm so good and I'm gonna be a huge DJ on that stage", then I sound cocky and people bash me for it. Isn't that how reddit works? I hear where you're coming from though, and I didn't mean to sound condescending to myself, I was just weighing the two different ways this can go, lol. 
That's awesome! I've always thought about animation and it seems like the coolest thing to learn :p 
Haha no idea why an OP wouldn't want to respond to everyone, this is like my 5 minutes of fame on reddit and I get to talk to a bunch of cool people! Haha no need to thank me though, man, it's all good :p 
Well, that's what a headliner does :) An opening act just warms the crowd up for the headliner, and even though I have my own music that I can play, I played (past tense, just got home) very coherent music that everyone knows and loves. Examples such as :   Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike - Tremor, Mammoth  DVBBS & Vinai - Raveology  Just examples, but songs like these really pump the crowd up. I'm not a huge fan of Martin Garrix, but hearing his new track "Turn Up the Speakers" with Afrojack while I was in the crowd made me jump, regardless of whether or not I dislike it. 
Exactly what every OP ever wants to hear :p   But seriously though, I'm setting a reminder for 3 months and if you're not headlining EDC 2016 by then, we're gonna have a problem here! Haha :) 
Yea, B&H Photo Video is based in NYC, and I visited their superstore a few times. It's such a huge place and it's mindblowing! Happy deal-hunting! 
You didn't have to send them a mix or anything? That seems crazy!  
Lol I can attest I've been on both sides of the tables :P usually house parties ~100 or smaller ^.^ you'll do fine.   Can you record your set and paste it some where though? I'd love to hear what your mixing. 
Just...just don't play animals.  Seriously though, congrats. Dada Life is always a fuckin party and I can't imagine how excited you are.   Also, that shit is gonna look REAL good on your resume :D 
Haha I think we're on the same page. I would never want to work with Hollywood or anything like that. I want to convey importance and a meaningful message to people through the power of film.   As for my Ukraine trip, to cut a long story short, my cousin married a very beautiful woman from the Ukraine and my aunt fell head over heals for her daughter in law's family and how they support their community in the Ukraine so well. She's a dentist and is going to go over there to offer free services to the kids in the orphanage and the teens in rehab. I said that sounded like the experience of a lifetime and immediately asked if I could join her. She said she would love for me to go over and help her.   We're going to stay with my cousin's wife's family. And, God willing, there's no extreme conflict between Ukraine and Russia, we will be leaving August 15th! 
At the end when I left they were becoming noticeably sloppier but their stage presence was fantastic still 
There's a great difference between being cocky and being humble. Choose the latter, appreciate your skills and your success, but people will like you more if you do it in a humble way. 
Idk, its just my experience. But really cool from you nonetheless. :) 
Digital sure makes it more affordable.   When I was playing it cost about 15 bucks per track, and the good ones were hard to get unless you had a buddy at the record shop to put it aside for you.   Which make it really tough for a new DJ to get into the game.   Although there is still nothing like playing vinyl. 
lol  Honestly though if I learned to DJ I'd be perfectly happy with a club gig here and there (*assuming I get good enough, haha), here in Australia the type of music I generally like (mainly minimal techno type music) isn't exactly a huge scene from what I can tell :P  Guys like Raresh / Ricardo Villalobos are some of my DJ idols, haha 
It was ! I'm surprised they didn't ask me for one! :p 
Haha I don't think that's possible man, I'll be spinning on CDJ200s, and aside from some 10 second videos of when the beat drops that I might take, I don't think I can record anything unfortunately 
No animals? Fuck, there goes half my set. If I can't play levels either, then the crowd's listening to my spotify playlist, I guess. 
That's so cool! Holy shit, that definitely sounds like the experience of a lifetime. The only country out of the US that I've been to is Israel (I'm an American Israeli, huge part of our family lives in Israel so we frequently visit, and my cousin is also a DJ, which is where I happened to find my love for music haha), and my dream is to just tour the world and go to so many countries and document my entire trip and just be a huge tourist :p  Haha if you end up documenting it all, would you mind sharing it with me? I'd love to see how your experience was :) 
Love that. Thanks for it :) Should I go on stage and call the coordinates for an airstrake over the radio, in that case? 
Haha thanks man, it's loads of fun just talking to everyone, you included :) 
Haha yea, I guess vinyl is more for the disc jockeys that want to scratch and stuff, while digital is just for the people that want to play some bangers and make some people go nuts. Haven't seen many big edm artists spin on vinyl, I think. 
Haha regardless, get out there and try it out! Maybe you'll play a killer set in front of a huge promoter, and he'll pick you up :p 
He also gets artists on his label to do a lot of the work even on non collaborations.  
Haha I've always wanted to go to Israel with my brothers on a Birth Right trip. It sounds so awesome!  And definitely, whatever pictures,videos, experiences I bring back with me I'll for sure share with you! 
Yeah, I can understand that, although it can never hurt to broaden people's horizons.  Before I assemble the playlist, I was wondering: do you ever play hip hop at your shows or do you stick with electronic music? 
Fuckk. Fuck him man, he's only good for throwing cake at his crowd. 
Yea, birth right is definitely something that I'll be going on once I get older (I'm only 16). And sweet, I can't wait! Haha 
Haha interesting. Never really thought of it like that.  
Nope, I stick to electronic music solely. I'm down to listen to almost any sub-genre of edm, though :) 
I'm friends on Facebook with a guy in LA that was friends with my friend in DC. We've never met but we tag each other in posts and exchange pictures of us clasping hands together in increasingly complicated poses.  
I would absolutely try that chat function! Wouldnt you hate it if she dissappeared and you wouldnt know anything about her? 
Damn I'd love a job like that. Not about circumcision in particular, but being paid to go on impassioned rants. 
My name isn't super common but common enough that the person with my firstnamelastname gmail was taken. So mine is firstnamealastname (middle initial). I emailed her once when I was job searching at the end of college just to let her know that I was job searching and sorry in advance if anyone emailed her by mistake but please forward it to me if she didn't mind. She responded that my aunt sometimes emails her. 
I'm actually in the same boat. I've got a friend that I still talk to through last.fm after 5+ years. We have JUST started mentioning the possibility of Skyping in the near future.  It's a really interesting phenonmena when reflecting on it. 
Search for him! See if he's still doing soccer. :) 
I love how online gaming destroys social barriers. I used to play eve, small gang combat, we had a pirate outfit, and it was real trial by fire stuff. If you didn't kill 10 times more players than you died, you would lose money and not be able to afford losses.   in our gang we had a 70yr old Norwegian guy, and a 12 yr old Australian kid, we respected their skill and ability equally.  
Dank meme buds, or regular meme buds?  Also, sorry to hear it went the creepypms route. 
Opposite gender platonic relationships seem increasingly rare, because it seems to me that guys and girls are pressed to "be with" anyone that likes them as a person. I'm glad you've got her, and I know I'm glad to have my three main girl friends who I know wouldn't ever date me. Good on you, and I hope things stay good between you two. 
I'm reading this as a support group for the now-adult babies who get brought up when the naming statistics come out since they have truly ~~shitty~~  semi-unique names, like abcedef, etc.    I love it  =D 
That reminds me of another friend I have.  Before Facebook got really strict on names, I made a joke account of John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt (spelling?). I searched, and found another one. I messaged "Your name is my name too!".  We messaged back and forwarth for two years before learning our real names (her name is not my name too) and many years later we're good friends who confide in each other. We have yet to meet in person. 
how did you write her name on your back with a sharpie?  
That's awesome!  I wasn't a very good pen pal.  After about 6 months, I'd get busy and lose interest.  I still think about them on occasion ... 
Exes who you can remain on good terms with often make the best of friends, I have found.  There's a certain trust that can't be found elsewhere. 
Sounds like my family, except im an honorary canadian, not a real one 
I've been friends with a lot of people where all I really do is *listen*.  It gives them a chance to get everything off their chest, and try to find a solution to their problems. 
I never get any messages or voicemail by accident :( maybe I should get a new phone number, one that seems easy to mistype, lol 
I've had something like that.  I had one person on OKC that was a 99% match globally that lived across the earth from me and we would just chat about really random stuff occasionally until I got off the site for good a couple years ago. 
Thanks.   They actually named me godfather of their kid, even though I've only ever facetimed with the kid. 
That's an awesome story, and sounds like a great friendship.  I'm sure you'll find him someday. :) 
I have a few friends from minecraft that I have put in many hundreds of hours playing that damn game with them. Like 800+ at least. We would occasionally do build projects for big servers and that took lots of time  
Same situation except we're both only mostly straight and a bit bi 
You both have your own statues?!? :P  What's a battle rapper though? 
I've been friends with someone for four years and never met her. Hope I can someday though. 
I love that, do you remember any of the stand out names? 
That's awesome, I wish my library hosted board game nights.  
Hey! Weird (and possibly self destructive) stuff happens sometimes. Is everything okay, though? Do you want to talk about the situation? Feel free to PM me. :) 
Were you a gym leader, or a pokemon? Which one(s)? 
I did the same thing with a guy from India.  We are now friends, I have a bunch of his friends on my FB, we all chat in messenger or post on walls etc.  It is always funny when someone says something that makes zero sense without cultural context. 
It'd be worse if she turned out to be a neo nazi or something, though. When you have these non-talking relationships, you get to maintain a certain illusion about the other person.  
I can relate, just two years later than you. Same stuff. 
Thanks, I don't mind :) I aimed for his cheek to kiss him goodbye but he told me later that I kinda caught the edge of his mouth, so he thought that was our first kiss and I didn't even know haha! We're actually 7 years apart but he's an incredibly mature guy, we have a lot of the same interests and we both game a lot.  I first introduced him to my son when he came for a Christmas visit in 2009, just over a year after we decided to be together. He did his application for University here because he'd decided he wanted to come and study in the UK, and he spent Christmas with me and my son and our family. It was really nice. I was a bit worried because my son is autistic, but other than being a bit hyper he seemed to accept things pretty quickly. They get along pretty great! 
Same here! Except I'm the one that has the firstnamelastname gmail email. She's from Scotland, seems like a really cool gal based on the emails I get. 
I have a similar situation too.. Cept it's all business emails and uh  Well I know the person they should be going to...  Yup I shouldn't be getting those,   Not fluent, but hey telling people they have the wrong email in another language helps your language skills a bit I guess? Not that I believe he ever gets them, even when I steer them the right way. 
God, I miss last.fm PMs. I used to have really meaningful conversations with interesting people on there, before the whole site went down the drain. 
I was expecting married or still talking, at least. This made me sad.  
Tbh, it was winter, and it depends where you are, but the kid could have literally died. Depending of course, but it has happened numerous times before. 
The only negative I have experienced is when people aren't being truthful. One person from my old group claimed she was an Asian twenty-something college student who got into a skiing accident and had become wheelchair-bound (which is why she had all this time to be in-game).  We became friends outside of the game and even on FB, where she claimed she wasn't able to post photos of herself online because of some stalker ex-boyfriend... blah blah blah... Turns out that none of that was true at all. In fact the only part that was true is that she's female. 
Same here. I wish I kept in contact with a lot of the people I played Halo with back in the day.   I've kept in connect with a few of them or randomly found a couple in other groups/forums. Some of them are doing well and others have gone far off the deep end.  
I'm sure some of them are. The guy I made friends with is pretty chill and in retrospect probably was legit, but I guess I really had/have no way of knowing. I would mainly just recommend talking to them for a bit  
well, if i was 15ish, i would've just been coming out of my rage comic phase you do the math   And nah he and i are chillin actually 
Thanks! She actually came to my job and brought me a coffee right after I posted this, which makes a solid 2 times we've ever seen each other in person. She's a great girl, and it's so relieving to be able to talk to her as a friend without the "pressure" of trying to look cool. Especially as someone who's struggled with social anxiety, it's been a real help.   Plus I get a buddy to talk about Game of Thrones without it devolving into "I'd ride Danny's dragons wink wink" like my other friends 
Nah, it was the first and last time I ever stepped foot inside.  I wanted to ask him about his choices in home decor, but I was too busy with failing at trying not to cry.  I sometimes think back and wonder if he did work on movie sets or something, because every wall had at least three taxidermy owls and one suit of armour.  Strangest place I've seen tbh. 
haha!  I just hung out with an old LiveJournal friend just this past Sunday!  It blows my mind that we're still friends 15 years  after meeting in a comment thread of a mutual friend's LJ. 
It was more on my side, but it was out of the way enough for me to not notice it when I took my shirt off. 
You can ask whatever you want. But that situation, no I wouldn't. I'm still human and have the right to say no to anything that is outside of my boundaries. Communicating and respecting those boundaries is probably the most important part of keeping a relationship from becoming unenjoyable for either person. But within those boundaries? For all intents and purposes, yeah I do whatever She wants me to do, or risk punishment. And it's not like I'm just a toy for Her to fuck around with (for the most part), neither of us get anything out of that. I just believe that I am better off as a person, and happier, if She is control of my life. 
Dominant/submissive I believe. It's a BDSM thing.  
It was more on my side, but it was out of the way enough for me to not notice it when I took my shirt off. 
I ask him for a lot of advice on personal things. We have even been able to calmly talk about our relationship and what happened.  
Friends?  Sounds more like therapy, which is good too! 
That would make sense, she's one of the most troubled people I've ever met. She's basically the living embodiment of the paranoid parrot. She's also very needy and I've had to set boundaries with her.  Thanks for the kind words. Admittedly, it's been good for me too. I wasn't blessed with a lot of empathy and I don't have a nurturing bone in my body. My experience with her has been a good opportunity to learn how to be empathetic, and how to be encouraging. 
Yeah how we joke with each other generally would be considered "hardcore flirting" 
Man, it's a cool thing. I met her probably... 12 years after we became friends. It was the most natural thing in the world.  
I was a gym leader. All the pokemon were ones that were in the original 150, as that's when this chat was started / popular.  
This is fucking brilliant!    Do you only send lunches? Is it all lunches, including the average boring ones or just the more interesting ones? 
/r/indianpeoplefacebook is pretty great.  That sounds like fun. 
Hey I'm Hungarian! I can be the third wheel in your friendship and translate for you!  
Well, depends on definition of 'relationship' really. If I had an SO who only wanted to talk about food it'd be pretty short lived.  
Pm-me-ur-breakfast clearly should have been my real screen name. 
yea, casually mentioned and maybe a little shown on camera, but otherwise forgotten.   of course, it could be the main theme too. maybe something along the lines of this relationship, although odd and perhaps unconventional, helps the protagonist cope emotionally.   or, maybe the games stop one day and the protagonist finds her and meets her on her death bed. they look into each others' eyes and share a bond unlikely.  
I guess so. I live in London and have lived as an expat in the Middle East and you wouldn't dream of getting in somebody's car if you were a kid. In London it gets cold but not killer cold. Loads of kids walk to school. They usually close if the rain or snow or weather in general is really bad. 
Yeah it was more of a freezing day and snowing like crazy. I just couldn't believe he was walking in 6-8" of snow with running shoes on. I guess it does sound weird that a stranger would offer up a ride but to be honest, at the time, I just wanted to help someone out as I would hope someone would do to me if I was in the same predicament.  
I had a group of friends that i'd play Halo 3 with - no idea who they ere but we chatted every night. Even had battles where we stopped fighting to take big group photo's! - I might see if I still have any of their details...what a flashback! 
"Not all men" or not, it happens WAY more often than anyone is willing to admit.  This is a problem. 
I live in the Seattle area, and can confirm that I have terrible luck in life. 
I can guarantee that they aren't mentioning it.  I'm 34, but I know women from the ages of 14-50 who have had this happen to them on several occasions.  I'm really surprised that more dudes aren't aware of this. 
Bro you talk like a fuckin' californian lmao. I know this is late but i'm browsing top of all on this sub rn, so yeah.  
No reason needed, it's just a peculiar object to own. I find them awesome in the right decorational setting. 
Not a lot of empathy, you say? Ever tried cooking before? 
To be fair he didn't say that all or most chefs are sociopaths, just that it correlates with being one. It probably correlates with lots of other shit as well, nbd 
You missed the part where OP has sex with every other character  
With the way my friend is if I ever meet her it'll be in at least 12 years lol 
How active was the chat? How many members?  It sounds like it would have been fun. 
Every now and then it'll be more than lunch. But primarily it's lunch.   And usually just the interesting ones. That's how we met. He didn't send like an average quesadilla, he had basically combined barbeque ribs and a quesadilla.   Mainly we just swap recipes for bad food back and forth.  
Just whatever. But it's mostly lunch.   He made chili recently for dinner, and instead of using saltine crackers alongside it, he used cheezits.  Inspiring.  
Holy crap, exactly what I was thinking, but I struggled to define it. !! I want this movie 
I mean the issue comes when literally none of my friends acts like they do it, and they usually admit some oddly intimate details about themselves. So to guys like me, it just seems odd for it to be common. 
I'm a guy with a lot of female friends and I'm definitely aware of it. I think it is the minority of guys who do it, but it is a significant enough number to happen disturbingly often. I just don't get how some of my peers aren't aware that this is basically sexual harassment. Not okay at all.  
i've been told that before lol. it's even worse in person i was raised right next to the beach so it's stereotypical surfer dude talk 
Thought I was the only one! My first name is Hebrew and my last name is Norwegian as well. My middle name isn't really Latin, though (it's from a Latinate language, but derived originally from a Germanic given name). 
Good on you mate :)   If I tried to write on my back I'd probably hurt myself. 
I want a refund, my Murakami novel didn't have any sex  .. okay it had one and a half sex now that I think about it 
The jazz music, damn this right here is the clincher. I think almost all of Murakami's books I've read has jazz music as either a minor theme, or an (imagined) aural muzak.  
It was a lot of fun. It was very active as the internet was what most of us did back then - wake up, eat breakfast, go online. That said, there weren't a ton of people. Maybe ~15 who were on constantly and 10 or so more who came on and left from time to time. Made for a nice tight knit community. Started with pokemon, but became a close group after the pokemon craze wore off.  
This has to become a twitter account or something lol 
Nice.  Sounds like a sweet way to make some holiday cash.  Though it reminds me of the pranks people play where they put up adds saying "Win an XBox" and then they require a credit card number. They then take a camera crew to the houses of people who actually "fell" for it.  You could have easily been feeding some dude's fetish. 
When does somebody acting like "they never would" mean that it doesn't happen.  There's a few girls in this thread who just admitted that it has happened to them.  Just because the guys and girls in your life aren't talking about it, doesn't mean that this isn't a regular occurrence.   I'm pretty sure wouldn't want admit to my friends if I sent unsolicited sexual images to anyone, would you?    And on the flip side, why would I tell my guy friends when they'll just imply that it happened because I was talking to a guy who must have gotten past my faulty character judgment filter. 
My first thought was that he was jerking off to whatever I was sending him, but the more I got into links about body positivity and the origin of why circumcision is a commonly-accepted, non-medical trend, the less I cared. Then the money showed up. He didn't have any information that could have been compromising for me, so I wasn't worried.  His rationale was that he'd rather spend money on getting someone to talk him off the edge than on the surgery and pain of recovery. Worst-case scenario, he was jerking off. Best-case scenario, he didn't get the surgery. Either way, $350 is $350. 
Maybe he needed sources for some kind of homework/paper and was just too lazy to research himself? 
I totally agree about the Anime, it's weird how I'm fine during the saddest scenes in normal film/tv but the moment that slow piano marks the beginning of a sad scene in an Anime, the waterworks begin. 
Sometimes we forget that they also age. I can't and don't want to imagine a world without my dad or my mom, but of course it's inevitable. All we can do for the time being is cherish them and let them know that we care and love them. Once they are gone, you won't live your life thinking that you could have done more. 
I am so very sorry for your loss.   *Nana internet hug* 
We meet again!  I warned you when I added you as friend. This *will* happen! 
*Nana internet hug*  Let the emotion flow - it's a good thing :) 
Can I get a hug too? :'( let's all have a hug party.  ^(lost my dad recently)  
I am so very sorry for your loss. Maybe you weren't a very good son as you think; however, we generally are much too self-critical when it comes to our own actions. I'm thinking he not only loved you but thought well of you too.  You take care.   *Nana internet hug* 
I'm really sorry about that. I'm old enough to know that some things just can't be fixed, but it's still upsetting since I grew up thinking that my parents were very much in love and happy. I have actually spent a lot of time with my dad. He's the one that's hurt the most and definitely needs the company.  
Oh no, I'm not trying to side with anyone but I've just been more close with him as of late because it's been a lot harder for him. I'm not saying that my mom isn't upset but I know she's not as upset as he is. He's trying to end things on a good note, despite her being extremely rude, but she's just not having it.  
I cried over yesterday's Sailor Moon Crystal. You're right about the music!  Although not just anime. I was practicing the piano the other day and made myself sad by playing through the music from a certain scene in Final Fantasy VII...  
Nah my man white album two trust me. You thought your lie in April was bad.  
Hi (Reddit's) Grandma! I always smile when I see you in a thread.  I hope you are well. 
My dad passed away just over a month ago. My addendum to the well wishers has been: go make some more good memories with your kids/parents.  
thank you hiyo, for the Nana internet hug. *hugs back* 
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY LUCKJESS!!  *I have ^missed ^^you* 
*big hug* I know how you feel, it can be really rough. The first year it very much feels like they're just "on vacation" and will come back, but they don't. Let yourself grieve, don't hold it in. I lost my dad in 2008 and I still get sad about it each year during his birth/death dates - especially hard when they're only 2 days apart.    My advice is to find happy ways to remember them and try to focus on those thoughts. Focus on the positive energy from them, and do things that would make them (and any older deceased relative) proud. 
Awww thank you. May have shed a happy tear. The gesture is very kind of you.  :') 
Thank you :) I know he was proud, but man I wish I could do it all over again! 
Ah yes, the classic Snowboard Game at the Gold Saucer music.  Err.... that's not the scene you were referring to, was it? D: 
Shigatsu, WA2, Ano Hana, 5cm/s got me to tear up a little, Sakamichi no Apollon and Plastic Memories almost had me, particularly Sakamichi with the music. 
Aw - thank you! It's good to be seen! :)  I am quite well thanks! :) I hope you are doing well too! :) 
You are so welcome.  *Takes in hug*  You take care of yourself. 
Sorry for the late reply.  I really appreciate your well-thought out response. The feeling and loss is still raw for me (he passed away around 3 months ago) but yes I definitely am keeping him alive in my thoughts and memories. What pains me is watching my mother trying to brace herself. She lost her best friend, her only love. I can't imagine worse loss than that. I hope we can get through this, no matter how difficult.   I wish you all the best too. They might have been gone but they live in us as long as we keep them in memory. :') 
Be the best person you can be - that will be his best legacy.   
My father is dead and wasn't much of a dad. I'm crying at what could have been.  
Good question. There is always the possibility that someone hasn't watched/played/read something that was made long ago but they still might at some point. But when it's about something so popular it's impossible to remain unspoiled forever 
I'm just owning up to my mistakes:   Stealing jokes from Gravity Falls! 
Same here! I've also had romantic crushes turn into these. Once all the "OMG DATE ME" feelings had faded cause it didn't look like it was going any further, it became a "man, they're really really cool. I wish we were closer."   I'm pretty good at getting close to people, but terrible at convincing myself to make the first couple moves. I've got the tricks up my sleeve, just lack the confidence to pull them outta my sleeve! I wonder how close we would've gotten if I just tried a little harder. Oh well. Better luck next time, right? 
I've heard of the term "squish" before for non romantic crushes but I never connected why it was called that till now. Thanks mate :) 
People and socialization is scary. As generic as the thing Im going to say now, it does get better with time. Do one thing every day which would help you with it :) 
This whole sub is generally wholesome. It's basically /r/WholesomeMemes before /r/WholesomeMemes were a thing. 
I'm Catholic and I learned about platonic love from being friends with people who had taken chastity vows and it was one of the best things I've learned.   
Thats definitely a tricky one, such a shame that there needs to be immediate assumptions when it comes to socialization between girls/guys.  
Aww! Don't worry. I guess I just kinda merged myself into conversations etc? Isn't that easy I know. Took me a year and a half in my last school, but ended up being so worth it. Making good friends is such a trial and error kind of process. However though, just be nice to her and be the kind of person you'd want to get to know :) Have you ever talked to her/how do you know her anyway? 
This is very true, making friends is tricky lol. But seems like you're doing a well good job, through working with them you can probably seep in some bonding conversations. :)  
Never really had it either. Sure, I have plenty of times when I'm like hey he seems to be a cool dude I should try to talk to him more. But to get really excited about the idea of befriending them? Not really. 
Yeaaah, genuinely compassionate/kind people really catch my eye also, I really look for that 
This is actually how I met my best friends a decade back!! It also felt like that at first - that they were nice and all but I wasn't really in the group - but that changed after awhile. I think some of them are still closer because of the history, but it definitely changed a lot from the beginning and they've been such great best friends that they've given me high standards (and faith!) in people :) 
yeh in a time constraint you say it, those exact words, and how you feel, knowing the person so far. works ervytyme. thyre gone aneewe lol beteer next book and theatre person 
They're like mental practice that won't happen exactly that way. 
Maybe he thought that you were really trying to get to know him 
don't get discouraged, it's usually nothing personal and has to do with them! I mean yeah it is literally personal, but it has to do with what they think, and that's based on their experiences etc.  I actually met my incredible best friend group a decade back putting myself out there (basically at this event together and I said that my friends' table was full - sorta true - could i sit with them? and then i just kept doing that whenever that larger friend group got together, and then i invited them to hangout personally) 
I personally feel like I don't naturally have a lot to add to a friendship, and that I could but it would take a lot of effort.   Like, I would feel under pressure to be interesting/cool/funny whatever. 
Same, but this thread is making me change my mind. 
I would say one friend of mine on Facebook who's more of an acquaintance. He posts a lot of Facebook, which I usually either don't care about or am midly annoyed with, but his posts are typically always very well thought out, insightful, and generally written in very engaging prose. I just want to be his friend and hang out and pick his brain a bit, or have some discussion or debate on some topic, he seems really smart, and I know from the few times I've talked to him that he's funny and likable in person. Unfortunately now we live in different states, so outside of occasional discussion of his posts on social media, its not too feasible.  I also get friend crushes to varying degrees on like at least 50% of the people I meet. Who was your last friend crush? 
My romantic and friend crushes seem to always be separate, but it makes sense how they'd overlap.  I wish I knew how to get close to people. I don't have any trouble making friends, but that's because it's never a conscious thing for me, they just kind of develop without my choosing. 
In my experience these two can start out the same and end up what you want them to be. I have this with people from both gender. I meet them, find them interesting, attractive etc. Basically a crush. Of I would want a relationship, a romantic crush etc I know it would evolve into exactly that (at least it has when I wanted it), but I know exactly that I could have just been great friends with them and could have chaneled all the love I have for them into a purely platonic relationship.  So as someone bisexual who has gone down both ways (bromance and mancrush/same with women), I believe it is your choice. My SO of 7 years is my best friend. They would be my best friend if we didn't have a romantic relationship. But we both wanted more. Other very good friends wanted more, sometimes I wanted more but we didn't agree and so we worked it out. We love each other. But not romantically.  Idk if any of this made sense :D 
Yep. I try to do that. I'm pretty fine with talking to people (I didn't actually start talking to people other than family and close friends till I was like 16) now. I just cant talk to girls still. I turn into an awkward mess who would avoid eye contact even if there was a loaded gun pointed at my head. 
Right?  The crazy part is that I've had tons of female friends my entire life, but thinking back I have *no* idea how those friendships developed and (aside from the ones where I did have romantic feelings for short periods of time, or the two where I ended up dating them anyway), how it became understood that it was platonic.  I suppose it's also easier if you're in an environment where these things can sort of develop naturally - like you spend all day at school together or an entire shift at work.  But somehow, approaching someone like the girl at the bakery all like, "wanna go to a bar and talk about nothing?" feels too much like "asking out"....even though I'll already be in the store chit-chatting for like 45 minutes on slow nights, as if that's any different.  People'ing is hard.  Rest assured, I *also* suck at making male friends, asking out women, and all other social interactions as well. 
I met her at a birthday party, we only talked at little bit. Only later I realized how cute she was. Also, I'm friends with her sister which makes it double-weird. She's one year older than me and graduates in two months or so, my time is running up. :(  My problem is that I get really distant and cold when she's around because I don't know how to act. I'm kind of socially anxious. Don't want her to think I'm weird.  Sorry for hijacking your thread, this isn't really what you wanted to know haha. 
We haven't really talked since then, not even "how are you?"-conversations. And I'm too scared to approach her anyway. I can't message her anywhere without coming off as creepy since she doesn't really know me and never gave me her number or snapchat name. But I'm friends with her twin sister, so I already know where she lives and that she has a dog and stuff.   My only chance is talking to her at another friend's party in like a month. I hope she'll be there too.  
Oh totally, it's nice to be able to approach people with a specific proposition and get to know them along the way 
Same. Closest that's ever happened to me is when I've wanted to wiggle my way into a local scene in a new city and meet someone I think could introduce me. Hasn't worked so far lol 
That sounds very familiar damn, love finding people like that who seem so insightful. Maybe you could send him some of your thoughts on a post he did, it could create a nice conversation around the topic. :)  There is this person who I really often see around campus, has a tattoo which references a band that I love. Not only that, I've seen the guy reading really interesting books in our library on geopolitics and generally social/history stuff that I've also read and I'd love to know what they thought about the content.  
I've found the best method for breaking through to the close stage is to let your guard down a little. My favorite method is sharing a funny yet embarrassing story, like showing them pictures of my scene phase. By showing a sliiiightly more personal side of you, it shows you trust them - which typically leads to them trusting you too.  
Yasssss well done! Im glad to hear that. I've noticed people with cameras and good photography skills often gain a lot of friends through it, probably because it seems so engaging and also "can i take photos of you" is such a flattering question. :) 
Just tell her that it's not a date. That would get rid of the stupid "is this platonic or not" tension immediately. 
You're wrong, your response was exactly the kind I wanted to have: I want to know everyones experiences. It's okay to be nervous in these situations, I know what you mean cos you tend to really care about the persons opinion of you/the situation. I guess you could be casual about it and ask what she going to do after grad, steer it from there? Probably a conversation you've already had though or something.  
Good luck! If all else fails, the snap story approach is what I've found to give off the least amount of creepy vibes. Leaving a public comment on a post (ex: if she posts about a video game that you play too, it's totally normal to be like "hey! I play that too" and talk on the post until it moves into the DMs).   Since your friends with her twin, if you guys are close enough, maybe you could hang out at her house some time? Don't just use her twin to get closer to her though, but maybe all three of you could end up hanging out (I was really close with a twin ((that I later went on to date briefly)) and always invited his brother to hang too. It was a lot of fun and I ended up becoming pretty tight with both of them).  
Next time you see him reading a book you want to have a chat about, walk past and all nonchalantly say 'nice tattoo bro, I love that band!" And then say something like "oh dude, that's an awesome book, you've got great taste" and boom, conversation started! 
You said slightly personal. I'll only show those once my soulmate is legally bound to me through a state approved marriage. 
Oh dear. Well I guess I'm bound by the sacred internet law of no bamboozles now! 
Gonna be a bit narcissistic here, but I have this awesome line that I love using:  "Hey, why would you ask me out of anyone to take photos of people?"  "Well, that's the issue with portrait photography; I can do everything correctly, but I still need someone attractive for the picture to be perfect." 
I realized that, but i kinda hoped the rest of my messages would indicate that it was meant positively and/or in excitement. Oh wells though 
Hahaha. I've still got a lot of the same friends from that time period, so I've accepted those pictures will haunt me whether I'm poking light at them or not lol!  
I'll give you gold if you do it. I know it's meaningless, but I feel like adding a bit more incentive to it. Carpe diem.  
Damn I don't get this on mobile !!   sounds satisfying  
remembers me "the beginning of the end of the beginning has begun" 
You heard correctly! I'm giving them away at least. 
Mobile doesn't have fancy stuff like pictures in flairs, special up/downvote buttons or messages. 
Nothing. Its chilled, people are nice. Thats about it.   Welcome :)  
Exactly! I love when someone takes that second to upvote something I've said. 
That's what I've been trying to do! Haha I've upvoted every single comment and replied to probably 75% of them. I'm about to go to sleep though so I'll have some catching up to do.  
I'm really glad you did that, too, because it helped me find dropped threads easier.  It's Shiva's birthday today. Wanna tell her anything or wish her a happi birthday? Promise I'll tell her :D 
Ooh, I'm gonna start doing that too! Why did I never think of it.  
If someone upvotes something I've said or posted, it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. (It's the little things!) I'm trying to learn to return the favor. 
Exactly why I've made it my mission to upvote more posts and comments. 
Believe it or not, I just wanted to share my revelation about how terrible I am at upvoting. I was shocked when I woke up and the thread had over 2k upvotes. 
Yes this appears on PC website only, it appears! Sorry mobile users  
Go on to the chrome app and open reddit, then click in the top right hand corner on three little dots and *request desktop site* then it will load reddit like it would on a pc or laptop and you can see the css and, by extension, the little quotes. 
I've always been curious how much the taxes on those cars were.  *Edit. I found it. Some audience members had to pay up to $6000 in taxes to keep the car. Yikes.  
I also got the orange one. I wonder how the quotes are distributed. 
Wait what? I've been using Reddit for going on four years and *I've never known this?* 
Pretty standard.  I used to work at a dealership that "gave away" a contest car occasionally and I think most people just took a cash prize (sold the car back to the dealership, really) instead because they weren't prepared for the tax hit.  Everybody pays that tax when they buy a car but it's built into the payments usually.  Paying it on the spot when you weren't really expecting it can put a real dent in your wallet if you can afford it at all. 
I generally use upvotes to save stuff, and if it is a comment or archived, I'll use the "save" function. 
every comment has its own ID you can see when you permalink it, i think it's generated off of that ID, so everyone gets the same message for the same comment. 
I'd probably go with the cash prize too. I know 6K would put me in the red.  
I'm doing well, glad to see the wholesomeness in this thread thanks to you! : ) 
Don't do it, the music will be stuck in your head for a month 
Another sub that does it has it based on the last letter of your comment.  
Hey I appreciate that information. Thanks for that. 
Awe I'm glad to hear that and yes, I think it's great! 
Yeah I just up and moved 13 hours away from where I grew up. I did have a plan for where I'd live with some family but that fell through. I couldn't get an apartment quickly enough (plus I didn't have enough saved for first, last, and security deposit) so this is what I fell back on. I'm working two jobs so soon I should be able to turn it around eventually! 
yuck. I usually just take caffeine pills if i need a boost, but for some reason i've lost my ability to swallow pills recently so that hasn't worked for me. Pure caffeine tastes awful, it's got to be more bitter than a switch cartridge. 
Good luck! If you don't mind me asking, how old are you? And any thoughts on moving back to hit the reset button?  
Yes! the 5 hour was so bitter, that was the description I was looking for. It has over 1000 mg of "energy" they say. 
wow! thats a lot of mg of energy lol. theres surely no way its worse than pure caffeine though. the second the stuff dissolved in my mouth i almost threw up. i literally gagged for minutes. 
1000 mg = 1 gram.  I would not recommend that anymore then. 
I used to deliver mail for my university as a works study. Really casual with us all taking turns delivering mail and doing homework. One day I found a girl's wallet in one of the mail bags. Had her ID and about $100, cards and normal stuff. I go back to the mail office and find her sitting at one of the desks with her friends doing homework. I ask her if it's hers and she yanks it out of my hand and glares at me without a word.  Sorry for returning your wallet I guess. 
Ugh I once did that: accidentally bumped another car, and left my contact info. Then they tried to screw me over, sending me huge estimates for way more than the damage could possibly cost, and claiming additional damage that I know I didn't cause.  
Yes, cashing paychecks isn't a long term solution because they will garnish from the source eventually. I've never found an organisation that would turn down an offer to remedy bad debt somehow if you offer to work with them. 
Wow, fantastic story! The shipping part made me laugh. Good for you for mailing cash back!  
That, too, happened to me once. Wallet turned in to lost and found, minus the $80. At the time, I felt grateful to have my cards and told myself that person must need the cash more than me. Anger would've been a wasted emotion.   Although, I clearly am not the most responsible with wallets if this has happened to me twice. Chain wallet, here I come! ;) 
I've dropped my wallet countless of times here in Vegas and people always point it out to me if they notice it. I've never forgotten it though.  
Well thank you, but my lenders disagree with you!  
No, I was shaking from a panic attack (long drive back there, freaking out) combined with shock, relief, gratitude... I could not speak except to say "thank you! Thank you soooo much!" But I ought to go back there and make it known how grateful I am! 
That's very sweet, but there are far more deserving folks out there than me!  
Yes! Same here! When I found a wallet, I tracked the person down and returned it in tact! It's just the right thing to do!  
Taiwan is literally the best. Everyone is so chill and nice there.   
Its fairly common for people to throw this around especially young people who haven't been touched by it. I just try to chalk it up to that. Good comment though. I had just decided to let it go.  
Thanks! I celebrated with lasagna and carrot cake!  
I know, it didn't occur to me either! Literally down to the last penny.  
I wish I knew who it was so I could reward them!   One time I found a wallet outside my apartment, looked up the kid on Facebook, and he came to pick it up. He nervously looked in it to see his $300 still inside, and the look of relief that flushed over his face was payment enough. I was super broke at the time  (hmm, a pattern is emerging here, maybe my life choices could be better), but it didn't even occur to me to take any.   So maybe this is that karma returning to me. :) Thanks, universe!  
Thank you! That's a good idea! My ex offered me use of his safe but... yeah, not a great idea for a plethora of reasons.  
Haha, yeah, I'd be the only one with  $400 in my offshore account! Yes, going forward I can and will set up a payment plan to prevent it from happening again. It's just... I scrambled so hard to save that, and now my escape plans are dashed. Just feels like a punch in the face. Totally my fault, it just sucks.  
Thanks. I would have had more options had I not ignored the letters. Totally my fault. Turns out living in denial doesn't solve your problems!  
Hell yea cheapest place to buy groceries here. I don't shop anywhere else unless they don't have something. 
Thank you for your kind words and kind offer. I appreciate it!  
Hmm, that's so odd! Maybe you just have amazing taste in no resale value stuff! "Forget the cash, she has an eos ball in honeydew!"  
I have not, but I will look into it, thank you! That payment amount is awfully affordable!  
Whoah, awesome story! Thank you for your goodness!  
Yeah, great point. Probably not the best word choice. I should have said I felt violated.  
Well, we have a governor who gutted the program, so his (any many other's) benefits went way down. It's terrible.  
Thanks for being honest! It shouldn't be a shocking thing!  
Yeah, for sure, wish I would've jumped on that ship years ago.  
Holy mother of love, I'm so sorry. I can relate to the total emptiness/betrayal/horror/fear that action brings. Sending love and light that your situation takes a turn for the better soon!  
Wowwww! Props to you! You could've taken the money and felt guilty about it, but you did the right thing and still got the money!  
I got so annoyed with the girl in this story that I had to stop myself from reflexively downvoting your comment. That's really irritating that she reacted that way! 
Financial tip: $ isn't exclusive to the US. Sometimes there are two lines through it though. 
Some people don't like being the center of attention. 
Wowza! What a response! Your karma points still got logged though, that's what counts. :) 
My aunt has a policy that any money she finds goes in a jar and gets donated at the end of the year since it was never hers to begin with. It's a nice idea 
I think people just talk about it more when it happens that a wallet is returned. When a family member lost his wallet, it was not returned and the thieves charged as much as possible on the cards in the wallet.  We didn't post about it or talk about it much, because it's kind of what we expected.  But maybe I'm cynical. 
The other side of that is that there are unfortunately plenty of jerks out there as well! 
Try that in a convenience store on Boulder Hwy and let me know how it works out for you.  
Glad you enjoyed it! We were all very impressed at how well the guy who found his bag handled it.  I'm glad my friend let him keep the goodies because the finder was the real MVP of the weekend. 
The credit union could be owned by the university itself. 
Or they could have sent OP a letter about it that be ignored, because it was just one of a more than weekly letter saying OP owed money. When I owed money to a private college, they sent me so many letters. 
For people who have the means and opportunity, they really should consider visiting. They won't be disappointed. 
Man that sucks. The fallout from me missing my student loan deferment ending notification mailers was a kneecapped credit score, but that's better than a kneecapped ability to be independent.  
I know, it's fantastic! I bought 2 dozen eggs there this summer for 39 cents each!  
You really should look into it. I pay $5/month and I make a decent-ish income. 
That just makes me sad. I hope that there are organisations around that are able to help them. 
Bitcoin is on sale right now ;) it'll be back up in the coming months 
I believe in karma, but what's funny is when I counted it the night I found it, there was $5400. *shrugs* I wasn't going to say no to a free envelope of money. 
Completely agree. I would rather my act go completely unnoticed than to have it made public like that.  
I love this! Unless of course it's from a wallet with ID, haha. But loose money on the ground, that's a beautiful thing to do!  
Oh for sure! I have in the past, and will if it ever comes up again!  
Even if it is a school they have to obtain a judgment (in the US). That means you have a court date in your area. Showing up allows you to negotiate terms...not showing up means whatever terms the loan company wants are assigned. 
Yes, for sure! Amazing story all around!  Of all the ways that could've gone poorly, it went just exactly perfectly!  
This! Although in the letter afterwards made it sound like they had the right to do it to any financial institution. I'm sure it was in the fine print somewhere.  
Yes, I absolutely did ignore letters, though they didn't state that this was in their arsenal. 
Well I mean if this person could set $1,400 back I'm pretty sure they could pay *something* on their debt. Usually creditors will not straight up take your money if you are at least putting something towards it, even if it is below the minimum payment.  
Totally. Even though Japan, Korea, China and Thailand are usually westerners' top choice for visiting Asia, I've enjoyed Taiwan more than all of them. And I've only been to Taipei so far! 
I didn't say it "solely means" that. It is ONE of the definitions, but it remains an **accurate** definition and one that applies to this situation. There's no call to chide OP for their word choice simply because it's a word that makes you uncomfortable.   If you can't accept that *rape* is used in a variety of ways with a variety of meanings, then you might want to avoid reading any classic literature, or any environmental tales, as mention of humankind raping the land will send you into a tizzy.   I also say this as a person who not only was a rape counselor in my 20s (for a while, but it took an emotional toll), but someone who has been raped-- in the sexual assault sense of the word-- and who has been through comforting several loved ones who went through similar experiences.   The definitions I referred to are *current* definitions; Not archaic. If you have a problem with that, take it up with Mirriam-Webster's Dictionary.  
Well, both suck. My credit is destroyed. But not my spirit! This too shall pass... eventually!  
yeah i saw eggs at that price around easter - they're usually 99 cents at my aldi which is still about 3x lower than the local chain grocery. 
Brasil uses R$ and U$ in situations where there would otherwise be ambiguity (the R$ signifying real, the Brazilian currency, pronounced hey-ahll or rey-ahll depending on region) but often just $ when everyone knows that they mean R$. 
Asshole? No.  Stupid bitch? Yes... I miss her so much.  
Did you not read why was he saving that money? Trust me I would rather own 1 million in debt than leave in a abusive house/relationship 
Because they probably only have the power to tax citizens.   Just pointing out that people abroad still use services.  
For clarification, when I said "solely means", I meant something along the lines of "can have a meaning comprising of solely violation without any additional sexual connotations at all".   I would compare it to the use of "oriental" to describe Asian people. The Merriam-Webster dictionary defines it as "of, relating to, or from Asia and especially eastern Asia" but referring to East Asian people as orientals has a long racist history and most find it offensive today. There is nothing wrong with being deliberate and conscious with the language we choose to use. There are some non-sexual contexts where the word "rape" would actually make sense (rape of Mother Earth, etc), but I don't think overly casual usage of the word is necessary or respectful at all given the connotations. By the way, very sorry about what you went through and hope all is well.    
Yes! This!   Yes, I should have been paying something. But I was/am so desperate to get out of where I am that I made the choice to prioritize my emotional wellbeing. 
I don't remember all the details as this was a very long time ago but we DID do everything right. Thanks for the fucking downvotes.  
Just wanted to say that I completely get that, and I have also been in a bad place emotionally and not paying my debts. I hope you are doing better now! You should definitely contact whoever holds the debt and try to get a payment plan set up, most places will work with you and set something up based on your income. At one point I was paying 5 bucks a month on a 20k debt because I wasn't making much. Obviously if I stayed on that rate forever, I'd never pay it off, but it was great for when I was still getting my feet under me. Hopefully you can get something similar set up! It also makes the letters/phone calls stop, which alleviates some stress. 
This is a very good day for all compassionate human beings.  
A lot of people are saying on twitter that they'll be moving to Canada.. but they legalized gay marriage in 2005! That'll be a surprise. But seriously I want to see what the reaction is from the more conservative or religious individuals. :) 
It was declared a constitutional right by the Supreme Court.  Supreme court issues don't get voted on by the public.  Any same-sex ban at the state level is now illegal federally.   edit// yo, don't downvote the parent, they asked a legit question  
well have another congratulations from a random stranger.  Enjoy every bit of it from this moment on. :D 
As a straight Briton, this in no way applies to me, but this is still great news to me! A nation as great as the U.S. embracing marriage equality must surely have ripples across the world - and I sincerely hope they are good ripples. 
My first thought is that this decision came down today to hide the TPP.  Hopefully this is a coincidence because this is a victory for human rights.  
I understand it's a meme, but I'd rather see "Thanks SCOTUS." Even in Obama's speech he gave credit to SCOTUS and all the activists and LGBT supporters over the many years and left himself totally out of it. 
Ugh, can I come live with you?! Compared to the States, New Zealand seems like such an adventure! :D 
Canada's had marriage equality since 2005, what do we win?  But seriously, congrats to both of your countries. 
What I don't get (and I'm an atheist) is why even bother with marriage as homosexuals? Marriage is a religious concept and all major religions are against marriage other than between man and woman, so why do they want to be part of something that denies them by definition? It confuses me. 
Could you source this please? Many redditors like him because they see him as progressive. Personally, I think he's just less crappy than the last pope. 
I'm so worried about that too, and just LGBT+ people in general. It's great to have some time to revel in the big win, but the people getting married legally now can still be fired, evicted, and otherwise persecuted legally, which means we still have a lot of work to do.  But today, we celebrate! 
Sort of. Following the US custom, it's different by state. Most states do it in June, by tradition, but some of us who've been doing it longer established different customs earlier. In Connecticut, for example, it's September.  The reason for that is historical: In the very early days of the gay rights movement, Pride was a political event with a very focused purpose, and for the most impact we had to do it while the state legislature was in session. So we'd take to the streets as soon as they took to their seats, like fucking clockwork, so they'd have no excuse to forget about us or claim they were bogged down with too much other stuff.  We did that for *eighteen* years before we finally got our first bill passed. Ours was also the first state to fly the rainbow flag over the state capitol.  
Mine was actually quite bubbly (Living in a red state).   You might just be following the wrong friends.   
Texas was trying to deal with a federal District case that went against them, and *four* state level cases with *different* outcomes. Meanwhile, the Fifth Circuit had Texas's District case, as well as cases from Louisiana and Mississippi, again with contrary rulings. As soon as the Circuit learned of the appeal of the Sixth Circuit ruling, they decided to wait and see, which was a lot easier than dealing with it all. And everyone else behind them did the same, which is why nothing happened there until yesterday.  
If the complaint about the mosque has to do with parking, that's progress. 
Because they were denied same basic human rights as straight people enjoyed. 
That is their right!   Why would we want to get married in churches that don't support us, anyways?  
Now that it's legal, a reasonable assumption would be that more same-sex couples will get married. With more same-sex couples around the idea of same-sex marriage may become more socially accepted and viewed as normal or closer to normal.  Also, everyone born in the last few years is going to grow up with the assumption that same-sex marriage being legal is normal and good, the same way that almost everyone born after the women's suffrage movement assumes that women voting is normal and good.  You're right that this ruling will not instantly make everyone accept gay marriage but it is a push in the right direction. 
I think we need those labels because people have an inherent need to be labeled 
I remember the same thing happened when things like Obamacare were first being talked about, complaining about how America's going communist and threatening to move to Canada which already has free healthcare and everything. 
Your upvote comment was "DESTROY THEM WITH LASERS".  This is appropriate. 
Yeah exactly. Maybe I'm not a news person, but it was just sudden for me 
I love that the upquote for this comment is "if you want to capture someone's attention, whisper."  
I feel the same way about Australia!! Surely this has to have bigger effects than just the U.S... I can't wait! 
I am actually seeing a lot more love than expected, and I actually have new found friends from getting support on my post. I still have gotten a lot of flak from it, my friend's list count dropped a bit and I have been publicly called out a few times, along with some people who have genuinely hurt me with their reactions.   No regrets though, it was invigorating finally standing up for what I believe in.  
Nederlanden would like a word with all of you in 2000.  
Is that so surprising? We're not some backwards little theocracy here you know. 
Marriage comes with a ton of legal benefits, such as the right to visit your partner in the hospital on their deathbed. The right to be a legal guardian to your partners child. It is not a religious construct and hasnt been for centuries.  
Hehe. At the same mass, he said that the Muslim god hates everyone that isn't Muslim. Gee, sounds a bit like him... 
The first one. And really I just don't care at all so I can't be happy for anybody. 
Then there isn't only one definition of the term "Marriage". 
Yeah, I just hate the idea that something is inherently good or bad; sort of like guns, it depends on how and what we use them for not the fact that it is a gun that is bad.  Normal for the society is much more agreeable in my mind.   
Not saying that, but it will take a lot of time.  A few things that turn me off from the crusade is the pride parades, for or against mentality, and all the fucking stickers.    I guess I just believe that life is what it is, and yelling about something like equal marriage is a waste of effort that could be directed towards more important issues. 
The post title? How does one letter determine an entire thread's worth of upquotes?  Or perhaps you mean the first letter of the comment. Still, the two parent comments of yours begin with the same letter and lead to different quotes (for me). 
One of the best pieces of writing coming from the supreme court I have ever read. 
Also because it's pretty nice to be able to know what a potential romantic/sexual interest's sexual preferences are. 
which, as a Canadian, always makes me laugh because *gay marriage has been legal in Canada for years*. 
That's okay I know how it feels. My family said that supporting gay people was the same as being gay, and was sinful. As you can imagine, they do not know I'm bisexual.   It doesn't bother me anymore though. People can live in the past if they really want to, the future is still going to come.  
It's a lot easier to fight for the right of marriage now that the Supreme Court has ruled it a matter of constitutional law. If a state tries to deny a couple their right, that couple fights them on the federal level, and the federal government wins.  Marijuana is a whole different ball game, because the federal level, the trump card, is being played against you, rather than in your favor. 
It's been pretty much the biggest news story of the last six months. Unless you've been on another planet this whole time, you really have no good excuse for being unaware of this.  Even more embarrassing, though, is that you seen to have no clue how your own government works. I'm torn between trying to convince you to educate yourself and trying to convince you to never go near a voting booth. Which is to say, I'm not sure if democracy would be helped or hindered by your participation. If you think that court decisions are things we vote on, probably the latter.  
The Mexican above me is speaking in caricatures and I did the same. I was raised in the Catholic Church and was told I was a sinner. This country has so many different and popular religions and we can't agree on anything and yet a country I was raised to believe was the holy motherland, Catholics are Catholics and that the US is somehow full of Cafeteria Catholics. Just the irony of it in my mind. 
Not a chance. Too many people. There is a lot of outcry down here in the South, specifically Louisiana and Alabama, but if it weren't for Federal interference, Alabama would still be racially segregated.  
But isn't there already a type of contract which can be signed that pretty much gives you the same benefits? at least in Europe most countries have this. 
I hope Morgan can pick up where Rapinoe's head left off.  
Yeah, that's understandable.  For some people this is a huge thing, for some its more like "okay, about time." and for some it doesn't mean anything at all, just another day.  And all of these (in my own small opinion) are totally fine. Its the ones squalling about how its going to threaten their marriage (how?) that need to sit down and stop whining. I think not caring is fine, everyone cares about something this just isn't what you care about. 
I'm sorry but I don't understand how you're relating the gun argument to the issue of same-sex marriage. 
I just don't see the gripe you have.  There are too many stickers? Really? Come on. You have to see something for half a second. That's too much. Don't go to a parade, if you don't want to see it. I don't think the community (well some do) if you were indifferent to the whole thing but the for/against mentality isn't LGBT specific. Try having a conversation that begins "America isn't the greatest country in the world"  What issues would you rather people work on?  It's not just about equal marriage. It's about equal rights. There are a lot of benefits to being legally married. Taxes for one. The right to see your husband in the hospital. The ability for your wife to be included in your health benefits. The ability to show your love and affection in the same manner that others are able to.  You can argue that there are more important things, and sure there probably are more urgent things, but equal rights for all isn't some vanity project. 
Yes, same goes for parent comments. Quotes tend to stay the same throughout a whole comment thread with the quote corresponding to the parent comment. 
When I saw the "I'm moving to Canada 'threats'" all I could think was "ya' know it is legal there, right?" and "oh, ya' know how you hate paying taxes...umm..."  Canada is going to send you back COD, covered in maple syrup and poutine, with a puck in your craw.  ;) 
Classical conservatism, no. But most of what passes for 'conservatism' these days is not. There are different flavours, and most of them suck, but none of them are truly conservative. They're defined by what they oppose, not what they're really for, and they're just against various things or ideas or people. It's acidic, cynical, sarcastic, insulting, corrosive, and many other negative things. Always something bad or mean to say, and very little that's hopeful or positive. I remember Reagan, and he was not of that mould. Modern self-styled 'conservatives' venerate some weird imaginary version of him, but the real Ronnie couldn't possibly survive today's conservatism.  
What? We don't need to "fight for" marriage. We just *won*. That fight is now over, for good.  
No excuse. Lol.   I gave my opinion on the issue. You're taking casual conversation into a different area.  
Ah, gotcha. Apologies for being a bit touchy there - in the days following our marriage equality vote last month, I heard a lot of Americans reacting like Ireland was fucking Iran or something. A "Wow, even those superstitious drunkards like the gays" kind of vibe, you know?   To be fair, Ireland has come a long way in a very short space of time. When I was born in the early 80s condoms, divorce, and the simple act of even being gay were against the law here.   Anyway, sorry again for my last comment, and I think we can both agree today is a great day for humans everywhere.  
No problemo! Bitchy Barbie dolls truly change lives 
I know I make quite a few generalization based on the loud members, but that is what we end up trying to handle.   Marriage has rights, make marriage equal, gives equal rights; that's where I was going with that.  When I was in high school, I just thought that a quick amendment that called it a 'civil union' would have been good enough to get the benefits of marriage, while still keeping the majority of people's belief that marriage is a sacred union between a man and a woman.     As for the stickers and what not, it is more the branding of anything.  TBH I hate all stickers that have political/social agendas directly and indirectly.  Parades made it feel like something special rather than normal.    As for things that deserve more support: Prison reform, adjusting welfare system, increasing disability support, better health care, energy advancements, increasing funding for schools for smarter kids (more programs, accelerated learning, faster graduation).  That is just my quick list. 
I'm pretty lost. What are you guys talking about? ELI5? 
I want to flee to Canada if THAT'S the outcome! I fucking love poutine. 
You must not live in the south. States are already discussing not giving out marriage licenses in general to prevent gay people from getting married. It's not over yet. 
Your opinion is ignorant and uninformed, and you should be embarrassed.  
Very true, as have we. Here's a little context from a previous comment I have made, should you care to read it.  .  I am in disbelief.  I find myself hesitant to feel this elated.  I have been with my SO for almost 13 years, she is my high school sweetheart.  We have lived together for 7 years, but our state banned common law marriages, closing our only loophole.  This is a huge milestone.  In my life I have witnessed Don't Ask, Don't Tell, been told it was a phase, a choice, a fad and a sin. I have been assaulted and told it was my fault. I have seen glimmers of hope on the West Coast and Prop8. I have been denied custody of the child who lives in my home and for whom I am a secondary parent.  Today my phone and inbox were flooded with words of praise and congratulations, with tones of vindication, declarations of unconditional love and requests for wedding invitations!  Today is a day of celebration and of relief. 
You're in Mexico?  I found a giant hermit crab there once xD 
I never understood why a civil union was a thing. If you are going to grant the same rights and privileges as marriage, why not just call it marriage. Why have two different names for the same exact thing based on the only difference of gender. And believe me calling something marriage and civil union is very different in regards to law.  I feel that people will say it's completely fine as long as you don't call it marriage. It's like saying murder is fine as long as you don't call it murder.   When the name of the act is more important than the act itself that's a huge problem.  There are a lot of different causes and each one is legitimate.  
I can't even remember what the reason was -- something to do with paperwork, maybe -- but years ago I was on the way to the Maritimes from New England, and my mother expressed some concern that I might get 'stuck' in Canada. (Not too much concern, mind you.) I said, "Yeah, that would suck, huh? Wow, what would I do if I couldn't leave Canada right away?"  
It only takes one case. After that, a state would be in contempt, and subject to federal sanctions. These aren't speeding tickets.  More than 'some' states have these laws on the books. They are now without force of law.  One or two states have made some bitchy noises about it, but I don't think they will want to find out what will happen if they refuse to comply with the ruling. It's easy to make noises over the weekend, when everything's closed. And it's probably no coincidence that the biggest whiners just happen to be GOP presidential candiates. But I think Monday will rise on a different and much quieter nation.  
Sounds like you've had rough experiences pushing your own views on others.  
That's really beautiful - my congratulations to you both, and may you enjoy a lifetime of happiness together.  
I don't know because I have no idea what that is.  I don't particularly enjoy philosophy in a formal setting. 
It is more for the religious people that think marriage is their sacred word.  At least in the catholic tradition, marriage was providing a safer environment to have and raise kids.  And until life as I know it changes, a gay couple cannot have kids without outside help.    Pretty much the connotation that people have ruins what reality is.  Sometimes you adapt it to make it work, other times you have to break the connotation all together.  The "Confederate Flag" is a great current example.    To many people hold the belief that it is the symbol of racism and white people's racism of blacks.  While what it really stood for is a battle flag for certain regiments in the confederate army.    Whether you like it or not the name something has is a major part of acceptance.  We will still call it gay marriage for quite a while, just because it is similar, but yet different enough so that it does not ruin their beliefs that come with marriage. 
The good news, though, is that a number of case rulings have also invalidated related fornication and polyamoury laws. Because of the constitutional protections of association, and the ruling affirming private acts in *Lawrence,* you can live with and sleep with pretty much anyone you want, and it doesn't matter if your state doesn't like it. And you can also forge legal instruments in most states creating formal bonds that fall well short of marriage, but create some of the same or similar attributes.  All of that is moot now, of course, but not everyone wants to get married, or has reasons against it, so it's good to know that those provisions are available (depending on where you are).  
Definitely gonna keep it up now that I have momentum.  Now that I think about it, it's ironic that I've picked up metaphorical momentum now that I've lost physical momentum 
I was the opposite end of the husky scale lol. Short and fat. And I had a decent growth spurt at the beginning of puberty and was taller than others for a few months before everybody else skyrocketed, which helped fill me out to proper size but it didn't last.  I've never talked to anybody about the husky thing but it is awful. Let's take a word with negative connotations and apply it to kids at their most insecure time.  Adults get referred to as "big and tall," I think that would be a better term to use for kids as well. 
That's part of the reason I was able to remain motivated this time, I think. I just turned 20 and I figured if I don't lose it now I never will. 
Will keep it in mind. Once I feel I've lost all the weight I need to, I'll post before-and-afters 
Things have been going pretty ok lately!  Hopefully I keep working hard and pushing myself. 
Thank you! I was thinking /r/keto, then figured maybe a humblebrag might belong better here. Will x-post to loseit tomorrow 
Have been to /r/ketocirclejerk, it's a riot. /r/congratslikeimfive is full of cool people too. 
"The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is today."  I also procrastinated for 3 years and I finally happened to latch back onto proper diet and exercise. The hardest part is starting up imo 
Thank you! It was easier than you might think tbh. Although I've noticed that the more fat I lose, the less fat I have left to lose. So the first 30 were way easier than the latest 10. 
Of course :)  Like I said, I'm still chubby. There's clearly room for improvement, and hopefully I can do so before summer 
Thanks! My first priority was looking better. But my health is way more important to me now. 
Congrats to you too! It's a bit of a sore spot for me not having grown much taller since middle school. But then you get to brag about things like this and also in low places you get to watch taller people bump their heads on shit while you glide through :) 
My ultimate goal from the beginning was to look and feel better. Clothes are certainly on the agenda, but I'm gonna wait until I hit my lowest to do more shopping :) 
Thank you from some random hipster in NJ!  Restating what I said somewhere else in here: "The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The next best time is today."  To me, it's more admirable to get back into shape at age 40 than at age 20. Keep fighting the good fight :) 
Thanks! Not as much work as you'd think. The trick for me was to just get started, the rest came relatively easy. 
Glad to hear that I might be of some help to you! I'm hoping to make this one of my most successful years after how stagnant all of 2016 was for me. Good luck to you! 
My man! Congrats to you too. Depressed and binge eating is pretty much a summary of me at my max weight lol.  One of the things that keeps me going: is that junk food, or stopping early during a workout, really as enjoyable as looking and feeling good as a result of staying strong? The answer is almost always no. 
Gaining a few pounds back isn't enough to change the fact that you've done great things! congrats to you too! 
I know a lot of people use the thyroid as an excuse to never lose weight. But you're basically doing what I'm doing on hard mode. That's way cooler than what I've done! I'm proud that you've seen at least some results, keep it up :) 
Thanks! I have unlimited meals in the caf, so I can always find at least something decent to eat. 
That's great! Congrats on *your* success. My roommate is trying to gain some as well, and from what I can tell it's harder than losing it. Nothing but respect :) 
Essentially. I probably could have worded it better. But I still have a while to go before I have good health, right now I'm just making healthier decisions trying to get there. 
Congrats dude! Hopefully by the time you're 20 you've caught up to me! If you ever need someone to brag to you can always pm me :) 
Baby steps are better than no steps! Keep it up!  Is your flair a reference to AM btw? 
Thanks and congrats to you too! My first round of weight loss was 4 years ago so I've had to buy new clothes. I went from between a L and XL to a flat M. Hoping to get to S by the time I'm done. I'd recommend keeping one of your largest t-shirts around (if you still have any) to wear when you're feeling down.  In terms of pants, I believe I've gone from a 40" waist to ~32. It's bittersweet when your favorite clothes are falling off all the time :) 
This is such tripe. Total nonsense.  Unless you are a world-class bodybuilder, BMI is simply a ratio of weight to height, and the overwhelming majority of people will be at their healthiest within the (very wide and generous) range of a healthy bmi  
Won't resent the scale if they just keep up the good work though. Gaining the weight back will only happen if one goes back to how they got fat in the first place. 
Well now you know one lol. Although I'm not that short I'm more in the below average category lol. Maybe that's why I'm unsuccessful. 
Lol. Yep.   I'd heard it too and after a few years seeing the same doctor and not losing much weight, even after changing my diet and increasing the exercise, she had me do a blood test.   It was way off!! So I've been taking it for about a month now and have seen results.    
Wow, that's amazing progress! Mine is nowhere near as impressive as your weight loss, haha. I went from a L to a M/S, from a 36" to 32". I don't think I'll get any thinner than this - my bone structure dictates otherwise - and so I'm trying to get a little more fit now.  Diet and weight loss makes you look good with clothes on, fitness makes you look good with clothes off (or so I hear!). 
Yeah man, whatever works for you, thank you for the good luck wishes, and good luck to you should you begin lifting! 
No, taller people will tend to have a higher BMI than they really should while shorter people tend to have a lower BMI than they should. BMI does not differentiate between fat and muscle, period. If OP has been working out for a long period then it's entirely plausible that they were already at a healthy weight. And judging by OPs height the BMI number may be too small anyways.   You don't have to be a world class bodybuilder to have a bit of muscle. You just have to not be lazy.   A good rule of thumb is as follows... Unless you're looking at the increase and decrease in size of a population, don't use BMI. Body fat % is better. 
I could see that happening pretty easily though. Hopefully I can keep up the hard work forever 
Idk if my height had to do with it but for me it was years of junk food and overeating.  If it's hard for you to start working out or dieting like it was for me, just try baby steps. One of the most helpful things I heard when I started was "if you're dying after a 100 meter run just remember you're still beating your past self." 
Give yourself time. :) Nobody starts out a complete success, as long as you're consistently working towards your goals you'll make progress. :)  
8 years, which is pretty much the standard for most kids in my dojo. Adults can get through with 4-6 years if they put in the time and effort. 
Sorry this is total rubbish. i work out 6 or 7 days a week and that includes lots of muscle-building and strength work. I have big, visible biceps, triceps, lats, abs, quads, etc.  My BMI is 20.7. It has admittedly increased from 19.5 before I started strength work, but it's still well into the lower half of the healthy BMI range.  I am also tall for a woman - 5 foot 8.   It is also really difficult to accurately calculate body fat, so for all normal people who are not professional bodybuilders it is far more reliable and useful to go with weight to height ratio.   
Don't listen to 'em, *I* believe in you! Practice a healthy lifestyle long enough and it just becomes the norm. 
Good for you! Nothing too serious, but better than I've ever done.I enjoy hiking, running, and biking but I've never actually played any team sports outside of gym class. 
100 meters? I can barely do 10 meters. But that is motivational, thank you.  
That's encouraging! I'm hoping to hit my goal weight where I don't look fat anymore, then start some lifting. 
Like they say, once a black belt, always a black belt. I definitely wouldn't be the person I am today without it.  
That's awesome! If I'd been able to train for 8 years I'd be pretty happy about it. I only got 4 years in. I had to choose between the management position at my job and being a student of Shaolin. Also there was some sexist shit and "don't post this kind of stuff on Facebook" and I was like BYE   I trained for more than a year to get from blue to green. They said they were much more stringent on everything compared to most other schools. I was and still am the only woman to get a green sash at their school.   I'm still really sad about leaving/getting kicked out (?? Not really sure which happened honestly)  
I'm sure there's somewhere you can find that'll let you join even with 15 years of not practicing. 
Start lifting now. It will speed the weight loss process.  
Somthing sounds fishy about that school. You shouldn't have to quit your job to keep advancing. We've had plenty of adults with full-time jobs and family commitments become black belts. They shouldn't have to work around your schedule 100% but if they're not willing to compromise because of the real world, something's up.  If you're ever interested in continuing, I'd recommend searching around for a different school. A good dojo imo is one that satisfies 3 conditions: (1) you actually learn to fight in a street situation, (2) doesn't just hand out black belts for nothing, and (3) also serves as kind of a 2nd family. Plus it's just good to know more than one martial art for real fight applications -- that's why MMA is a thing. 
To be honest high schoolers would probably slay me. Are the teams you join public or are they just school teams? 
I wouldn't have been able to make class a lot of the time. I realized later that my career advancement probably kind of pushed me that way. I need to be available when I'm needed, simple as that.  It's not the kind of school that has classes all the time. Class is 3 days a week. You go and train or you don't.   I'd like to try another school but they'd never take me back, and if they did it'd be way awkward. It'd be way awkward at all anyway.   I'm just rambling lol 
Completely public. Around half of my team goes to my (3500 student) school, and the other half goes to other schools. 
I get it. Life kinda pushed me out of the dojo too. At least you have your priorities straight 
I just screencapped this an sent it to my sister who is in her second year to become an RN! Thanks, should encourage her a bit!  
What's stopping you, if you don't mind me asking? 27 is nothing. I was at college with people in their 40's, and back in uni days one of the mature students was in his 60's easily.  It's never too late to go back :) 
I got my nursing degree at the age of 30. Great career! Both of you will do great! 
Damn, right! Thanks for wanting to serve, good luck to you too!  
It's demanding, long hours, and nurses practically run the hospitals as the physicians never seem to be around. 
It depends on where you live. The average annual salary for RNs in the US is $71,000. 
Sounds much like the information I was given today.  Mine is in southern Ontario - perhaps it's the same school... do you know Steve? ;) (all but that last part is legit) 
Thanks - this might just aid me in my next quest, finding the right fella post-divorce ;) 
One of my classmates at uni was in her 50's and had kids my age going to college. It was definitely harder for her because she had the family/job/keep shit together problem, but she seemed to be doing well for herself. I enjoyed having classes with her and the other nontraditional students because they were so disciplined. As a disciplined young adult it was nice to have people like me around. 
Yea, I've certainly thought about it. I've got a BFA in art and would want to go back to get a teaching degree. Might do it within the next few years. I'm getting married this June so my funds are a little tied up at the moment lol   My plan (eventually) is to go into the Junior College near my home and sit down with someone to explore my options.  
I was recently married too. I know the feeling!   When you are ready to go to school, make sure to contact their financial aid department to see if there is any way to secure some free money - scholarships, bursaries etc. We have a lot of people that don't take advantage of them and have literally $1,000s left over. I can't say the same for whatever school you're interested in, but it can't hurt to find out. 
Thanks for the tip. I'll be sure to keep that in mind!  
Asking about scholarships and bursaries? I'm not sure if it would be different in other countries or even provinces/states, but at my college we have a list of scholarships and bursaries listed on our website under our financial aid section. For students that are interested and want more detailed information, they would either drop-in or make an appointment with a Financial Aid representative to discuss them further. You would want to do this process before your schooling starts as there are typically deadlines for the application that can be months before the semester begins.  
Same here. Even if they are disagreeing with me so long as they aren't flat out insulting. 
Im only on reddit for a month or two and does that haha I've always been old school though! 
It's a weird habit, but I use it as a way to keep track of what I saw and read on reddit. I rarely ever downvote anyway. 
Yes I agree. It should at least be connected to the post or comment. 
I agree. As long as it's not an insult, bad trolling or something completely unrelated. 
Oh, my friend is just like this. Now matter if Facebook, Instagram or whatever. And when it comes to answering messages.....  However, I criticized him a few times, and now he's already getting way better. 
Hell yeah, I am the Reddit Karma Social Welfare departement! 
Oh, I just found it and tried to upvote it ;)) But it seems to be archived. 
Lol, at least try to make it connected to the subject of the post and you'll get upvotes :P  But don't forget to upvote my posts too! 
It's so great, I hope you have an equally great weekend! 
Yes, I had posts like these too. However, I tried too. 
Same! Especially when I don't really have anything to say in reply, I think I got into the habit on facebook and twitter and now I just do it here too.  
I would upvote "this"  But not the other two. As long as it's somehow connected to the post or is no insult. 
Yes! Something I was thinking of too, but forgot to mention! 
Sorry for you :(  Something like this drives me mad. 
I see this all the time in posts with words like terrorist, racist, etc.  Is there something about words ending in "t" that trips people up?   
Interacting is obviously the most important. Way more than simple upvote. 
I agree. It really has to be something I really really dislike with all my heart. 
Gold in my language means "downvote". You still want Gold? 
I know what you mean! I always upvote the parent comment or a question too, because without it a conversation would not even have started.. 
It depends a lot. If the opinion is expressed in an acceptable manner, I might upvote it. If it's something I don't agree with, I just ignore it. And if it's a comment I REALLY despise the last solution would be downvote. 
All you have to do is be civil and I'll like you. In fact, having a civil discussion with those who disagree with me can be a really pleasant and even memorable experience.  
Exactly! That's another benefit from it. I realise this on posts that come out BIG. 
Haha yeah it's an oldie. I was pretty surprised it got so popular, I guess people are attracted to threads titled "I upvote almost everything" haha 
Haha sweet, I thought you were gonna burn me for a second 
Me too. Different sub but I still got downvoted for asking an honest question. Not as bad as you, but it still hurt. Questions should never be downvoted unless they insult or belittle something. :( 
I don't think I have ever had a post have so many replies it overwhelmed me, but CC replies are the best replies. 
Absolutely. I would never learn anything if I only listened to people who agree with me.   
Plus, another benefit of using RES is it keeps track of your upvotes. So if I ever see another user with a green +1 next to their name, I immediately think I must've already read/liked something s/he said before! It's always a nice surprise. 
9 months ago  you must have felt the same way like me at the moment. I never imagined it would get so many upvotes ;) 
Never would I ever not upvote these honorable redditors that answer to my posts! 
I do the same. I just did an ask reddit about this. We need to upvote those with contrary opinions to us or else the comment tree will not show up. If we upvote those we disagree with, the whole thing will be more likely to be read, and replied to. 
Lol. I actually wasn't particularly active in the community aspect for a long time. Just as a source for information. So I missed out on most of it. 
Isn't that what you already mentioned?   Oh I just googled what RES is. Wait, does RES make upvotes green, or are you colourblind? The upvotes are red...  If not, go visit r/colorblind  Edit 1: Ohhh, never mind! I just read your conversation with u/puttysan . Now everything makes sense.  Edit 2: I just downloaded RES. How can you see the green upvotes? 
To me this is how I pay respect to the other individual. Small and symbolical gesture.   Where are you from? 
Haha yeah but now I have a few posts that scored higher :p free updoots! 
Haha wasn't expecting that, thanks brah I think I'll be good   +1 
T_D's mammoth sized leak makes me way less willing unfortunately. They ruin so many threads  
Alright. Yes just like me. But you know, here and there I visit some funny subs. A few memes never hurt nobody. 
I will keep that in mind.  But we are making our way through Harry Potter first!  
Regarding the second edit, the upvote count only includes the times you've upvoted someone while using RES, so you won't start seeing it until you've used it for a bit. 
Yep I also have other posts with even more upvotes :) 
It's a shame, really. T_D started out as trolls that were actually making fun of the fact Chetto Tinyhands was even running. Now it's just bots and shitposting for easy karma.  
I'm pretty out of touch with memes, but I love critter pictures and learning. 
That's a long journey. I saw the first couple, then got bored. 
I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. :) I'm by far the most active on this sub, because I love the community.  
It is rather wild how it 180'd. I'm curious how many of the current mods either came after the flip or embraced it  
I use it mostly for the custom front-page but contribute occasionally. 
That's a good thing! Whenever I see your posts, they are always so positive. Keep up the good work :) 
Actually I was born and grew up in the capital - Sofia. Though ?I live in the suburbs it is still an urban area.   What made you think I had been living in the rural area?  
Ah alright! No problem. I thought maybe both of us are "nicer" because we grew up in a rather rural area. I mean people in the countryside set great value upon saying "thank you" or greeting people I assume ;)  btw.: Austrian Villages and the Austrian Countryside is different from the one in Bulgaria. You probably know better, but in documentations it often looked like the Bulgarian countryside was very poor :) 
Bad askredditor, no lurking. Mandated chatting for all.  
I'm glad you came! We're going to have so much fun together!  
Is anyone even capable of being mean when everyone's so nice?   What's the worst this sub has seen? 
No, thank you for visiting! This subreddit is awesome! 
Bacon pancakes? Wait, that's a thing? Why have I not heard of this delicious food before?    
Since this thread made it to /r/all too, I don't think there'll be a shortage of people to talk to! 
We already had automod set up before thanks to some default mod friends. Oh I've def had experience of a growth like this. I predicted this sub will be p much askreddit unless we do some heavy modding. We're working on some new guidelines and rules coming uo very soon. 
Very top right hand corner. It's in the "casual conversation" banner. 
I'm sure your day will be full neat surprises, just like you are to me being in this sub! I hope you stay! 
I really hope you stick around, Wazer! We could really use more awesome people like you!  
foggy right now. it was cloudy yesterday and will be overcast tomorrow.  
just post whatever you want! As long as it's not racist,sexist,etc. 
Same here, I didn't even bother reading the other answers in the thread ! It seems all warm and peaceful here :D 
*casually pulls down lurker cloak* but social conversation scares me.  
One time a guy just went insane but a few hours after he came and made apologies. 
Pancake batter on the hot griddle. Sprinkle chopped, crispy, bacon on top. Cook. Smother with butter and syrup. Die happy.  Also good with grape or strawberry jam on top. Another variation is bacon *and* banana slices in the batter.  
It's ok...you've come to the right place.  *gives /u/PkmnTrainerJpesky a hug* 
while letting all the air out of everyone's tyres? 
Ah, you're from the UK too? Whereabouts, if you don't mind me asking? 
Ok I got a color now too. Does it mean anything? Wait don't tell me I'm just going to inadvertently comment around giving some sort of an impression I don't know about 
I actually like the staged parts. It always makes me laugh! Top Gear U.S., blah, lame. 
Shetland Islands originally, but moved to Aberdeen a few years ago. What about yourself?  
I've been down in Cornwall for the past few years. It's nice down here, but no where near hilly enough. 
Aw thanks :)  Congrats on getting active! Yeah loads of people slack a bit at Christmas (me included), but you're right, it will be much easier to restart this time round. Good luck! 
Lovely to hear! I am making a new 2016 thread later on so feel free to post your resolutions there. 
Thank you so much for the kind words and the gold!  Happy New Year friend :) 
I am making a new 2016 thread later today, feel free to post them there! 
Thanks! I didn't use a bot (wouldn't know how to!) but I copied and pasted the below text and just filled in each username, link URL and goal.  -----  /u/  Exactly one year ago in the New Year Megathread, I asked you what's one thing you wanted to achieve by 31st Dec 2015. I said I would message you on the 31st to see if you completed it. Well, today's the day!  [Your goal was:]()  ** 
Why stop masterbating? Is there a specific reason? 
Good job on staying out of hospital, I hope the fireworks aren't bad!  I am making a new 2016 thread later today, feel free to post your new resolutions there! 
At least you tried!  Sounds like a great goal to me though, best of luck! 
I will be checking in with you this time next year ;)  Best wishes for 2016!   
Yo, could I PM you if I decide to go there? I'm applying in a few days. 
You need another 60 days just to satisfy the deliverable you already committed to last year? According to the Gantt chart you have an obvious resource constraint on the project. Why would you have had only one mother dedicated to this?    Assigning another 120 women to this gestation would get it done in 12 hours, but we only have 3 consultants available at 100%, I think we can get that wunderkind Alice from Bob's team on this after 6 if we get it catered. Let me handle that. And the rest you're just going to have to make up in efficiency. I think you're going to like the new IDE the consultants are bringing along. All right, good meeting! 
Absolutely, you've come a long way and you should be very proud. Hopefully you'll be able to run next year! 
Fuckin high five!, now for the 2016 resolution "first interracial orgy furry play party"  
That's brilliant progress, well done!  You're welcome! 
Your first paragraph was one of the best written,most well balanced and uplifting reviews of a moment in someone's life I've ever read. It showed progress, maturity,  happiness and a great outlook on life.  Your second paragraph was a kick in the teeth, negative thinking that you don't need and will set you back.  I don't know you but tell second paragraph guy to sod off and get his head out of his arse.  Be first paragraph guy, he's awesome. 
Congrats on the job! What is it you'd like to improve about your self image?  My pleasure   
Wow, it's awesome that you wrote another novel! Honestly, that just gives you more chances to get something out there that people might love! Great job :) 
Glad to hear things are going well for you! Where did you travel? One of my favourite quotes is: *Life begins at the end of your comfort zone*.  Happy to be of service :) 
Well if you achieved part of your goals, then you achieved, regardless of how much. Good job! 
Slightly better is better than stagnant! You're welcome, hope you either get your boss' job or get another great job in 2016. Best of luck! 
That's great news, well done on getting the grades!  Thank you, same to you :) 
Big congrats to you! Good luck finishing your book, I've got no doubt you'll do it :) 
Well he's not on reddit,so he's making the best of his time 
Damn, it's too bad hardly anyone read your comment. Good luck with your apartment though :) 
dou natta ka oshiete kudasai*  ("Please let us know how it turned out / what happened") 
2016 is your year! Choose two or three goals instead to make it more manageable :) 
Something a lot of successful people have in common is they didn't stop after their first project didn't take off. They'll start a new project. And that will fail. Then they'll start another, and another, and even though they all fail eventually one won't fail. 
That's unfortunate about your knee, but hopefully you'll be able to complete it in 2016! 
That's great to hear, congrats on achieving your goal!  To 2016! 
You're most welcome.  It definitely sounds like you've come a long way from last year! And absolutely booking a trip to Tokyo is rather crazy, I would know as I went there myself a few months ago!! It is AMAZING, you'll have a blast. 
That's wonderful to hear! My pleasure :)  I had a fantastic year thanks, I went travelling for a bit and managed to tick quite a few things off my bucket list (travel solo, Tokyo, Kyoto, Bullet Train, Rome, Vatican City, see the Pope, Florence, Vienna) and I graduated with the highest mark on my degree course.   Happy New Year 
Well, let me put it in terms most are familiar with here:  I appreciate the forward thinking and truly considerate fashion in which you took time out of your own busy life to inquire about other's and to go even further by revisiting these people and showing how you took a genuine interest in their lives - a year after the fact.  That speaks volumes of the character you posses and regardless what your motivation was for doing it, I find it a net gain towards your character as an individual.  How's that for code switching it up for ya? :P 
Thanks you so much. I really need someone like you to hold me accountable (to some degree).  See you in a year! Hopefully I'm a ~~golden god~~ healthier weight by then. :) 
I had managed to lose about 25lbs early this year. Exercising 3-4 days a week, watching what I ate, eating smaller meals, etc, but due to some major stress ended up gaining it back and then some.  Today I'm gonna splurge with my family, then tomorrow I'm back on the wagon.  I'm kicking this things ass one way or another. 
This sounds like it could become a tradition, then get really fucking depressing.  And I'm selling the screenplay! 
Feel free to PM me as well. I've done alumni interviews for Penn for the past 10 years or so.  
Haha, this comment is giving me some serious flashbacks to recent meetings I've had in which non-engineers have made buzzword-filled requests for tasks with impossible deadlines. 
Thanks :)!   And if you want to be really technical about it, in my original comment last year I never specified that I wanted to have 100% of a baby, or what species the baby had to be, so I feel like I can slide by on the technicality that I have a human baby who is about 76% done, and earlier this year we adopted a puppy, aka a dog baby. 
Yeah, do not share your bit on reddit. At all. Your sharing needs to happen at a club, not on here where something that could propel you into a different career path could be stolen at whim. Just two cents from someone who has walked that road :)  
That was the best reply to the best comment. You said everything I was thinking as I read his comment :) You're right, first paragraph guy *is* awesome! What an adventure, there were ups and downs, laughter, tears, and the enlightenment at the end made it all seem really wholesome and worthwhile. /u/originalone !! Shake off those neg feelings and go kick ass at life some more!   e: werds 
You can definitely kick the smoking! Make sure you use a proper vape setup and not the disposable gas station e-cigs. Trust me there's a huge difference. Check out r/vape or one of the other vaping subreddits. Tons of good info. Good luck! 
I think he meant he achieved 1 out of his 3 goals, no? 
There's a line in a Girls episode where she is told to get outside her comfort zone because, "that's where the magic happens," and it's basically become a mantra for my wife and I.  
The funny thing is I don't even care about it anyomore. 
I got a higher paying job with more hours so it was more achievable! How did your resolutions go? 
I'd prefer to believe he got the SO earlier this year, but she was actually crazy and they broke up after a month or so. She then went on to reddit stalk him and he had to jump ship for a new username.  
Will do. I know i can finish ASOIF, watch  more movies, and read more books. This is the year. 
Thanks! And thanks for all you do with the resolutions and such! 
I have to have my 15:56 2 mile run in national guard. So I can just tell you it sucks. But all I do is I run every day. I don't beat myself up if I miss a day. But if I miss two days then I feel bad. I just have to keep working at it, because running has always sucked for me.  I use an app called map my run that tracks your course and how far you go. I use it to try new routes, find out where I want to go and how far it is. It's pretty nice to just go without the intention of saving anything for the trip back sometimes too; run the 2 miles and walk back.  Not OP but I thought I would share what I do. 
*Don't Die*   The true story of /u/myprivatepornaccount   ^by ^/u/alex3omg  
Dude you just answered a huge question for me.  My new boss seems like he's afghani or something but he's not, and someone said he's from China or that the Chinese took his family's land.  Maybe he's one of these guys.  An upvote.   
You're totally welcome. Thanks for being cool about me using your ethnicity for karma! 
*How To Win Friends & Influence People* by Dale Carnegie. If you haven't read it yet, I highly recommend the book! I avoided it for years because the title sounds like "How To Mind Fuck People Into Liking You, Mwahaha!" But it's really about how to establish genuine and meaningful relationships with people (and how that helps you in the business realm, especially if you're a door-to-door salesman, but never mind that, the whole book is applicable to all forms of human interaction). 
If I put all the people who didn't like me in that room, u/SKR47CH wouldn't be bored after all the whiles. 
As a nurse, I'm not quite sure how that goes. But hey, I've been known to be wrong before! 
While I wouldn't steal it for profit, I'd totally do the jokes at social functions. 
thats probably coz you suck at letter q I know because also did I. also y and  x and c. 
Sounds like a great year for you!  Mine went very well thank you, I went travelling and ticked quite a few things off my bucket list (travel solo, Tokyo, bullet train, Kyoto, Rome, Vatican City, see the Pope, Florence, Vienna) and I graduated with the highest marks on my degree course.   Here's to 2016! 
Can i suggest joining us at /r/52in52 if you have an hour a day free that you can spend reading books?  
I'm training to be able to pass the Army PFT.  Yea I figured it was just running.  I started training at the beginning of the year.  My 1st 2 mile of the year was like 44 min.  I was super out of shape. 
And you gave him your only one?  Awww, that's so nice! 
Ask him about the food.  The Uigher community has their own style of cuisine and it is delicious. 
Ayy no worries, every time I hear about Uighurs it's usually some knife fighting in Western China, it's nice to have some jokes for a change! 
Ah, very true! Or I guess to be even more specific, I have approximately 76% of a baby. 
Trust me. You can impress people with this knowledge! 
Good luck if you go with japanese or cantonese. Im half japanese with a mother who immigrated here when she was 25, all i really know is bare bones basic phrases and the general gist of japanese coversation. As someone with english as a first language, japanese is probably one of the most difficult to learn 
He often goes on about food and said European food sucked.  He said kebabs and Turkish food was good but for whatever reason he's never really said where he's from.  He speaks something that doesn't quite sound like Arabic.  He's definitely Muslim and has family all over the world.  I think he's one of these upvote people.   
Too bad I just finished my maternity rotation. Would have been a good question to ask labouring moms 
Uh guys uighurs are an ethnic minority in china  Anyways happy new year everyone 
Yes he almost certainly is. To confirm, you should buy and give him a special Uighur hat and see if he recognizes it when you give it to him. Lol. They are kinda squarish shaped small hats. Google "Uighur hat" and you'll see it.   
Why not just drink the water salty? I guess it's for weaklings who don't like the taste of salt... 
It's definitely a great way to encourage upvoting. Noice! 
Ohhh that's what those were for! Hahaaha I'm going to up vote everything looking for this is sparta! 
Right?! I generally upvote everyone in the conversation I'm in, this is a nice bonus incentive to spread the love though! :) 
I got "This is Sparta" almost right away.  Merry Christmas! 
I'll take credit :) bc I've been adding a few new things to the CSS.  
if you take away the upvote then upvote again the message pops up again 
I was not the mod who actually wrote in any of the comments, so I'm not responsible! ;) Perhaps /u/tizorres can change that for us? 
Hey now, she also mods /r/magicskyfairy where they do science stuff on a daily basis. 
Oh, weird it doesn't show up for /u/TruthfulDeception then, and I assumed it was a Windows thing, because I only see them on my Windows Phone and laptop (windows 8) I used my brothers macbook once and it didn't show them :O 
I hope your cat comes back :( waiting and hoping for him to walk back through your door must be terrible. Good feels your way :) 
See, now I feel a bit bad.  My dog was found on the street and no one came to claim her at the pound after several weeks, so we got first pick for adopting her.  What if her family still misses her and wants her back?  Then again she was found without a collar and is a breed of dog that tends to be abandoned according to Wikipedia. 
He's been very hesitant around the other cats and there has been some hissing so I don't believe they do which is sad. I think he does? He certainly recognised my Dad, none of the cats really like my Dad as he's loud and Benjie wouldn't go near him, and to me that says he recognises us?   I can't get enough cuddles he must be sick of me!  
Yes he's microchipped! I'm amazed it even worked! It's so weird having him back home.   I think it shows that getting your pet chipped could end in a happy reuniting 
Had to go away for a bit. She was a changed cat after her near death experience, had to leave and be alone to sort through all her thoughts and ruminate on what it means to be alive. 
My dog would get out constantly by digging his way out, we ended up filling up the part under my neighbors fence with concrete, he hasn't gotten out since unless someone gives him a way. 
Yes he's microchipped, it's so worth getting done.   We asked around and the carpet fitter had rang the neighbour whose house he was working at as a cat had bolted out the back of his van but we only found this out by asking around.   My Mum thought that they had either found Benjie dead or he was alive as its not the vets we normally go to. But it turns out he's alive! She was given the details of the lady who had been feeding him and we went up to go see her and thank her. She was a little upset to see him go as he's a lovely cat but we're going to send her some flowers and a photo of him  
A long time ago my cat had a litter of kittens, and my aunt adopted one of them. She named him Hemingway.  Hemingway was an asshole.  He took advantage of their kind, elderly neighbor once he found out she put out food for the neighborhood strays. He would enter her house uninvited and beg to be fed. If she didn't move fast enough (which she rarely did after her hip surgery) he would bite her ankles to try to kick her into gear. My aunt did her best to correct, or at least mitigate, his dickish behavior, but he was resilient. I don't know why the neighbor put up with him, but she apparently didn't mind, and he ended up spending more time there than at my aunt's house. 
Sadly I got rid of any litter he used before, but that would have been a great idea. I've been out every night shaking treats and calling his name, I've attracted all sorts of other cats except him..I have hung up posters of him but no one has called about it. If you know any other tips please let me know!   I miss him so deeply. He's been an indoor cat most of his life, he adjusted the outdoors really well but it rained one night when he went outside and I had unfamiliar family over and I think he lost sent of home, that's my guess at least..  
No hes not chipped, I asked about chipping him once we find him but I was told it's only got for identifying them at shelters and not actually tracking where they are..   I've told many neighbours to check their garages, friendly neighbours from a few blocks away are doing the same thing, and I said in a previous comment, theirs a very nice older woman who leaves her garage door open a crack and puts cat food out for strays. I'm hoping he goes there and I just keep missing him because he's always on the move.. 
That's so sweet, I can imagine how happy you must have been seeing them again :') This is what I'm hoping. I leave the back door light on every night for him, I hope one day I wake up and he's sitting outside waiting for me to let him in. I will be so over the top happy to see my little guy again it'll be the best day of my life.  
Oh lord my heart aches thinking about him surviving through the winter without me. Don't scare me like that :(  But you give me hope, people are right when they say they are good at taking care of themselves, I love him like crazy I just have worried mother syndrome lol  
I have a feeling raccoons or other animals/cats will get to it first  
Look at it this way, you've just taken a lost dog home so even if he is technically still owned by someone else you're still doing the right thing by taking him in and giving him a home. You are his new family and I bet he's happy with you.  
OP you should totally see if you can personally thank that old lady! She took care of your cat and kept him fed. I'm sure she's worried as well or just wants to make sure he's safe and info like that can be nice when people are sick 
My son named him.  Indy blows me away.  I swear he talks.  He has a different meow for different situations.  When he wants something and he can't get it himself he chatters at us and gently bops us with his huge paws.  Also, he can open up doors and the fridge.  We put a chair in front of it or he will go and graze all night long.  My son is a quiet person, reserved and has had to deal with some sad stuff.  So losing Indy was so hard on him.  When Indy came home it was pure joy for them.  Still makes me cry. 
We consider him a miracle.  The thing that pains me most is how close he was and how lonely he must have been.  There is a window in the house he was trapped in that looks straight towards ours.  I wonder if he sat looking through it.  He is such a people cat, it must have been hell.  Thanks for your kind words. 
I probably wouldn't stop cuddling him for a week. Honestly though really happy for you guys. Hope they get along better.  
There are many animals that live longer outside of captivity. I don't think cats are usually one of them, but this cat has a lot of free land to wander, and there aren't any other cats nearby except her son (and they're always together).   We also put out some amount of food every week or two so she can stay well fed (not so much she'll stop hunting, though).   She was also technically an indoor cat for the first few months of her life until she got big enough to stay outside, so she might have some shots, but I can't really remember. Regardless she hasn't been inside a house for two decades. 
Oh, I see --so she looked after him for the last six years, took him to the vet and discovered he was chipped? Had she taken him in, or just fed him as a stray? 
Someone in the neighborhood may have also taken him in. I hope you find him. I've experienced something similar and it's a horrible feeling being separated from a pet so abruptly.  
I mean cats spend a lot of time letting you know they don't need you :p 
I actually agree. I love my dogs fiercely, but if one of them got lost and would never make his way back home, I would vastly prefer he ended up in another loving household. 
My app thinks the comma is part of the URL, that may be your problem 
I never knew cat hierarchy was a thing. I always presumed the cats got on or didn't. How does it work with cats? 
I'd never seen that sub before but now that I've checked it out I can see why you'd suggest it. Just based on the name it sounded like you were taking a jab at OP. 
A lot of people have been saying that and I'm starting to think that, I would rather someone be taking care of him then he's hurt or stuck somewhere hungry :(  And if that is the situation I hope they give him back to me! He's very affectionate and unique, a lot of people love him.. 
My first dog was a Maltese, crazy to think it's a common breed to abandon because I loved the crap out of her 
Cats are a pack animal just like lions. It takes some time figuring out where they belong in the "pride". Sometimes they get along, sometimes they don't, but there's always a pecking order.  
Yeah, I keep forgetting how it sounds. This isn't the first time this happened to me. I should put up more information next time. lol 
Like the other person said, it might be worth going around and asking your neighbors. When our cat went missing, it turned out a guy on the other street had taken him in. Our cat is mean, however, so he ended up bringing him to a shelter haha 
Ah, makes sense. It's a shame he was trapped for so long. When he leaves at 7 with the cats, do they walk your son to school? It would be cute if they left when he did. 
I've left my name and number at all the shelters around my area, and I've told my neighbours to. I've talked to some people a couple blocks away from me and gave them some posters of him.  The more I get his face out the more someone is bound to see him   
He doesn't wear a collar or anything, he's so incredibly adorable anyone would want him as a pet. If that is the case, I'm hoping he's being fed and taken care of and he's dry and warm. I hope whoever brought him in their home gives him back to me ):  I wrote on my 'missing' posters that "he is very much loved and missed and we want him to come home" 
No, they usually hang out in the garden, sometimes they wander down to the creek, but they prefer human company for that.  
Mine doesn't wear a collar either because he hates them. I hate that people have to do this, but offering a reward might prompt people to return him faster if they are keeping him. 
I think I will have to start offering a reward :(  
Honestly no time like the present, strike while the iron's hot ya dig.  Just don't be one of those freaks that lashes out like a complete asshole if you're rejected cuz that's not cool at all. 
I have almost exclusively been calling it "the fart air" so don't sweat it 
Holy shit that's gotta be one of the nicest things I've ever read.  You rule. 
I've heard Day9 use it from time to time. Maybe that's where OP got it from. 
Dude no kidding, I was wondering if I was just some goofy outlier or if it's always gonna feel like high school for those few minutes where you're wanting to tell a girl how you feel.  I'm pretty sure it would have been 100x smoother if I had just done it in person tho, so I'm just going with that from now on.  I didn't even consider texting her again when she didn't respond cuz it was like "well, she's either at work or got freaked the fuck out enough to never speak to me again" lmao.  And MAN thanks for that middle sentence you have no idea how much that means to me.  I've had some seriously pervasive issues with self-loathing that has paralyzed me from approaching women so, so many times.  Being able to climb over that wall is legitimately a huge deal for me. 
Oh yeah totally.  We talked a little bit about the whole "don't want it to get weird if it doesn't work out" scenario so I wanna make it as easygoing as possible.  I'm a simple dingus so all I know is how to be myself anyway, and like you said if that was good enough then hopefully I'm all set. 
Right on man that's hilarious lmao.  I've just been a goddamn beacon of positive vibes all day.  Glowing like a motherfucker due in no small part to how awesome the people in this sub are 
Oh no I totally agree.  I learned a long time ago not to do that.  I'm definitely nervous but not... freaking out I guess.  Let's say cautiously optimistic??  We've hung out 1 on 1 enough that I'm already sure that it's gonna be awesome.  Just a matter of not doing something catastrophically dumb I guess, whatever the hell that could even be. 
I wasn't planning on telling her over text messages so it'll have to wait a few days haha. She's coming over next Thursday, maybe I'll tell her then.  And no worries on the anger part, I'm not like that thankfully. I've been rejected before by someone else, I can handle it!  
Hey thanks! Wouldn't that just be the most amazing thing :) I can't wait to find out!  
I don't know how long that means you won't see her, but why not invite her to meet up somewhere to do something fun together? Thinking back I've done that too. We had a two week break so I invited her to go play pool and it was really fun! Plus, you can use that to gauge her interest in you a bit.  
Doing it in person is definitely the recommended way. Feelings are difficult to convey accurately through messages and they can be misinterpreted. It's not a bad thing to have the butterflies; it probably means you're not too jaded out by the world of dating, haha.  I'm glad that you've overcome that barrier! I'm sure your friend sees something good in you or else she wouldn't say yes to the date. If you think about it, no one would consider someone that they feel like they're 'settling' for. For all you know, she might be hoping that she doesn't screw up the date tomorrow! We're all rooting for you! 
yes, but your name is dongbroker.  What is the story behind that? 
Aaaahhh, that's exactly the right mindset!!!     You're going to have a great time.     Congratulations....    
I was afraid of the same things for a while until i learned how god damn real this girl is. we have so many laughs together. I hope you guys have a good time. Rooting for ya 
Yeah.  Smart.  The text message thing was dumb as hell on my part.  All it did was amplify the anxiety of the situation like tenfold.  Plus I'm better with my mouthwords than my... fingerwords?  Whatever I'm dumb but you got this man it's gonna go well for sure.  FOR SURE 
Well she lives about 2 hours away from me, but she's gonna be volunteering at a camp all summer, that's about 8 hours away. I did manage to meet and have dinner with her day before yesterday (I was on my way out of town and was passing through where she lives) and we both had a good time. She leaves for camp this week, and gets back two weeks before classes start.  
Well this is interesting, around here my friends use "holy fuckaroni", with macaroni. I had no idea there were other versions haha 
Totally agree.  I'm a pretty emotive person so it's hard to get that feeling across in texts for sure.  Def was not the plan. 
Just wanted you to know that I'm totally stealing "fingerwords" when talking about things like this. That was awesome!  
Aw, that's not easy. I guess beside texting there isn't much to do. All I can think of is video chatting maybe. Be sure to make use of those two weeks between camp and school :)  
I like it, this one actually rolls off the tongue a little bit better 
Ahaha I feel that dude.  When I finally hit send I literally threw my phone down and went for a run without even checking to see if the dang message sent because the idea of sitting there waiting to hear my phone beep was making me borderline nauseous. 
I was just browsing the top posts and came across this, I was intrigued, if a bit late :P  That does sound like a lot of fun, I can see why you'd be nervous about doing anything when it seems like you've already got such a good gig going. However, that does sound like youre already pretty close and maybe she wouldn't totally against the idea anyway...   If you really do want something more, do yourself (and maybe her) a favour and don't wait too long, you may regret it. I'm nobody to tell you what to do, but that's definitely what I'd say to myself if I could speak to past me. Good luck :) 
Yeah for sure. Like I said we're really close friends but I don't know if she sees me in any other way. Guess we'll just have to wait and find out!  
Yuupp that sounds pretty much like the time I asked her to go to the movies with me. Texting can be the most exciting thing ever sometimes. 
Top posts huh, I didn't realize this thread got so big haha.   But you're absolutely right, I shouldn't wait too long. I'm still figuring out the how and when and where in my head, but in the meantime I'll just keep having her come over as much as I can. After next week we won't have to worry about college anymore either for a few months, so that should give me all the time I need for that!  But I appreciate the advice! It's in line with what some friends have been telling me. I just gotta do it.  
Always happy to help :) Nice long summer without college, plenty of time to make your move. Good luck man, I hope it goes well for you :) 
Thanks! Since this thread is apparently so high on the top posts I'll leave an update here once I've made my move. I'm forgetful as hell though so if future readers here don't see any update, don't worry, just pretend it all went well and I just forgot to update :) 
It's about two pages down on top posts of all time. I just tend to read all posts in that for a subreddit, then ignore the sub again for another year haha. Hopefully there's no need to pretend, but good luck :) 
Also in college. I honestly try not to really remember that the person I was in high school was actually me. Literally every moment of my life then pisses me off now and its just tough to think back to that. 
Hahaha, you sound a lot like me.   I don't know if I'd say crazy.. to me crazy is when your mental state overwhelms your morals and intentions in a negative way. To me I'd say you're just a perfectionist and someone who's decided to make a change. It may be a difficult and intense approach, and therapy wouldn't hurt.. but as long as your intentions are good I wouldn't call it crazy :) 
There's a podcast called 'That Was Us' where the guests reflect on old emails or letters they sent. It's really funny and all about the cringe! Makes me feel like the past is more endearing as opposed to embarrassing 
A friend of mine once said that he's never experienced a two year stretch in his life where he didn't look back on his two-years-previous-self and think *damn, I can't believe I was such an idiot.*  I found this admission of his very freeing. 
Yes exactly!! Well said. For me its become kind of paralyzing.  
oh well that's good! not necessarily what i was talking about but I'm glad you're feeling positive about the steps and choices you've made!  
Most of the emails I receive are missing entire words and have incorrect verb tenses. Many are missing all context as they're sent with no words at all, just an attachment.  Everyone I work with is an adult.  Thank you for learning that. 
Thanks for sharing your experience.  As I was reading your words I was nodding my head.  I can definitely relate.    If you've never read it, see if your library has a copy of Elizabeth Lesser's "Broken Open.  How Difficult Times Can Help Us Grow."  It struck a chord with me and has become one of my favourite books... all dog-eared and with numerous notations.  You just might find it an interesting read.     
I love that!! Great quote! Thank you for sharing it  
*"You may not always end up where you thought you were going, but you will always end up where you were meant to be."*    The version you are right now is not only great, it's *perfect*.  Perfect in this moment in time.  It's exactly where you are supposed to be.    It's your launchpad to the future.  It's the foundation for things to come.    The fact that you have the self-awareness to entertain the idea of creating a better version of yourself puts you miles ahead of most people.    So be patient and be kind with your self-talk.  Remember, the most important relationship you'll have in life is the one you have with yourself.    
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Anxiety and paranoia are always bad, even if "just" for yourself. 
For what it's worth, I agree with you. I am a very analytical person and tend to come across mean, or bitchy. I'm a 27 year old woman and the expectation at work is for me to be sweet and bubbly all the time. So I've had to learn how to fake the "bubbles" because it's what people want.   I make it work for me by making it like a puzzle in my head that I need to solve (how do I approach this person?) , rather than try to understand why people need to feel good all the time.   I realize after typing this you could probably diagnose me with some kind of personality disorder but in my real life, I'm not bad at all! It's just in emails/when I'm working on an issue at work, I get very focused and forget the human aspect.  
No problem! I saw your post and immediately thought of this quote. I often look back on my former self and wonder how different I was or why did I even do the things I did. I think it's the self-reflective nature that we should come to appreciate about ourselves and see how far we've grown and how much further we have to go. I'm still fairly young at 27, but I can't wait for what else my future holds.  
Simple training, in school you are not trained to write requests with flowing praise for people who haven't even done anything yet.  
What is wrong with "You have a function here, serve it?" 
Generally, but not always, those colossal fuck ups and mistakes made in our youth are stepping stones to learning.    If you don't make the mistake and learn the lesson when you're young, chances are it'll happen later in life when the consequences have more impact.    So even when you were a stupid kid, you were smart to learn whatever the lesson was, early.    Pat yourself on the back! 
Yeah, studying engineering really beat the creative writing ability out of me.  It's hard for me to even spice up a simple reddit post, haha.  
because it provides no sense of appreciation for the listener's assistance. it's not their job (necessarily) to help you.   You were the one hired for the job. appreciate peoples help and show them that you do with your words and your actions. 
perhaps, but i bet this would greatly depend on the environment and industry. I am one who will often help my colleagues, but i need to not be afraid of asking for help myself too when i need it.   it's great to be good at your job, but if you can't share that knowledge with co-workers, nor even work well as a team member, your value is severly limited. and for those who want to harbour their knowledge for job security won't find it that way.   in fact, i replaced the former person in this position and one major reason is that he was very closed off and didn't offer support, or help and no one knew what he did. things that were under his responsibility never came to a crashing halt, but he was very secretive. now he's unemployed and i got a promotion and a pay raise. 
If only we could actually learn from the experience of others... 
lol just about, but I waited until we were off of Skype.  
I think I'm being very clear, what I'm asking. Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing? 
Tess, my favorite fashion woman! I'm currently in England and it's great and all but I CAN'T EXPRESS MYSELF (fashion wise) BECAUSE I NEED TO WEAR A THICK WINTER JACKET. 
Good poem! But it could be heavily improved by saying "so fluently" rather than "such fluently." Such just sounds weird.  I really like the last paragraph (stanza?) though, it's got some damn good flow to it. Great job! 
I'm hoping we have a non-traditional wedding too. I dreamt about it once. It was fantasy-ish, but not in that over-the-top cheesy way.  
We met on World of Warcraft. We've been together in person a few times. I'll be visiting her again soon.  
We've been together in person a few times. She looks just as amazing in person as she does on Skype.  
It was a lot of things. She's just so accepting of me, flaws and all. I feel so comfortable being myself and being open with her because I know she isn't judging me. We have a lot in common, but we also have a ton of differences and that makes things interesting. She makes me want to be a better person and thinking of her just makes me push myself to do well. I just can't put into words how I feel about her.  
Thank you for the downvotes. I have faith that all of the downvoters were actually telling me not to go ahead with this marriage. Your downvotes worked and I am glad to say I called it off.  I bought the ring locally for much less and gave it to my meemaw instead :) Merry Xmas everyone! 
Damn OP, sounds like you need to deactivate your Facebook, lawyer up, and hit the gym. Just in case.  
Hahahaha it's so true! The winter you have 1 outfit, the same boots and coat and jeans lol. 
Good point. Now that I look at it, such is starting to appear strange. Thanks! \^\_\^ 
How long have you known each other? How long has it been since the first time you met in person? What made you decide to propose over skype instead of the next time you see her? 
OK cool. You should've knocked on her door and surprised her though. 
This is my favorite comment ever. This is amazing. Thank you.  
And here I thought buying a cheap fancy looking ring for going out would save me from being bothered :( 
Deactivate the gym, hit the lawyer, and Facebook up! 
I don't think it's self-defeating. I'm an extremely confident person but I feel like my girlfriend is way too good for me. Just way out of my league. I just think she's so amazing. I told her I thought this about her the other day and she laughed because she said she thought the same thing about me. I don't know what you'd call it but I definitely don't think it's self defeating. 
It *is* self-defeatist if you're saying you're not worthy of her. It's saying that you're not worthy of having someone awesome, and you are. I'm glad you have someone who makes you happy. 
Oh buddy. You gotta think about this a bit further. Live with her throughout the honeymoon phase and into normality. Give this more time, man.  
Don't we all. I only watched up to 50 first dates willingly. And in hindsight, even the movies I liked were awful. 
I used to love click, but know, watching it when im older, it is a god awful movie 
It bothers me because people who act like that, without realizing it, are disrespectful to their friends, or too carefree to consider their actions. Everything could go well, or not. It's like they're chasing someone based on some grand ideal of themselves, instead of respecting the time they could additionally spend with their friends.   If you truly love the person, and you wouldn't treat them differently if you were to move on, then it probably doesn't apply.  I got so fixated on the strange level of respect and awe, that person was describing his wife with. I'm just speculating, for a particular character, possibly unrelated.  So, for example, two people who really look forwards to being with each other, this does not apply. They end up finding little gaps of time to always be with each other, that their focus isn't solely to replace others, intentionally or not. 
Aw that's sweet. It's those little things that put a smile on your face. 
That sounds amazing, and then the end made me feel incredibly sad. But it sounds like you had a great relationship and that's all one could ever ask for. 
Aw that's cool. I can picture this as a final scene to the series finale of some family sitcom or something. 
Wow 6 years? What kept you two away from each other for so long? 
Oh definitely. His birthday is this week as well as father's day so it's perfect timing to give him something special.  
I made little paper golf clubs in school. I found out he still has them on his desk. :) 
In addition to this: having anything at all hanging from the rearview mirror can constitute obstruction of vision and get you pulled over or a ticket.  
"Make a new song out of clanking metal"   That little image made me giggle (even though it's not a good thing for the car) 
Oh yea, I was a Daddy's girl & he secretly confessed one time that I was his favorite kid. haha. As an adult I loved sitting around having conversations with him & he was often my go-to when I needed advice. 
I came to Japan with my mom and sister about 8, 9 years ago to see family. My mom is Japanese and her whole side of the family lives in Japan. We only planned to stay for a year, but my parents got divorced during that time so we just decided to stay in Japan. When I started my second year at college, I decided that I wanted to go see my dad, not that we ever grew apart or anything, but it had been such a long time since I had seen him. We were still very close even after the divorce. So I went to see him that summer. I was about 13, 14 I think when I left for Japan. I was 20 when I went to go see him. It was weird because I was pretty much a kid when I left, but almost an adult when I saw him again. It was a great summer though, probably one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.  
Haha it's cool. The fun part about conversation is not knowing where the convo will end up.  
It's actually pretty common practice here in the U.S, as far as I can tell. From what I remember when my dad worked as a delivery man about 15 years ago, they also had to pay most of their own gas as well.  There were nights he couldn't really do his job because he couldn't get enough tips to pay for gas. 
You are absolutely correct, I have a '99. I'll definitely check them out. Thanks for the advice.  
As far as I know, today the employers pay for your gas 
Well in Iceland every company that delivers food has cars for there workers 
Pretty much everywhere except the third world country of The United States. 
How does reimbursement work? Is it fuel plus a kilometer fee? 
Gas + average vehicle maintenance cost per mile is what's common nowadays. 54 cents per mile as calculated by the irs 
Ah okay I see. Yeah here in the U.S you usually use your own car for pizza delivery work but I'm sure there are places that give you a car. That would be nice.  
Hey now. I live in ass backwards Utah and even our pizza folks have company cars!  
In many parts of the US a moped is an impractical, death trap. You're driving a low powered motor bike on gravel shoulders with cars flying by at 45-55 mph.   It's great in big cities with 100,000 people in a 5 mile radius, but we have a lot of spread out suburbs. 
They get some money for mileage. If you have a gas efficient enough car, what they pay in mileage covers all the gas you'd ever need. As well some places bump up pay for your time not on the road, so if you're back in the shop actually making or cleaning, you're not getting reduced pay.  
Dominoes is finally starting to get some company vehicles but I don't expect that to take off far from large cities. I've only ever seen one so far and they started that about a year ago. 
If they reimburse fuel and not the use of the vehicle itself it's not really fair. Cars lose value based on their mileage. 
Where I live you don't need a license to ride a moped on the street, so most of the people riding them are the ones with a few too many DUIs. 
Ah yeah, I remember some commercials Dominoes had that advertised their Chevy Spark compact that was customized especially for pizza delivery. I have yet to see any in my city but if all goes to plan, this summer will be my last as a pizza boy so I probably won't get an opportunity to drive one.  
Where is this? That sounds silly. You could easily get someone killed even on a moped. I'm sure there is some logic behind it though... 
You know, now that I think about it...I think the delivery drivers were paid more per hour than the in-house crew and/or got an additional flat rate for each delivery plus whatever tips they earned. It was so long ago I'm a little fuzzy on it these days. I definitely didn't have to track mileage, though, I'm sure of that, but I believe there was a pay increase for it. 
I have a recurring dream that it's halfway through the semester and I realize I'm enrolled in another class that I have yet to attend or do any work for. 28, been out of college for over 5 years. 
I like that phrase, "a good emptiness." It's like those days where you're schedule is completely free, so you can sit on your ass and do nothing.  
Good luck man! I'm sure when the time comes, you'll get back into it in no time.  
Haha judging by everyone's reply, that sounds about right.  
I had a similar experience last semester when I completely forgot the actual day of the final. The syllabus had a different day in it and I forgot that the professor sent an announcement out a few weeks back notifying us of the change. I freaked out that entire day almost in tears because that was one of my core classes. Thank God I sent her an email explaining what happened and she was able to set up a final for me at a later date before she left back home. That was the scariest experience of college for me. 
It was great. It was kinda surreal the entire time, like looking back it never actually happened but it did. I was real happy to see a lot of my classmates so we could bitch about our finals week one last time but I was pretty bummed that it would probably be the last time I see them. But it was great experience. How was yours? 
Oh yeah man. College is way better than high school even when some assignments where kicking my ass. Just the fact that you're treated like an adult makes it way more enjoyable than H.S.  
Miss it? No. Does it feel weird? Yes, yes it does. But to me so far, it feels weird in a pleasurable way. I still work my part time job but the fact that I have no other obligations after that does feel like being freed from a cage but also being pushed into an empty void almost. But you can fill that void with whatever you want and that's what makes it pleasant.  
For a moment time just slowed down to a crawl. You got me on that one. 
Or the one where you go to class but you are naked? 
Wow, a lot of people here seem to have the same type of dream so you're not alone on that one.  
Yup, it's always like 'what do you mean there's no project to do? what am i supposed to do then?!' 
For me, it's something very similar. In the dream I am aware that I have not gone to the class all semester. I meant to... I just never did it. And now it's the day of the final.... and I'm late even for that. Just this overwhelming sense of regret and panic.  Same goddamn dream. Never happened in real life. I've been out of college for 15 years. 
I forgot my locker combination in my dream last night! We don't even have lockers where I live  
Lol, the door scene, hillarious! conditioning is a bitch, right?! 
Idk man, maybe it's just me, but I start to hate that feeling. I start feeling strangely guilty about not doing anything, and then have to find some activity to keep my occupied.  
Thanks dude! Grats on the graduation. What're your plans? Going to go back to grad school or start working? 
Dude my ideal job would also be a college professor. It seems like it would be a really awesome job. I'm getting my masters in clinical mental health counseling. Then I'd like to get a Ph.D in neuropsychology, or clinical would be cool. But I decided to go for a masters because I think it's a good middle ground. It's enough to be able to have a decent job with decent pay if I decided I don't want to go any further. 
it was our semester final project. Not something we worked on all semester, just our last one. It was a huge portion of our grade. But the written exam was worth just as much and I managed a high B with that.  
Yeah, right? It doesn't feel like I was there for the four years. It feels like 2 years at most...  Pretty amazing. The Liberal Arts and Sciences graduation was kinda boring, rushed, and clinical. The only upside was that Pomp and Circumstance (and Alma Mater) was played by a Steel Band. I've never heard a more cheerful version of the Alma Mater and it just reminded me of how much I missed playing in Steel Band in high school.  The Political Science Departmental graduation was a lot more intimate and fun. My internship coordinator was crying as she presented awards for me and the other Congressional Interns ("I'm sorry, I know all of them, I'm so happy they got this"), it was so funny. My family was there with me for the whole day, just hanging out. My mom surprised me with a 5 day mother-son trip to Disney, so that was just incredible. 
I actually came very close to having it come true, I missed a bunch of the small group sessions in a class and got really lucky that they either didn't take attendance, or didn't care that I never showed up. It was supposedly 20% of my grade, but I still got an A-. 
Meh, it's just a memory now.  I not only got a Masters degree, I got a doctorate.  But I remember that day, thinking, if they just arbitrarily charged me 50 bucks, I would have paid it. 
Same here. And I never had that happen to me back when I studied in university. Yet I have reoccurring dreams of somehow missing a class all semester and I won't be able to graduate if I can't pass it.   I graduated more than 20 years ago.   Weird how so many people have the same nightmare.  
I know what you mean. During the summer breaks when I didn't have a job, there was always a feeling of someone poking me with a stick whispering "get out and go do something you lazy ass." But this year I can keep up my job I was working through school until I land my "big boy" job so I don't feel that nagging.  
Definitely working. After this hellish week of tests, presentations and papers, I think I'm done with school, at least for the time being.  
That sounds like a good plan! You can always reassess a year from now as you're finishing up your MA (assuming a two-year degree?). There's a lot of flexibility in being a masters student. It's not too late to make a move in any direction. 
All done. Next step is job hunting. I want to be a police officer for one of the larger P.Ds in the city but their academy won't start until the fall. So after I go through the application process and interviews and stuff (assuming I get accepted) I'd still have to wait for the fall for the next big step. So hopefully they do accept me and I'll just enjoy this summer and continue working the job I was doing during school until the academy starts up.  
That's so weird, I have it as well..! Also, out of college/university for years, what's up with that?!  
Yeah, it's like 2.5. I start in fall and end in fall. I'm glad to be getting it out of the way. I'm tired of living paycheck to paycheck. But I guess that's how being a doctorate student is anyways haha. 
Uh, yeah... You know how I said it's like a joining a monastery? That includes the vow of poverty.  I'm hoping to make 55-75k as a tenure-track humanities professor when this is over, but it's a tough job market. We'll see what happens. 
What are you getting your degree in? Isn't it a bummer that you go to college for like 8 years and only make 55k. While you can go to a coding boot camp for three months and make like 70k off the bat. Sometimes I wonder if I fucked up. If I was making how much my programming buddies make, I would be hellbent haha 
I'm in an interdisciplinary liberal arts field that allows for a wide range of possible scholarship. Most of my writing focuses on the intersection between landscape/place and identity. And no, you *can't* do anything what that except become a professor, haha.  I don't mind the money though. I absolutely love what I do so it's worth it. Also I'm horrible at all things STEM so it's not like I could have been a programmer or engineer anyway. It was either this, public school teacher or librarian or something.  Money is an important consideration, but happiness always comes first. Isn't that why we earn money in the first place? To secure what we need to be happy?  I can't tell you whether you made a mistake or not, but if you're happy...you're probably okay. That's a pretty good life rule overall, I think.  
Ill think ill err on pc reddit.   Seriously considering trolling on 4chan tho 
It really is a good marketing channel though. Especially to highly educated demographics. Not for consumer products tho 
Eh. I view it as a way to get more free stuff. If advertising/marketing wasn't so prevalent we wouldn't have so many Youtube channels and such. 
Mods don't care, neither does most of reddit. Let's be honest, we keep upvoting things that could or could not be advertising, as long as we find them mildly funny or interesting. I'm personally fine with that. 
According to the rules of Reddit, 1/9 of your posts can be self-promotional. 
What damage could they possibly do, that hasn't been done already? Reddit has been steadily declining *a while*. 
Err .. you really want to try visual analytics and data mining consulting?? 
I work in social media and this is so true. I hate using most social media outside of the office because I spend eight to 10 hours away staring at stupid tweets.  
So now - instead of posting your real thoughts and ideas while free to do so without recrimination (except for you know....reddit itself); now you are in the corporate definition of a "hot seat".  You poor shlub ! :) 
I get social security so I guess that means the government pays me while I reddit lol (I crack myself up) :) 
I usually make dinner, exercise, go to the sauna, eat dinner have sexy times and sleep 
I recommend you go to college just for that piece kf paper. HR people are dense with no understanding of nuance.   That said go to lynda.com and start the class online maeketing fundamentals.   Tell me if your interested. Ill send you a 20 day trial.    
Its just a habit leftover from my first language i would say  (Korean swahili) 
Lol they think its for a bunch of old guys because the website is so "90's" 
Thats really cool. Care to share the twotter and facebook method so i can ask my bi guys about it?  
You need to sift through r/4chan to find the most disgusting posts imaginable then bring them up at work and imply that the whole website does that. 
Yeah, I just thought it was funny; I really do feel like it was a good suggestion, and a damn good trick to earn more reddit time :D 
Mod here, most of us actually do put a good amount of effort into removing/reporting spamming/astroturfing. 
I'd bet five dollars the demographics on NSFW subs are nearly identical to any list of two-year+ redditors.  Hang around long enough and you're going to get dirty.  
Shit, I have 80k comment karma. Most of it gained during work hours.   I dont get paid to Reddit like you, you glorious bastard, but my mid 40's boss walked by once and saw me redditing, and asked "are you on Reddit?" I nervously replied "y-yeah". To which he responded "I *like* Reddit" and walked away.   Idk man redditing *at* your job is great but when redditing *becomes* your job that's when I'd get nervous.  
And marketing bullshit is one of the biggest reasons for it. 
I... I don't really know what either of those things are... maybe? 
Hahaha, wow. A federal Reddit agent. I salute you.  
ive got alot on my plate right now so i dont think id be able to use the trial to its full value so no thanks. thanks for the offer and advice though 
Show them clips of those news reports on /r/jailbait 
Business analytics and visual analytics. Mainly b2b 
I don't understand how sooo many people have the time to reddit on the job. When do you do your work?   I check reddit and comment once in a while but only on coffee breaks or at night after work.  
Good for you! I found it fascinating - really. It did seem rather a sad tale though :( 
My mom thinks reddit is all people who wish CP was legal 
I'll take 3 dank memes please and 1 side of 360noscope2mlg4me 
The hype is *great* from a marketing perspective but it's not been generated on reddit by the companies, has it?  They're high visibility projects with a *lot* of financial backing - a lot of which goes into selling them. The Google Fibre thing works because it's a viable, and objectively better alternative to other providers too, but it's not grass-roots hype, which I know some people like to think they can generate on Reddit, but that'd be a unicorn project really.   
If I ever wield a double edged sword I will name it reddit 
I can definitely understand it if "redditing on the job" is just replying to any messages and comments you get. 
It really is.   I don't even think it would be a deal today. Saydrah genuinely loved reddit and stuck to the guidelines that were in place at the time in terms of how much unrelated content to submit before submitting your own company's stuff. But once reddit picks up pitchforks they don't like to put them down.  
Oh you are so right about that. I sincerely hope she's recovered her emotional equilibrium after that disastrous occurrence.    
Fuck you Preston. Now I know why you don't give me quests anymore. You unfaithful fuck :'(  Is his power armor bigger than mine? Does his fusion cores last longer? Answer me! 
Well that's the key. I definitely get my work done. My boss doesn't particularly care what I'm doing as long as the work gets done and I'm available when I'm needed. I'm sure some people do Reddit when they should be doing something else, but if I'm all caught up on my stuff then nbd.  
Oh, it does suck, but I make myself busy with personal projects. Lots of them.  I've also been job hunting for a few months now. After 10 years it's time to move on. The job hasn't always been this slow but the last couple of years the workload has been getting lighter and lighter... this does not bode well. 
No, probably smart to look for another job! Good luck! 
Thats my golden rule for now. The content has to be quality. That way regardless of whether or not the person views. Hes time is not wasted 
I envy your reaction. Mine was: "Huh, I've never heard of that plugin before." 
I don't think we are, though we could use IT people. We only have two guys, and they're really part-time IT (much like myself and another guy who just know more than most).  
To me, words are just words  And they're not even the important part. It's the sentence they make, and the concept they convey 
 "I'm sorry to inform you, sir."  " lay it on me, doc. "  " you're a...  NERD! "    
Well if you need any tailor-made multi-site private clouds, just give me a ring. Or any kind of highly available distributed architecture. Hell, I'd work with *Windows* just to get out of the current position. 
Yeah, sorry, I didn't convey that thought very well, I think my blood sugar's low and I'm having trouble putting thoughts together.  The buzzword thing wasn't the focus, I just constantly see people on reddit mentioning that they work "in marketing" or doing whatever analysis or something, and it seems like said people are a) abundant and b) do pretty well for themselves, but I have no idea how one begins to do such things.  I don't even know what those things are.  I mean, I understand the concept of marketing, and I know the definition of analysis, but what does that translate to, you know, actually doing? 
Thank you, it was a good learning experience I guess  
That's a brutal story haha, I'm sure the alcohol would have amplified the burp. Thanks for sharing it :) 
HAHA Tom & Jerry's ice-cream feels like something I'd definitely say by mistake. Thanks for sharing that, it made me laugh :) 
It's probably because most guys saw her and just thought "she's out of my league." 
That's so cute haha, I guess it really isn't thaaat similar considering she didn't reject her future husband hahaha. 
Thank you, I appreciate it. I honestly had no expectations going into it because I knew whether I got rejected or not, I'd at least walk away with more experience and that I tried. Your words mean a lot to me, thank you! 
You just gotta try man, even if you might face rejection like me. I've dealt with many regrets before and 90% of the time it's because I didn't do something rather than doing something I regret. Hope it works out for you! 
Haha well I executed it pretty poorly! I'm not sure about being more confident but I'm happy I just tried.  
Hey, thank you. Yeah I understand her rejection was nothing personal, it would have been nice if it had worked out but at the same time I didn't really have any expectations. I usually tend to internalise a lot of rejection and failure, so I'm glad that you reminded me it's not an indicator of my worth. 
Congratulations! From my experience, people seem to be more open to making friends in college, especially in your freshman year. What you're feeling now with the regret of not knowing and the wondering in what could have happened - that's the feeling I wanted to avoid, so I went for it and talked to her. I know that feeling of regret all too well and it sucks, I hope you can come to terms with it. I wish you all the best in college! You never know that you had the "gonads" to do it until you try, trust me. Good luck out there.  
Yep! You have the courage, you just don't know it yet until you actually try. It's probably better if you try asking someone out when you're not too emotionally invested though, in case you face rejection, it won't feel so brutal. All the best! 
Thank you. You're 100% right and I agree. I definitely understand what you mean by crushing on someone for too long and making a move when you're already very much emotionally invested, it can be devastating when it goes wrong. 
Yeah, I'm doing my best to get better at this and not fear rejection so much. Thanks for your wise words. 
Creepy is synonymous to your username haha, but I definitely agree with you. 
Damn, I'm sorry to hear that. I really wished things could have gone differently for you. If anything your post inspires me to keep trying, I hope you keep trying yourself too, nothing worse than that feeling of regret from not doing something. Wishing you all the best out there. 
Thank you haha, that sentence sounds like a cute thing to say, maybe I'll use it one day! 
Oh good for you! Happy it worked for you. Good luck on your date! 
Yeah I agree, I wasn't actually expecting her to say yes or anything, I just wanted to try, but next time I might have to go more casual like you mentioned hahaha. I'm still pretty young (20), so I'm sure you're right! 
Of course, she seemed like a friendly person for sure in the small amount of time I spoke with her. Unfortunately we're at university, so I doubt I will ever see her again. 
Thanks, I appreciate it. I know that feeling of regret and it really sucks, but I'm certain that you will come across other people in your life that you will make you happy. I know if the opportunity ever comes up again, you have the ability to take it. I know life sucks, but I know you can do it, you won't know until you try. I wish you all the best. 
Haha thank you! I'll keep trying, don't you worry! 
Thanks. In an ideal world, I would have loved to have spent a little more time with her in class but it was the last class for the unit, so I only had that one chance to talk to her/ask her out. 
Good on you!!! Glad you did it. Do you still see her every now and then since she lives nearby? Does it still hurt or have you moved on to greener pastures? 
Hey, thank you, I appreciate it. Getting rejected today was definitely not as bad as I would have imagined it, so you're right. 
Yeah for sure! There are other cute fish in the sea. 
Hey thanks man! It definitely DID go badly haha but I didn't feel as bad as I thought I would have. I'm sure I'll laugh about it in the near-future. 
Thank you, but we'll probably never see each other again, and to be honest based on her reaction, I don't think she'd even want to be friends hahaha. 
That really sucks. At least you got to know relatively early on about how she felt. I understand how you feel about being rejected rather than being led on, I feel that way sometimes about my past relationships but I think it's normal for us to feel that way, relationships will never work out if we're not willing to be vulnerable. You took a chance to put yourself out there and even if it didn't work out, you had the courage to take that risk.   You make a valid point, I agree with you on managing expectations.  Have you moved on since or do you still hold on to some thoughts/feelings about this person? 2 years is a long time.  Hope you're doing alright. 
To be fair, I think the way I asked was really awkward and made her uncomfortable, but I'm not so bothered by it I guess. Thank you! 
Thank you! It makes me happy knowing I made you smile. I've said this a few times in the thread already but I'll say it again because it's so true. I don't think you'll ever feel like you have the balls to ask someone out until you're actually doing it. Just have to make sure when you're going to ask someone out, you can handle the possible rejection. Thanks for your comment, I really hope everything goes well in your future, keep smiling friend :) 
Oh boy, did she raise any red flags during your relationship? What were they if so? I feel like this is good information to know for my future endeavours haha. 
Thank you! Yes, it isn't as bad as I thought it would be 
Oh no, that's terrible, sorry to hear that. Goes to show taking courage can really pay off. Don't be afraid to face rejection, take it easy, and I know for sure you can do it. All the best man :) 
Haha your comment made me laugh. My palms were definitely sweaty. 
Yeah I will, learning to handle rejection is an art, I swear haha 
Just cause there's a goal keeper doesn't mean you can't score! Just kidding, good nice effort, at least you were willing to try :) 
Thanks, I understand rejecting other people can be tough, but the way she rejected me was so brutal it was comical haha. Some people are good at rejecting people and some people are bad at it I guess. 
Haha thank you. Yes, I'm almost certain it's going to be a great story to tell to friends or future partners one day for a good laugh.  
That's not a great way for her to communicate, assuming she's genuinely avoiding you. I'm sorry that happened to you, nothing worse than having someone leaving you hanging. Hang in there buddy, I hope it gets better. 
Ahh that's the worst, don't worry I've been there too, except I didn't run haha but I definitely got rejected. 
Thank you! I know, it is slightly odd for me too but I just wanted to at least try because I didn't feel like I'd have any other opportunities.  
Thanks man. Yeah, when I put myself in her shoes I can understand how she'd feel about a stranger asking her out over a pen haha, but I'm not too bothered about it. That's interesting, what happened that made you learn that you shouldn't fold your cards too soon? I have a another situation that might benefit from your response. 
I've heard this happen about three times in this thread already :(. I remember it happening once to me before and it crushed me. I'm sorry that happened to you, hope you were able to recover and every thing is going well for you now. 
Thanks! And you're 100% the outcome is the same if I never asked her if I got rejected, but the possibility of her reciprocating is out there if I just try. 
I've seen the bad/ugly for sure but the good definitely outweighs the bad for sure! 
Haha to be honest, her horrified reaction wouldn't lead me to believe so, but luckily I'm not too bothered by it haha. 
Hahaha oh no, what if she was genuinely tired though? I know 2 hour bus trips can be tiring haha 
Hey, thank you :) I felt not as bad as I think I would have! So it's definitely good to try! Good luck out there. 
I entered the room of my college composition class and sat down at a far desk in circle (the desks were in a circle because that is the only legal way to arrange chairs in any class offered by the English department).  Anyway -- I sat down and began to read while the rest of the class trickled in. In my periphery, I noticed a lovely blonde sit down a few seats over. I waited for a moment that wouldn't seem obvious, and then I made my move. I picked up my stuff, scooted over, and turned to say hello. "Hi, Pope."  Not only did she beat me to the introduction and already know me. She was my ex-girlfriend, very recent ex. I applauded myself for at least having consistent taste. We sat by each other for the semester. Pleasant but odd. 
Its cool to do this and get rejected because after a while youre like whatever about it and you started getting more "yes"s than you thought you would. But if you never practice youll never get good. 
They're pretty great, but I never find myself terribly motivated to give it a throw. It's cool, but I don't know anybody who does that sort of thing anymore. I was really into it in high school because of the other friends that got into it too. 
It's hard to say. I got over her fairly quickly I think, but my confidence was shot. I kind of went into a period of a few years in my life where I just didn't give a shit about myself. I ended up being the heaviest I've ever been. Eventually I said enough was enough, and realized that if I didn't give a shit about myself how could I expect anyone else to care. I've lost almost 40 lbs since then and am probably in the best shape of my life.   My confidence with women has still been pretty shitty. Reflecting on that experience I think what it did for me was let me see the stupid shit I was doing/saying. So at least I know what not to do lol. Unfortunately I had to learn my last year of college what most people probably did in middle/high school. My experience with women is still close to 0 though, so I'm at a pretty big disadvantage. Things are looking up however, I do have a potential prospect, so I'm hoping I just don't screw that up as well. 
Actually I didn't, the sex went well. I just didn't share because it sounds made up to say on reddit that you got laid 
I was expecting something like that. I thought Rachel was going to end up being the teacher's daughter or something. 
What I'm more surprised about is that it's even possible to sit that close together during exam... 
Unfortunately I couldn't have. The class was crowded as it was and once you had your seat established, moving around in the class was frowned upon as there were very few other seating options.  Your right though, I was immature and petty. I make no other justification for it other then being embarrassed and hurt. 
honestly this happens to me way too much, and I don't even bother trying to come up with a clever comeback because these are usually quite harmless. 
True haha, it's still a similar scenario to start with though 
You are welcome!    Good for you for appreciating the experience too! :) 
I think the problem was that it was a fountain drink, so it had no spill proofing of its own naturally. Man, it went *everywhere* too and I don't think I've ever made as big an ass of myself all at once since then. I'm glad you laughed about it though, that was my point in sharing. I think all of us experience that rejection at some point, but the important part is not to let it deter you from trying again. You seem like you've got that mentality and that's great! 
Good advice. I'm friends with many girls but its the girls that I have a crush on which amplifies my anxiety. I can be the life of the party but the moment my crush is in the room, I'm a completely different person. Crushes cripple me. 
Haha no! I think what you did and said was cute. And I'm a girl!  
My freshman year is now over. Total friends made = 2. Friends that went with me to college 10+ 
Yeah, thats one thing I never let happen. Never let anything be left unknown. Discover and find out you want someone to smitten by you as much as you are by them. It's always a numbers game  
No worries,There is a lot a fish in the sea,And I dont regret anything.Cheers. 
having said that, i just realised Ive **never** actually asked a girl for her number myself. I guess the next step to that ploy is contact them to come along when you've already got another event/party/bar that they might like to come along to or something....   Instead I usually just stalk them til I already have their online contacts and home phone :D 
Well they started dating much later, I was just sort of glad to move on! Thanks for listening, pal 
I hear ya. you had to pull the rip cord -- you were out of time. 
Nah the semester ended a week or so later so it was not really a big deal. I'm not one to let awkwardness get in the way of much so I 'sup nod at her if I see her and that's really it. It's a little weird but eh life goes on mate, it's wasteful to provide her so much thought  
Honestly seems like you're better off anyway, who wants to date someone that would just cut you off mid sentence when you're obviously nervous.  
Yeah and pretty soon it will just become a funny story of that time when I ....   Enjoy the confidence boost tho, for all future encounters like this (well maybe not exactly like this) 
That's okay. Like I said, this is a step towards the next one. I used to be super shy and had issues approaching people, but through a series of interactions that put me outside of my comfort zone, I am moderately extroverted now. Good luck on your future interactions! You've got this! Eye of the tiger! 
Thanks! Yeah it was pretty easy to move on. Helps when they start avoiding you entirely and I'm just generally good with the whole "Well that's life" kind of thing. So I moved on like 3 hours after I heard. I mean I was pretty annoyed at first but then I locked myself in my room and played videogames and that always helps me clear my head.   I was more annoyed about the fact that she wouldn't tell me over her not liking me. But thank you for the message. :) 
I like to think of it as something akin to building a tolerance to alcohol. The more you do it, the easier it becomes and the more you can handle. Although approaching is probably better for you in the long run. :) 
Yeah. Things are better. I spoke to my friend after they broke up and he said that she was a little crazy so in a way it looks like I dodged a bullet. 
That's true but she did that like 30 minutes after. It was quite obvious that I annoyed her.  
Haha you actually sat through the whole semester together after breaking up? Probably one of the rare stories I've heard of ex's getting along haha. 
Because he was letting his little head do the thinking instead of his big head. 
And the more you take, the more practice you get. ;) 
For sure, nip it in the bud as they say, before becoming too emotionally invested. 
If you're ever interested in picking it back up, check out /r/throwers 
Hey, thank you! I've always thought confident people were just born that way and are able to talk to girls, I mean some might have been born that way but I never realised it was something we could all do. It definitely does take practice and getting back up after failing :) 
Wow, I'm sorry you had to go through that. I'm happy to know you've gotten in shape now and that you have a potential prospect now. I hope everything works out for you! 
I'm not getting laid, so no one else is either. Fact. 
And how does that tearing out pages trick even work? Our exams are rigorously checked for cheating so this wouldn't be possible to do.  
From what my professors have told me this is actually illegal to do and posting id numbers and test scores is not allowed to be done together for anyone to see. 
Hahaha oh no, I hoped you laughed about it too afterwards. Thanks! I hope everything goes well for you. 
Hormones are a funny thing. You'll learn to fake cool with age. 
I prefer a negative than uncertainty, but you get used to receiving both positive and negative answers. It's part of life. There is absolutely no logical reason for any other person to think and feel exactly like you.  Any successful person gets hundreds of no's before getting a meaningful yes. Plus, if you ask polietly, you might even find the reason for a negative answer and then plan your next moves more carefully, and find "yes" more often. 
Haha thanks. To be fair, I think it would have had a better probability of working if I was relaxed a little and wasn't so nervous haha. 
Hey, you made a lot more friends than I did in my freshman year, I made no friends because I kept making excuses to never talk to me people, so you're doing so much better than me. Luckily, I tried in my third year by actually making an effort (I'm not sure what Americans call it) and I made a few friends but on the flip side, I also met some people I never ended up becoming friends with but that's just part of socialising I guess. Hope everything works out for you. 
Hey thanks buddy! Your words mean a lot to me. I'll keep trying! :) 
We'd known each other a long time and had a lot of mutual friends. While she and I didn't remain friends forever, we remained friendly towards each other.  
That was the best possible response to this fedora tippin chump. Good on ya mate 
Okay you're right about what he said being absolutely terrible advice, but they were in no way a 'third wave feminist'. I don't see where you'd get that from, most feminists would actually be encouraging of a guy being forward like that- it's almost more manipulative to try and befriend someone with the goal of getting in their pants, rather than just being upfront. 
Thank you kind sir. My only regret is I have but one upboat to give. 
That aswell, yeah, I'm pretty mindblown that he was able to pull that off, tbh. 
I've never been in an exam hall where you're allowed to just keep getting up and going to the bathroom and all this while being allowed to keep shit. You give up everything and nothing is allowed to sit there at your table so someone can just cheat off you. And even with diarrhea leaving multiple times during an exam is probably not seen as ehh whatever. And then he stapled the exam booklet back together and found out her score? Nah 
Hey, c'mon now! I know it sounds kind of funny but you have to have the faith that you will find someone, just keep working on yourself, keep a positive attitude, don't be afraid to be vulnerable, and I promise you good things will happen. I believe in you. 
Thank you, I never put myself out there in highschool, so I gotta do all the heavy-lifting now in university haha. Glad things are working out for you though :) 
Well hey, coincidentally, last night a girl said i could touch her butt because she felt sorry for me... I don't know how to feel about that but hey, i'm not complaining :) 
yeah it was a touch tongue in cheek. Id never physically stalk anyone !   dating is much easier done online because you know they are open to it. if you chat up people randomly you bump into you never know their relationship status... 
Honestly you can reinvent yourself to an extent at college with all the new people. Pick out parts of yourself that you wanna work on. I was smart in high school and arrogant about it, and undoubtedly lost friends because of it. You can fix stuff like that. Good luck op :) 
Dan, I am flattered but I have never met a Dan that wasn't hot. I BELIEVE IN YOU TOO! 
Actually, I'm curious, are there any criteria for the letter flair? 
Well she did say in another thread that she enjoys positive and happy subs. And that's exactly what this sub is. 
Thanks. I'm going to hang out in some friendly subreddits. 
They have to accept your moderation request first. 
It's a lab class. I'm attempting to build a home lab but the fact that I'm renting a house on a military base dampens hopes :( I am a chemistry major though! 
I think it's good she stepped down, of course all the hate is horrible but I think it's better this way. Ellen was never supposed to be the full time CEO, she was a stand in while they found someone else, but now we have the original founder back as CEO, and I think that's a good thing. 
For a lab class - I'm going to do some analysis with it. 
YUP! P means Podcast. M means Moderator. I forget the rest /u/tizorres would know 
Not so nefarious. I just have a lot more time on my hands. 
We're going to determine its composition through titration and spectroscopy. 
I've not paid a great deal of attention to the whole thing. Primarily because I found and always find the viciousness of Redditors to be forever unwarranted so if I saw her name, I steered clear.  That's nice to hear, though! 
What other friendly subreddits would you recommend? 
They used to have it so we could. This is why the new CEO is the moderator of /r/cannibal. 
Pfft. Just build one anyways. Nobody cares except the person you're renting from.  As someone who likes working with electronics, I like chemistry people, mostly because y'all help develop stuff like lead-free solder (which is pricey, but there's no lead, so that's nice) which is a necessity for me. Tad hard to make good connections otherwise. 
Not much. So many people sent positive messages or apologized sincerely that it made up for all the negative stuff.  
Pretty good. I had lunch with a friend, coffee with another friend, hung out on reddit. Life is pretty good. How has *your* day been? 
All is well, thanks for the positive message and for asking. Hope all is well with you, too. 
Humans. Then hedgehogs. Someone sent me an awesome baby hedgehog gif yesterday, so that's on my mind today. The past few days have been a little less casual than I'd like. Right now, I'm just relaxing. 
"Beautiful Souls" by Eyal Press. I'm just starting a new book that a friend gave me called "Snow Leopard" that looks pretty good. 
take it from me reddit is a great place to get rid of all that pesky time 
But......you already know it's potassium ferrioxalate!   
I don't know what level of involvement you had with some of the decisions I (and a lot of the reddit community) lashed out against, but regardless, nobody deserves all the hate that was sent your way, which I'm sure included dumb threats because people are reactionary and short-sighted.   I'm glad we have /u/spez back, but I'm also worried that not much will change, and I'm glad that you seem to be handling all this pretty well. Some people were really gross and over-zealous about this whole thing.  Good luck in the future! 
I've had better, to be honest.  Recovering from a minor surgical procedure gone slightly wrong without using up too many vacation days at work can be challenging.  I imagine your life is better when you don't have the cesspool of the Internet breathing down your neck in anger. 
Yeah, I feel bad about how so many redditors were really unpleasant to you online. I hope that it dies down and those people stop being dicks. Also I think getting rid of some hate subreddits was a good idea.  
Do you spend time on /r/hedgehogs? There's some downright adorable pictures and gifs there.  
I liked Newsroom, too. Even the end - though I didn't even realize it was the finale.  If you're up for something new, Sense8 was pretty great. Less politics, more human interest and character development.  
Yeah, but there are different stoichiometries for it - they can have trapped water molecules or extra ligands bound to the iron.  (note: I am 99% sure I know the composition - it's lab practice ok :P) 
I guess I should have known what to expect, but it was scary and stressful and now I need a cup of tea to calm down. Too much caps lock. Too intense. I'm never going back there ever again. :( 
That's why we're here! We're the eye in the middle of the storm. 
i'm also a drunk dude from wisconsin. and i'd hold hands inn the park with her  
Sorry to hear that your surgery has been difficult. It's almost tomorrow and hopefully tomorrow will go better. 
I have a couple of alts, one for mobile (just in case) and one for more anonymity. I used them to comment a little more, but haven't had much time lately to comment on any account. 
I am well. I'm glad the button has ended and the Holy 0 has arrived. It was a fantastic time. 
The irony of the scientific art of characterisation is that you must first know what it is you want to characterise before you can figure out what it is.  
I'm a mod of 2 subs and as far as I know, I can remove myself 
THat's what I love about this sub, it's one of the few places you can get away from all that drama and also discuss it without all the usual name calling coming straight into play. The few time I have seen hateful arguments here it seems to hit a lot harder because it's not expected. Luckily the mods here are pretty cool so they deal with it in a pretty timely and reasonable manner. 
I think she did it as an inside joke because of the top comment. 
I'm not drunk but I am from Wisconsin. She can pet my cats and play Portal 2 with me. I still need a co-op partner. 
The name miniature fox terrier makes me imagine a dog-bonsai. You know, like pony is a horse-bonsai.  
I did not know ANY of this about you.  You were on the anti-dog faction when we were discussing the dog-friendly-new-office-or-not issue!  Also, when will I get to meet your terrier?  Will he/she ever be coming out here to California? 
Hello I just wanted to comment on the whole issue and say that I am sorry for the way that the Reddit community handled everything. I feel like you were unjustly demonized and hope that this issue doesn't have longterm effects for you. 
Why can't you use this account for mobile? Genuinely curious.  
Welcome to Casual Conversation!  I hope you had a great weekend and have been enjoying your new found freedom.  Do you have any fantastic plans for the future yet, or are you just taking it easy right now? 
I think everyone here shares your sentiments. It's really nice to have a place not filled with unneeded hatred. 
This is why independent fact-checking should be something you do before blindly following a movement. This is the same reason why elections make me nervous. 
I didn't have any fish until this year; I have no idea how we now have 20. Our terrier is an outdoor dog, and won't be out here anytime soon. She barks a lot and would have driven everyone in the office crazy. I don't have a strong feeling about dogs in the office, except that if someone is scared of or allergic to dogs, he/she shouldn't have to worry about dogs in the office. 
Security reasons. We were careful about not using admin accounts on outside services. 
And if you want aggression and rudeness, there's always 4chan. ^(or the defaults) 
It's a shame PaperReddit has started to die, I loved that whilst it was properly active! :3 
iPhone 6 plus (I needed the big screen for browsing reddit on Chrome) 
I misread "elections" as "electrons" and initially guffawed, but then I found myself seriously contemplating whether electrons have free will. Then I saw my reading error and now I want to know if they have suffrage as well.  It's been a long day. 
Everyone is Unidan but you.  Would you like to hear about some biology? 
Is this to say that apps like redditisfun, and the sort aren't as secure? Or was it just an extra precaution? 
Master Miller, it's you! I love the sub and the idea, I just wish it was more active. It was a really good idea for a post though.  
It's a lot like /u/yishan but I think /u/ekjp will be more active in normal stuff than he is, which is good. People are already being friendly to her, that's awesome. 
Have you tried Alien Blue for iOS? Its the only thing I miss about iOS.  
I would think that, if you drop your phone, someone could just take it and enter the admin party without an invitation. The app is safe, but the phone is not, necessarily. So, better safe than sorry.  
They don't use admin accounts on outside clients or whatever as an extra precaution to help prevent hijacking of accounts.  Some have alts, and some have their alternate account as their admin account (for example, /u/xiongchiamiov's admin account is /u/xiong_as_admin).  This also applies to add-ons such as RES and Toolbox. 
I don't like them, because they taste kind of like cardboard. 
I bet you know more people who like Fritos. Maybe you should ask a few people you know. You might be surprised. 
It's not a planet! We should get used to it. It's a dwarf planet like Ceres, Eris, Haumea, and Makemake. 
It's really good to see.  I'm also interested to see whether ekjp involves herself in any discussions of Reddit politics and policy the way yishan has.  yishan's outspokenness has been unconventional for a former employee (and has probably interfered with his ability to participate in normal redditing), but it's also been pretty informative. 
/r/redditsync - best android reddit app. Night mode works well.  
Cool! Can I have green and yellow like yours?   Btw, I'm not a sir :-)   
I don't usually get the chance to upvote Newsradio.  Excellent show. 
diet? c'monnn... live a little... regular Coke tastes so much better! :)    (but really, I get it - the whole sugar thing is bad news for the waistline and teeth. That said, the wife and I were sort of addicted to Coke.   But recently we've gone cold turkey, and just this weekend had it for the first time in about a month, and it *really* lost its lustre, so to speak.  It just didn't have that satisfying taste to it. So, if you were 'addicted' like we were, maybe try cold turkey? Just a thought. :) ) 
Thank you but not addicted :) I have a couple or three a week :) I also have to control my blood sugar. It's a treat sometimes :)  Thank you for your concern though!   Take care!   *Nana internet hug* 
The late 90s. I was in high school at the time and always surprised that the show didn't find a better following at the time (it was always teetering on being canceled).  
Ah, yes - of course diabetes-related issues are obviously a thing, duh. I should have considered that, too!  But anyways - thanks for the... ah-hem, *sweet* reply.  hehe ;)  (I love this place, everyone's so nice!) 
It was teetering on being cancelled because they wouldn't play ball with the net work. Remember the rat funeral episode? That's because the network was having a "four weddings and a funeral" promotion. Four sitcoms held weddings and they asked News Radio to do the funeral. The folks at News Radio thought it was dumb and so decided to do the bare minimum to meet the request, hence the funeral for a rat. The consistently thumb their noses at network requests like that. Which, in my opinion, helped keep it great.   It's the same reason Dave and Lisa hook up immediately then break up. The network wanted another Ross and Rachel so the writers decided to take all the tension out of the show by having the characters date right off the bat, so they wouldn't be forced to focus on the relationship instead of ensemble stories.    Man I would love a News Radio behind the scenes oral history or something. That would be a great read.  
lol You are welcome! Everyone is nice here. It's a respite at times from other subs, to be sure!  No worries - after all you don't know my health history :) 
I think everyone is unless you're use to seeing it in which it loses it charm! Often, being 'popular' on reddit seems cool, but I wonder if those really popular guys here (we all know who I'm talking about [you /u/Renkie ! You made it!]) actually read all the replies to their comments. 
Yes, I will have to post here more often! (I just started).  All the best to you and your health! :) 
I get nervous from that envelope when I post in a gaming related subreddit.  "Oh boy, here comes another internet argument with no purpose" 
I thank you from the bottom of my heart! :) You certainly should post more often too! :)  Take another of these and pass one on to your wife too!    *Nana internet hug* 
I definitely will!  and a *Nana internet hug* right back at you and your husband!  
You just confused a *lot* of people...  ...white butts. 
In the end everyone dies... and they all end up in the bright white butts in the sky 
Yes.   Also, protip, people with the extension cannot tell the difference between, butt-to-butt, cloud-to-butt, butt-to-cloud, or even cloud-to-cloud.  It's *all* butts to us.  This enables clever trolling. 
Just type it with an open parenthesis: (loud.   See, now you've transferred your frustration to the programmers who are still looking for then end of the expression....                                     
This is gold! "Honolulu gets windy with their butts". 
Do you get request from the non techies to put everyeverything on the cloud? 
It could easily be done. Cloud-to-butt is open source and very easy to configure. 
It's the safest place to hide things because no one will think to look there. That's why drugs are measured in buttloads.  
You could turn for sale into not for sale, just to make her wonder why everyone is posting things they won't sell. 
Close - it changes instances of the phrase "the cloud" to "my butt".  It's juvenile and *hilarious*. 
Mulatto butts! (Mulatto butts) Black and white butts! (black and white butts) 
Yea, anyone who thinks otherwise clearly has their head in the butts... 
I don't understand. there is clearly no difference between butt-to-butt, and I don't get why you repeated it four times. Of course it's all butts to us, you only wrote that. 
An eternal and everlasting curse upon thee.   Yours truly,   A programmer 
Those are clouds? For 22 years I have believed that sheep could fly, boy was I wrong. 
I think it's far funnier just seeing other people talk about it occasionally than actually having the extension installed.  
Only from non-techies that are your superiors. True story. 
I was first exposed to the term "buttload" in 1988.  Before, I had certainly heard of *boatloads*.  Can you help me to determine if I met the originator, or early disciple, of the term, or whether it had been in parlance for a period before that? 
I'm slowly wrapping my head around the idea that a good portion of reddit is endlessly entertained by making their browser turn the word 'cloud' to 'butt'.  This explains the popularity of all the eyeroll-worthy content that hits the front page of /r/funny and the endless quantity of shitty puns at the top of every comment page, at least. 
Presidential hopeful Rand Paul is a staunch supporter of the free dragon, and believes that the invisible hand of the dragon will lead to a stable society without needing regulations. 
No one knows exactly where the term "buttload" originated. It is often debated weather the but was named such because it was found to hold exactly one buttload, or if the buttload was named such because it could hold exactly as much as one butt.  
I keep all my important information backed up in the butt.  
On our nas that everyone has at least read-access to, I rendered a 5 second video file and just added Hex FF's to it so it looks 600mb~ and tried to make it look like your average torrent file with tags like [h.264] etc on the filename.  I named it 50 Shades of Grey. and the actual video just had a black background with white text saying  "Nice Try  Parents"  for 5 seconds then closes.    The IP address of mums iPad opened it and so did dad's and their TV.  I saw  They thought it was legit  They had smirks on their faces this morning  I didn't know why  I checked the logs  Now I do.   
Just go with the little things that you'd think reputable websites would get right.  bear - bare  their - they're  they're - there  there - their  "God people are such idiots these days" 
I find it's easiest to be Liberian by being born in Liberia... 
Which part? That public libraries are a fairly new invention, or that public libraries have a lot of homeless people surfing porn? The first is certainly true, the second is a common joke (including in the library community) which has more than a grain of truth to it.   Of course it depends on the location of the library, but a big library in the downtown area of a city is a place where the homeless congregate, and because many libraries err on the side of free speech with regards to internet use, those computers have seen a lot of shit.  Also, there are a lot of libertarian librarians.  
Ah, the old public-to-pubic extension.  Also, how stoked are you for tommorrow? 
That wouldn't work since people misspell those words so often anyway. 
Your comment essentially said "we build libraries so homeless people have a place to masturbate".  
If you read the wall street journal and everything else you read online was consistently wrong would you start to question yourself? 
The tea party has essentially highjacked the word to mean "even more conservative than the Republican party," but this is just a misappropriation of a varied and nuanced set of political and ethical belief systems. 
Actually when I worked in a library, the rule was not to bother them unless there was child pornography, or they started masturbating, in which we case we called the cops. I can't speak to Andrew Carnegie's policy, though. 
For maximum result, first ensure that you have unsaved big changes to important things like a thesis or a business email. 
You're like that one whale biologist from Futurama!  
Wouldn't those be Federalists? Libertarianism by definition emphasizes individual freedom over state power, no matter what the level of government. 
yeah, it's never fun to talk politics. never ends well.  
Libertarian is more about a minimally intrusive government. It's not anarchism. You don't see Ron Paul asking for 0 tax on everyone/everything. Much of government should be at the local level, but that doesn't mean that there should be a lot of government power at any level.  A Federalist would be fine with just as much, perhaps more government power but that power transferred to the state/local level. Yes, makes sense to have more local governance, but if freedom is still overly restricted, that's not helping anything. I don't want morality police 1,000 miles away, or 1 mile away. Don't want them at all. 
Aw that's sweet. It's those little things that put a smile on your face. 
That sounds amazing, and then the end made me feel incredibly sad. But it sounds like you had a great relationship and that's all one could ever ask for. 
Aw that's cool. I can picture this as a final scene to the series finale of some family sitcom or something. 
Wow 6 years? What kept you two away from each other for so long? 
Oh definitely. His birthday is this week as well as father's day so it's perfect timing to give him something special.  
I made little paper golf clubs in school. I found out he still has them on his desk. :) 
In addition to this: having anything at all hanging from the rearview mirror can constitute obstruction of vision and get you pulled over or a ticket.  
"Make a new song out of clanking metal"   That little image made me giggle (even though it's not a good thing for the car) 
Oh yea, I was a Daddy's girl & he secretly confessed one time that I was his favorite kid. haha. As an adult I loved sitting around having conversations with him & he was often my go-to when I needed advice. 
I came to Japan with my mom and sister about 8, 9 years ago to see family. My mom is Japanese and her whole side of the family lives in Japan. We only planned to stay for a year, but my parents got divorced during that time so we just decided to stay in Japan. When I started my second year at college, I decided that I wanted to go see my dad, not that we ever grew apart or anything, but it had been such a long time since I had seen him. We were still very close even after the divorce. So I went to see him that summer. I was about 13, 14 I think when I left for Japan. I was 20 when I went to go see him. It was weird because I was pretty much a kid when I left, but almost an adult when I saw him again. It was a great summer though, probably one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.  
Haha it's cool. The fun part about conversation is not knowing where the convo will end up.  
It's actually pretty common practice here in the U.S, as far as I can tell. From what I remember when my dad worked as a delivery man about 15 years ago, they also had to pay most of their own gas as well.  There were nights he couldn't really do his job because he couldn't get enough tips to pay for gas. 
You are absolutely correct, I have a '99. I'll definitely check them out. Thanks for the advice.  
As far as I know, today the employers pay for your gas 
Well in Iceland every company that delivers food has cars for there workers 
Pretty much everywhere except the third world country of The United States. 
How does reimbursement work? Is it fuel plus a kilometer fee? 
Gas + average vehicle maintenance cost per mile is what's common nowadays. 54 cents per mile as calculated by the irs 
Ah okay I see. Yeah here in the U.S you usually use your own car for pizza delivery work but I'm sure there are places that give you a car. That would be nice.  
Hey now. I live in ass backwards Utah and even our pizza folks have company cars!  
In many parts of the US a moped is an impractical, death trap. You're driving a low powered motor bike on gravel shoulders with cars flying by at 45-55 mph.   It's great in big cities with 100,000 people in a 5 mile radius, but we have a lot of spread out suburbs. 
They get some money for mileage. If you have a gas efficient enough car, what they pay in mileage covers all the gas you'd ever need. As well some places bump up pay for your time not on the road, so if you're back in the shop actually making or cleaning, you're not getting reduced pay.  
Dominoes is finally starting to get some company vehicles but I don't expect that to take off far from large cities. I've only ever seen one so far and they started that about a year ago. 
If they reimburse fuel and not the use of the vehicle itself it's not really fair. Cars lose value based on their mileage. 
Where I live you don't need a license to ride a moped on the street, so most of the people riding them are the ones with a few too many DUIs. 
Ah yeah, I remember some commercials Dominoes had that advertised their Chevy Spark compact that was customized especially for pizza delivery. I have yet to see any in my city but if all goes to plan, this summer will be my last as a pizza boy so I probably won't get an opportunity to drive one.  
Where is this? That sounds silly. You could easily get someone killed even on a moped. I'm sure there is some logic behind it though... 
You know, now that I think about it...I think the delivery drivers were paid more per hour than the in-house crew and/or got an additional flat rate for each delivery plus whatever tips they earned. It was so long ago I'm a little fuzzy on it these days. I definitely didn't have to track mileage, though, I'm sure of that, but I believe there was a pay increase for it. 
How embarrassing it is depends on what you said when you started talking to the stranger. Hopefully nothing too personal! I can see how anything would be a bit uncomfortable though. They've probably already forgotten about it though. I always remind myself of that when I feel embarrassed.  
Would have been funny if the second car was also not your ride 
This made my day. Thank you for sharing. Your dad rocks. 
Yeah, if it was a guy my husband would have jumped to action, but it was a girl like you described so he just watched as confused as I was. You would think as a woman you'd be more careful about whose car you just jump into! 
In Australia it shows you the number plate, pretty much the only thing I look for because I'm bad at cars 
Probably going to take place in Alabama, Louisiana, or Texas. Just saying. 
I had something similar happen to me but my story is not as upstanding as yours. I freaked out at a rave while I was tripping on LSD and had to get outside. So there I was, Downtown Atlanta, on my own sprawled out on the ground. I was looking way too comfortable laying on the ground pretty sweaty from the raging. Anyways a homeless guy came up to me and gave me a dollar and said, "looks like you need this more than I do." At first i didn't know what was going on because I was tripping balls, but then it hit me that this homeless dude did what he could do to help. I was offended a little bit after he left, him thinking I was homeless and all and then I realized that was probably the kindest thing I have ever seen 
If I'm traveling alone, I sit in the front, if I'm traveling with someone, I sit in the back with them.  90% of the time I have great conversations with my Uber drivers when traveling alone. 
I walked in on a married couple banging on their couch years ago when I worked pizza delivery.      They had a house that looked like an apartment building in a neighborhood full of apartment buildings with only a screen door closed at the front, leading into what looked like a long hallway between apartments.      As much as I would like to say it ended like a porn all that really happened was a couple panicked moments of apologies, frantic scrambling to cover, and a very embarrassed tip. 
I can't stop laughing either at the mental image I have of you just slowly turning to see her in the other car. 
My husband was approached at Target once - he had on a red, collared shirt and khakis. A lady started asking him where the deodorant was located.  He's not usually quick on his feet but he immediately said - my best guess would be armpits LOL  They both had quite a laugh once she realized he was not an employee! :) 
That was a really nice thing for him to do! Beyond the call of duty! :) 
They have to have a sticker? Well there should be no issues then! 
Yeah then they take their sweet ass time to run up the fare. Cab drivers are a lot more shady than uber or lyft drivers. There's a reason cabs are going to be obsolete soon  
Unless they posted about it on reddit:  "I was buying a gift for my mom, and out of nowhere this strange girl starts talking gibberish, giggles, and disappears again..."  :D   But I do stuff like that so often it doesn't really get to me.   
Back in the day most car models had fairly simple locks with not much variance. Definitely could've gotten into someone else's car by mistake 
I once dropped the juice cap in my cup trying to screw it on to nothing 
I have never ever seen an uber sticker on any uber vehicles I have gotten into.  
I have used both Uber and Lyft so I might be missing them up, but they give you a picture of the car to expect. 
I do the same and its a good principle imo ! Let's be friendly again ! 
I think if I was the driver I would prefer them to sit in the back. 
Single cab pickup just seems so awkward to have for Uber! I mean, even extended cab would we. Be weird, cause you'd think with how much driving you'd be doing, you'd want something that got good gas mileage!  
Uber and Lyft are pretty convenient and I'd say, safer than regular taxis. I use Uber all the time, as I don't have a car currently.  I don't have to worry about parking, drinking while I'm out on weekends, and I usually have nice conversations with my Uber drivers. 
I feel like a rich important person riding in the back. :) 
The Office joke: Jim gives Dwight a car sticker, because he thinks he is  an "uber" person. Hilarity ensues. 
How you said that was endearing as hell! But, I think how you meant to say that is that "In Chile, uber drivers must not use stickers..." :) 
Yeah, as far as I know they don't show the color, at least in the US.  I used Uber for the first time over memorial day weekend, and it just tells you make/model/license plate.  That was plenty though 
I also just really wonder if a single cab truck is even permissible by Uber's standards. I'm just glad he didn't get there to pick us up and there were 3 of us.  
I have a very strong impression that you are a social media guy (or gal) working for Uber. 
I forgot to mention it was one of those bins that's only got a little hole to put rubbish in, it wasn't completely open at the top. So if I'd have reached in my arm wouldn't have made it to the bottom.  
It's due to local or state laws regarding ridesharing services. Every Uber or Lyft is marked here in Southern California with stickers on the back and/or front windshield to clearly note what they are. In contrast, in New York, it is not required. 
Oh well, here we just call "Ubers" to Uber drivers. But yeah, "must not", sorry for that 
I was more talking about strangers forcing their way into someone else's car. The first assumption of the people I know in Atlanta would be theft or carjacking, not a mistake.  
Haha. I should probably ask them to pay me. If you ever suspect someone of working for a company they are talking a, you should check their post history. Although, I doubt any company's social media people would focus on r/CasualConversation.  Whatever I said about Uber stands true for Lyft too.  
I drive for Uber in Chicago area.  We have to enter all of our vehicle info, including license plates, before being confirmed to drive.   
Considering they go on to say Uber is illegal in Chile, I think it's best if Uber drivers *definitely* do not use the stickers. :P 
I also have a story for that. I was carjacked sitting at the BP on Cleveland Ave but that was my own fault, shouldn't have been in that area to begin with. So yes, you are very right 
I see, I'm not at all familiar with uber so I didn't know this but it seems more organized than I expected. I don't think that information is readily available for regular taxis   
In a taxi cab the driver's full name and ID are visible to passengers at all times, as are phone numbers for governing authorities. 
Probably they do. As I said, I have no idea about regular taxis. Even if they do a background check, I don't suppose passengers can rate drivers or there's an online record of all details. 
Thanks, I enjoy music and writing, but don't see myself making a career out of either. I've written a few children's books that I might try to get published at some point and I started playing piano last year, but have been a little too depressed and focused on getting a job to play recently. I really enjoy running and working out, but I've had to get rid of my gym membership because I don't have any money. Overall i'd say I'm very lucky all things considered, but it's hard to consistently tell myself I should just stay positive and move forward. 
I really appreciate your anecdote, it does help put things in perspective. I kow that realistically I need to accept my situation, stay positive, and move forward, but it's been tough to keep that mindset. 
I don't know why, but this made me laugh. Thank you. 
Thanks, it's absolutely true and I appreciate being reminded of that. 
You do a great job at presenting the problem, but any advice for those going through this? 
I would apply to those "3 years experience" jobs anyway. It's a relatively low bar and it's basically an excuse for them to say "we're not going to train you to do everything."   If you can learn things quickly you'll be fine. Your master's should count for one year, and you can point to many of the projects you've worked on in class as a separate experience. It's double dipping, but only a little.   The biggest problem with starting a career is that nobody wants to hire someone starting out. On paper, it's much safer to go with someone else.  
Sure, i'd run, play the piano, go on vacation, work out. 
Don't join it out of convenience, op . Do it only if you like it. The knowledge gained may not be transferrable to your net job  
Yeah, I know. When you're in a period where everything seems on the down it's hard to stay positive.  I don't know if it works for you but for me structure can make a lot of difference.  If you're not currently working, threat job-searching as an actual job.  Get up early, have breakfast and start your day searching for jobs you like. Apply to them before lunch.  Have lunc for an hour and try to go out for a walk.  In the afternoon handle mails etc, maybe even some administration homework (paying bills etc).  When you're done try to get your food ready and going on a run.  running can make you feel awesome.  in the evening, unwind with something you enjoy.  It makes coping with the days muche easier I find 
Wow I found a mention of /r/accounting in the wild. What a crazy day 
I read this in a book more than 25 years ago. Might have been that one. 
Yes non experienced joiners have to start as an associate  
Well I called it low level because I wasn't even a programmer, I did  CSS, HTML. Pretty much script kiddies even though it was 2003 
Hang in there! I have a job as a business analyst in IT services. Great for someone who wants to be in IT, but I never really wanted to be. I graduated with a degree in sociology and wanted to go into criminal justice. I am trying to join the military now at 30. It's never too late! 
Thanks for the advice mate.  I'm from Indonesia so most college students are expected to do an internship or two before graduating. 
The biggest thing I can recommend is try to grow a network of family and friends. They have been my greatest comfort and strength in tough times. Other than that, try not to worry too much about whether the road you're on is the "right" one. Two proverbs that come to mind are, "9 problems will fall to the wayside before 1 hits you," and the only phrase that can make a happy man sad and a sad man happy, "This too shall pass."  Also, make a budget. It's easy to lose track of how much money you're spending without one. 
Society will need to adapt to ensure people can continue to have a half decent quality of life. Probably something along the lines of job sharing and basic income. Meaning we all work less. Otherwise we're all shafted. 
Yeah, it may be. I recently sent my resume to a Careers Advice person from my old university and they've given me some tips and advice. It's more streamlined now (mine also still had stuff from high school!) so fingers crossed it'll make a difference!  Thanks for the reply :) 
Thank you for the reply. Yeah I agree I should broaden the types of jobs I'm applying for. Great suggestions, I'll look into them!  And positive vibes back to you too! Thanks! 
What was your major? And where are you from if that's not too personal? 
It definitely doesn't hurt to apply. Those job requirements are usually used to negotiate salary, especially if you are on the 'under-experienced' side.     My favorite is the 'Junior' positions that require 5+ years of industry experience. Ha! 
true joining is always a choice. But if you are in the us military you can be entitled to getting the Post 9/11 GI Bill. Thats like $10,000 freely given to any miltary members who want to further their education. Also education is one of the easiest ways to get promoted in the US military next to doing something heroic in battle. My point is don't just pass over the military option, not every job requires being on the front lines of war. 
Thanks, I'll give that a try today. It's early here, so plenty of day to work with. 
Thanks, maybe I should pick up playing the piano again. 
Thanks, and no problem. I used a throwaway account. I have a B.S. in marketing and I live in Los Angeles. 
Unlesss both candidates have no experience, I don't think most employers give a shit about grades. It really says nothing about what you can do for the company.   In fact I've heard from several hiring managers (this is in engineering) that employers tend to stay away from students with near perfect grades.  
Damn, I'm about to start grad studies in pharmacology. Am I screwed? 
If you can, read Mark Cuban's book "How to Win at the Sport of Business"    and not for what's mentioned in the title. He talks about his days after college living in a house with too many other people in a similar situation as you. trying to find employment and working a shit job and always looking for a better opportunity.   
Might I suggest sales? A lot of places that hire inside sales reps do so in droves. They hire anyone who looks good, and the job has a way of self-selecting. People who don't like sales quit quickly, while others can bear it and stay on, and few find that they are really good at it.   Sounds not that great at first, but a lot of companies who hire large amounts of salespeople are more than willing to accommodate you if you prove to not be good at/not like sales but still remain dedicated and a motivated worker. That's how I got my current job as a Market Researcher; I'm only a little ways out from college. Check Glassdoor for places with good work life balance and flexible/understanding management that are hiring inside salespeople. Rule of thumb: if they have a very long (paid of course) training program, that's a very good sign, because they are committed to training employees in the long-term even if some of them won't like sales in the short term.  Just my two cents. 
Cool! Good luck!  I can't say, really. Are you in the US? I'm in Denmark and the whole thing is so vastly different (some of it better, some worse) in Europe and the US that it kinda shouldn't have the same name.  Our PhD is 3 years, but you have to have a MSc before. So our graduate studies are actually 5 years split in two. We have to take courses and teach and it's all very set in stone. Which is stressful in a way, relaxing in a way (I know when I'm gonna graduate) but also makes you really use the time you have. The general morale is also different, you're expected to work hard but also to have a life outside your PhD. Not too much, but enough to keep your sanity at least!  I'm happy at least :) I get to do a lot of cool research and I love what I do (I worked 14 hours yesterday just for the pure joy of it). Even though there are weeks where I feel like it's crushing me.  
Sounds like exactly what I need at this point in my life  
Thanks I will start looking in that direction as well.  
I'm in Canada and we have a similar system! Sounds great, I'm really looking forward to it. Have a great day.  
I think the words "deserve" and "entitled" are basically meaningless here.  Like, some people use "deserve" to mean something like "if OP deserves a job, and wants a job, and doesn't have a job, then that is sad". In that sense, obviously OP deserves a job.  And I think some people use it to mean something closer to "if OP deserves a job, and wants a job, and doesn't have a job, then the system is broken and we should tear it down", and in that sense I don't think OP deserves a job.  I think you're using it closer to the first sense, and thelirivalley is using it closer to the second sense, and it would be clearer if you both stopped trying to use the word and replaced it with what you actually mean. 
Sorry I interpreted that as:  "hey, you know how it's our second date?" "yes" "I'm going to marry your sister." "... You bastard" 
My ex told me she wanted me to marry me someday like 2 months into dating me and then we broke up 2 more months later. Yeah OP slow tf down you're still way too early in the honeymoon phase to legitimately be looking at rings. 
My husband and I did something similar too! Knew we wanted to get married, became something we were talking about all the time with excitement, then decided to "just peek" at rings.   That day he came home with a beautiful blue topaz ring and proposed officially!! 
I noticed this too.  Classic case of only hearing what you want to hear. Two months is nothing. It's a blip of time while wearing rose colored glasses.  I don't see the point of getting married so soon after so little time.  If it's meant to be she will still be there in a year+ after you've gained financial stability and knowledge. 
I was 36 when I met my now-husband.   For years, I said it was insulting and that I would seriously reconsider a relationship with a man who made such a poor choice.   My husband orchestrated this amazing, fairytale proposal.   I mean, a fucking trained dolphin was involved. Seriously.   That night, when I called my parents to tell them, they were appropriately excited for us but they didn't seem surprised.   When I said as much, my mom was like "you have no idea how hard it was to not tell you. I've known for weeks!"  Turns out, hubs asked everyone in my family, including my nieces and nephews, before he asked me.   I really did re-evaluate things. But I arrived at the conclusion that his motives were very good, and that he intended no disrespect by it.   I'm glad I did. We are very happy.  
That's awesome! I don't really believe that you have to wait X amount of years or anything before you ask/talk about it. And thanks :)  
Thanks! Just how well we clicked off the bat, how we literally agree on everything that's important in a relationship, how much I like being with her, and just how much she shows how much I'm appreciated. It's something no girl has really been like before her.  
That's amazing good for you! Any advice for me at this stage from someone with experience?  
That's so sweet it brought a tear to my eye and I'm sending her this comment. Thank you and I hope I am!  
My parents got married at ages 20 and 18, after knowing each other for 4 months.   44 years later, they are still together. They have hated each other for most of my life.   You truly never know...  Which is why making the decision to get married so prematurely is a terrible idea.  
Oh no this isn't happening now at all. We both decided to wait a few months at least I'm not sure why everyone thinks we are going out getting engaged this second. Guess I didn't word it right.  
I like this idea a lot I already go to therapy and he has been helping a lot with this and offered to have her come in for a session with me soon  
Downvotes for a Wayne's World reference? Come on, Reddit. 
Exactly I don't want to wait and let this opportunity pass up. I know people say have fun in your 20s blah blah but I already have a full time job and we are both almost done with school and I've never had more fun than the fun I have when we are together. I don't see a reason to wait.  
 Man, I didn't realize until after college just *how much* we tend to project what we want to see in people we date. Def make sure you're not projecting too much perfection that isn't there.   Plus, what's the point of getting married? I say only get married once you're so comfortable that it seems ridiculous *not* to marry your partner.  That's what I did. The cons of marrying the wrong person greatly outweigh the pros of marrying the right person super young, imho.  
The dad told *his* aunt, though.  "Auntie Jemima, I just **know** I'm gonna marry this girl" 
In my experience almost any couple can make it for 3 months. That's about the cut-off where horrible mismatches start falling apart, but those first 3 months? Pretty much a free pass. 
Well OP has known his gf for 3 months so his is a different situation. 
But unless OP is in some kind of situation where they need to rush in (ex. someone will get deported without marriage) there's no good reason not to have a long engagement and marry in 5 or more years. Even if they know their love is strong enough there are still matters of money, career plans, cohabitation habits, and other things to work out before merging finances and becoming legally married.  
I wish we could have gotten the ring on the spot, but they had to resize it and they're having it delivered by the end of the week lol  
If you live in the Midwest, I recommend Fred Meyer. That's where I got mine. $0 down and 6-12 months interest free depending on the initial price, which was about $500 something, and they had a bunch of discounts applied which got me down to $380.  In retrospect they likely weren't discounts, the ol' retail strategy of saying "you're getting such and such off the price" to make the sale more attractive lol 
Its a good idea though, youre young and 3 months is nothing. But you know she is the one and thats great. I knew I was going to marry my husband within months as well. I was 19 when we started dating and I got married at 25.  
Ive been dating my girl for a year and I know for a fact I'm still waering rose colored glasses. I love her. She loves me. But damn if we aren't rational-ass people who know not to rush things. 
I see it more as fathers want what's best for their children (in this case: daughters) and if a total shitbag was daughter's boyfriend and asked for permissionto marry her, dad could say, "Unfuck yourself, then you can marry my daughter."  
Totally agree on the two years thing. I dated my ex for three years - first two years were great, but during the third things fell apart quickly, and I should have ended it sooner than I did.  But, then again, everyone's different. Could be that these guys will be just fine. 
I'm glad to hear that! I should have done it before my first marriage (always be honest!) and will before my second, even though we are older and have discussed a lot of things already.  
How about because your life expectancy is almost 100 years? 
This is just my opinion but, along with what you mentioned I've found that there's nothing more important than compromise. If both people show equal capability of considering the others needs above their own it will likely work out 
I'm just saying, I don't see anything wrong with talking about marriage that early, or young. I agree they should wait longer to actually get married, but nothing wrong with talking about and getting engaged in the first year of dating.  
That's not a bad idea. I'm on the east coast and was planning to just save up and pay in full but I wouldn't mind the monthly payments instead  
I never thought of it that way, but yeah, many can't see what others can in our SO's.  I know I have tunnel vision and an overawareness when it comes to these things (I am a woman, don't oppress me, blah blah)- not that it's a bad thing.  So thank you for helping me see something other than my norm. 
I totally don't mean anyone is less feminist in that regard, I'm so sorry it came off like that.  I understand when you love someone enough to want to spend your life with them, taking their name is a wonderful testament to the love and commitment.  I'm glad it's a thing we get to choose and not something that is chosen for us.    I'm also glad your husband  (like many others I'm sure) ask the parents.  And it is a nice way to show the family your respect for them and their daughter. Thank you for pointing these things out to me :) 
Sure could be! But then it doesn't matter either if they wait a bit. :)   I am sure some can pull it off, but not everyone, and I think it's better if everyone just waits to see what team they are! We all can easily feel our love is special. I was wrong, but for OP I hope he and his girlfriend were right.  
You can also go to antique stores! They have super pretty rings for $100-$300. You don't have to deal with a monthly payment, just resizing! Plus they already have a story which you'd be adding onto!  
I don't have a sex playlist. In fact I don't listen to music during sex. Well.. there was that one time when we blasted Vampire Weekend... Wasn't my idea though!  
I get the same feeling too, with 2 songs in particular. I'm not very open with my emotions, so it's beneficial knowing I can still feel all that shit after the fact too. 
That's exactly what I do too- it's also interesting because looking back you can tel which few months I was more stressed about school than others (the music is sadder/slower) 
My sort-of-ex (we had a super short relationship) keeps trying to introduced introduce me but though I like some of the songs (Blood, Sweat, tears, Chained up, B-DAY) I can't imagine watching the dances over and over again like she does. 
Chrono Trigger ftw.  Anyway, I always thought that situation happened only in movies ("I love you, you're amazing, we're perfect for each other, but we have to break up because reasons.") People really find the love of their life and break up because of logistics? How "amazing" could it have been? Not attacking you I just always assumed people were remembering those relationships with unrealistic fondness. Anyway hope you're doing well! 
Yea I use it to bond with people too. I remember many nights just laying in bed at a girls house just getting them to show me their favourite songs n shit. I think you can tell a lot about a person by what music they listen to. One girl was all classic and alternative rock, another was pop, my girl now is all rap and sexy r&b, it's real interesting. I just wish Spotify didn't cap at 3,333 songs on a device so I wouldn't have to delete anything for my new shit. 
Oh lord you poor soul. I was into p!atd  for a solid three minutes, though I have to say my 21 pilots phase took about 6 months to kick. 
It happens to the best of us, stay strong brother. 
As a chronically depressed person, I listen to sad music because it helps me feel not alone with my feelings when no one I know is as depressed as I am.  
Yo I got stretches of classic rock, indie, metal, classical, edm, house, and remixes through out my whole shit, and my typical genres are rap and soul. My minds been opened to basically all genres if it sound good to me now. 
I completely understand this. There's alone particular artist that, even though it's been almost 4 years and I hardly even think about the person anymore, gives me those sad pangs of missing her. Goes away pretty shortly after.  Lady Antebellum, for specificity's sake 
Same here. I have one list that I can't even listen to. It's kind of cool to know that other people do this:) 
I'm starting to feel that too! I used to never be able to get into hip hop / Rap but I've found artists that have made me enjoy it a little more. What are 3 bands that you would recommend right off the top of your head? I'll give you mine!   1.) Hiatus Kaiyote 2.) Boards of Canada 3.) The War on Drugs 
Need You Now? That was 6 years ago, I feel old as shit now. 
That's dope, if you ever got to the point of marriage it'd be cool to bring those things out during your vows. 
Oh shit, I know Hiatus Kaiyote's song Nakamurra.  If we talkin rock/indie  1) Gates  2) Young The Giant  3) City and Colour  If we talkin rap  1) Oddisee  2) Joey Bada$$  3) Isaiah Rashad  But I'm in love with SZA's new album Ctrl right now. 
That and Run to You.  And yeah, it's been a hot minute since all of that. It's weird. 
Hey if you know Nakamurra then you'll probably like their other great songs! Molasses, Borderline with my Atoms, and Breathing Underwater. Such a funky band.  I haven't heard of Gates and City and Colour but YTG is great! I'm gonna look through your rap suggestions see if there is anything I like. 
Oof. That's debatable. I'm a fan of Bryn and I actually do like Kwassa Kwassa a lot.  
I've not met another Nightwish fan for a while on Reddit. I spent two years listening constantly to their albums, starting when Nemo  came up on a Spotify playlist. They're a great band, I loved the album Oceanborn and their newest album, but sadly I overlistened and can't get back into them, or other symphonic metal like Within Temptation.   I still know the lyrics to so many of their songs though, *including* Nemo. 
Yeah? That's interesting. While I do like Kwassa Kwassa, I usually skip Bryn. M79 and Walcott are my jams for sure.  
They're all pretty good songs! Glad someone out there appreciates them. Too bad they broke up :(  
Thank you! The age gap has rubbed some people the wrong way, but a lot of our friends and family support us. She makes me truly happy and has made me see meaning in life as I really wanted to end my life shortly after my wife died, she has made me want to keep going and I love her so much!  
Thanks, she makes me happy and has helped me through my depression and I can't wait to marry her this weekend!  
Well, Reddit kept me busy for over 12 hours a day for the last 3 years. I would not be here to reply to you if Reddit hadn't kept me company honestly...   I just signed a 1 year lease with my new gf. Hang in there, someone is looking for you right now!  
The biggest difference I saw play out in real life was 25 years.  He passed when he was 87.  They had 2 kids. They were married over 20 years and were very happy.  
Thanks, I do think some days that I'm just an old man, but my fiancee makes me feel so young! I love her so much!  
As someone who's finished two relationships from 10-14 years older, I hope I get this peace of mind. There are spells where I feel stable enough to let their opinions bounce off, but there are other times I'm terrified of loving someone that much older than me and I start feeling like I'm not equal, even though every experience has told me I am.  
My gf is older, makes less money and is average looking.   But we laugh like idiots when we are together, it's fantastic! Wasted 22 years with someone that was pretty to look at...  
I'm so happy for you. Everybody deserves to keep getting (and giving) love specially more after going through a hard time in their life. Glad you could find that again. 
I married my, then 54 year old huband, when I was 20. Our 3 year anniversary is on the 16th. We got a lot of shit for the age difference, and I'm sure you have too. We lost some friends and I grew apart from my parents for a time. I'm close with my parents again, but some of the friends we lost have stayed lost. I hope everyone is treating you both well.  
Whoa whoa whoa. You go on this whole thing defending them, and saying the young woman is not necessarily a "young, pretty, lively subservient bride," but then go on to say "a 20 yo woman wants a sugar daddy" ?   You're making an equally unfair assumption.  
Well my date for tonight cancelled on me not to long ago, so that's not helping my mood much either. I was starting to suspect she didn't like me anyway. 
It's situational/anecdotal. I have family where the wife was 20 years his junior and they were together for 20 years before he passed away. But that doesn't mean that it's going to work in every situation. I dated a man sixteen years older than myself and it was definitely a mistake on my part to date him in the first place. Sometimes age is more than a number. 
I worry about the judgements of strangers mostly. I always have and I don't know why. 
I would probably kick my bf in the nuts if he described me as average looking to a bunch of strangers. Lol. Come on dude! 
I'm so happy that I've been able to go through the last few years with her and make it through my depression.  
There's a lot of years between my husband and I too and we couldn't be happier. Two years strong. :-) Only time I remember he's older than me is when strangers make snide comments. :-( 
I have a 10 year difference and am 37. It is now meaningless. Totally meaningless.  Slight difference in musical taste, thats it.  
We've gotten a lot of criticism from some people at her workplace and we have been criticised by many other people about our age gap. But we don't care and her parents are happy for us both, we've lost some friends over this, but other friends have stayed with us and supported us throughout.   
You're right, I should've phrased it better. It's not that a 20 yo wants a sugar daddy, it's the most people who want sugar daddies happen to be in their early 20's.  
Its okay, now you have more time to spend on reddit? 
Fun fact: Everytime a girl kicks a guy in the nards, a unicorn dies.  
I don't know if you have noticed but your current wife is approximately as old as your deceased wife would be today. 
12 year gap (she's 25) for me and I am also 37. Her and I are building our life together and it's wonderful. 
Good to hear. You don't need those friends you lost anyway. Have fun at your wedding and have a great honeymoon. Best wishes for your future.  
As a 20 year old, I'd love a sugar daddy; my wallet and tuition both agree. 
I can confirm that Reddit has never cancelled a date with me. 
I think you got confused mate.. He said he was with his deceased wife for 20 yrs.. They got married at 29, the same age as his current fiancee is 
Thank you! I can't wait for our honeymoon either!  
I think Reddit would be more likely to not realize you asked it for a date until later on, then post a TIFU about it! 
That's so exciting! The wait must be a drag but they do say it's who you know and not what you know. My fingers are crossed! 
You will be in my position, if you want to get there then the only thing holding you back is yourself. It took me five years to get back into education, I kept putting it off each year until I finally realised I needed to otherwise I will never progress.  If you truly want to then go for it! 
Sorry, the American education system is different to mine, could I get an eli5 on the "big ol' super 8"? And the 4.6?  I assume 9.7 is out of 10 and that's fantastic!  
I've heard the first year referred to as a throw away year, it's a chance for people to learn the standard requirements and gives valuable insight into their capabilities. You can only ever improve from those foundations. Being an A student now is fantastic and I hope you go as far as you can. 
That's only a few days away!   Year one has been fun but I'm excited to be getting one step closer to graduating. 
Ah that feeling is awful, I'm sure you have done well and that there is nothing to fear. Have a relaxing night and try to stay positive. 
Still an accomplishment to be proud of, enjoy that feeling. 
Absolutely, my problem now though is that I have nothing to do until September, yeah I have a part time job and volunteer but nothing to challenge me. I'm really looking forward to going back. 
Graduation must've been so exciting, what's next for you? 
A local one within a small town that has only been established as a university centre for a few years.   I'm positive you have passed the year though, when do you hear back about the last module? 
try to attend every lecture/pay attention/study, try new things and as always have fun! 
Job happiness is essential, you need to do what makes you happy. I hope all comes your way. 
Thank you, the next few weeks will fly by and then that awful waiting period sets in while everything is being marked.  Hope you have done well. 
I know! It's strange, love it though. It's always so nice when a community bands together.  This is no longer my achievement, it's ours. 
It is a great feeling and yeah I focus on what's ahead but I have time to celebrate this achievement  Feedback is always necessary, it's part of the process to learn from mistakes and improve.  I agree, being at university has opened many doors with many people I would not have met otherwise and the support is amazing. 
How long is the exam?  Make sure to stay hydrated and best of luck. 
It'll only ever improve from here. You have the basics behind you now to bounce from. 
How do you feel they both went? I'm awful being put on the spot, would rather do essays. 
That's what I like to hear!  Are you finished completely or due to go back in September? 
August is such a long way away, fingers crossed on your results.  Sounds like you've had an interesting two years.  In year two I'll be looking at legislation in practice, capacity, professional competence and three more modules I cannot remember off the top of my head. 
You can tell me and Reddit, I'm always happy to hear about peoples accomplishments  
To be fair an apprenticeship is brilliant, depending on the pay. Learning on the job and earning is the best way. 
Sounds cool, what are you planning to do after you graduate? 
Thanks!  I study at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ) and here we have a simple 0.0 to 10.0 grading system, with 5.0 being the passing grade. Anything 8 or above is great and makes you a good candidate for scientific scolarships, exchange programs and whatnot. 
It is! Super exciting but making me so nervous!   I can imagine. It goes crazy fast so make sure to enjoy it and do as much as you can! I'm dreading having to go back to full time work haha  
gonna watch it with my cousins at the end of this month on my visit to India! 
Yeah but having a break is important. It's super easy to burn out if you push it too hard. Now when you go back you'll be super charged! 
I'm traveling for a bit, then starting a job in July and moving into my first apartment in September! It's a pretty exciting time. 
nicely done! I will actually be studying abroad in the UK this fall! 
Really well overall. I had Science and Maths Paper 2. Science went great and Maths Paper 2 may be the best I've ever done in a maths exam. Unfortunately Maths Paper 1 didn't go as well as I'd hoped but I'm hoping Paper 2 will even things out. I'd love a B at this point. 
I'll be earning less then minimum wage for the first year but I plan on clocking in overtime so hopefully income should be steady :P 
Go for a masters degree in social work, that is still a long way off and plans can change.   If they change, there is a fair few mental health services in the area that I currently volunteer with, hopefully I can use this to my advantage and secure a job in the industry. 
Ahhhh, so you have done extremely well to get an 8 and you deserve some credit too. Congratulations and I hope you have a good day. 
It won't be that bad, once the routine sets in you'll be fine. 
Fingers crossed they come sooner, it's a good film. You won't get spoilers from me. 
You have a great point, the break will do me good and that's a positive. 
Oh I'm ahead of you there. I spent last night with friends and I'm spending tonight having a celebration drink. 
Moving is scary, do you have people to help you move? 
Hard work and dedication paid off yesterday, nana hug made my day today.  
Sweet! Where in the UK? Have you got accommodation sorted and student finance? 
When do you find out the results? The hard part is waiting now. Fingers crossed though  
That's a bit harsh but only a small sacrifice to make. All the best 
I'm considering music or biochemical science. My First choice for music is UNC Chapel Hill and my first choice for science is UC Berkely.   
Well, I'm only moving about 1.5 miles from where I live now, so it's not too scary. Cities man. 
Yeah, right now I think I can pass it all. Just need to keep motivating myself to give 100% throughout this whole month.  
Get the results around halfway through Summer which is annoying, fingers crossed like you said. 
That sounds great. What are you thinking of doing after you finish?   
Two completely different subjects, thats amazing.  I'd like to say go with your passion but sometimes you need to look at what's available in the job market and go from there.  I do wish you all the best with your choices and look forward to hearing about your adventures. 
That's alright then, thought you was going cross country. 
Finding motivation can be difficult to do, I know it sounds strange but is there anyone you can kind of compete with? Create a mini bet between you and them to see who can do better?  Friendly competition helps to motivate. 
That wait is a killer but enjoy the freedom for now.  
Interview is the first step, fingers crossed it plays out right for you and the wait isn't too long. 
Social work with vulnerable adults. I'll need a masters first and plans might change. 
Thank you! Best wishes to you and your future career! 
It's possible. In America, there is the option to "double major" which is essentially the same. I can also "minor" in either which allows me to go a bit deeper than regular classes. 
Great! My school offered a free college selection service and I matched highly with those two. Thank you! 
Possibly, however I'm leaning towards the research field. 
Yup, I have such friend. Right now, yeah I use them as motivation but I draw the line from being over-competitive as that will just stress me out.  
Not even free yet sadly, got one more big day of exams tomorrow and then its all easy stuff from then on. 
Yep. If you can pass the interview stage you are pretty much good to go. I hate interviews but the agency said they'll give me a helpful guide on what questions they will ask and how to answer them. So hopefully that will work out. 
The best of luck for you!   I would much like to get a masters in my field as well, just to boost that salary up a little bit  
Get some real research experience before doing that 
All the best to you, now to be fatherly; get off Reddit and revise  
Ah that's good, means you can prepare.  My bit of advice if you'll accept it; ask your own questions at the end. It shows an interest in the company and your understanding.   An interview is to get a feel for you but also for you to get a feel for the company so don't shy away from asking daft questions or even complex ones to better understand the environment you'll be going into. 
That's exactly why I'm going for it, it feels so intimidating right now though. 
I hope so! When I eventually go if I major in biochemistry I'm going to look at internships and lab classes. 
Thanks! What sort of interview questions would you ask? It's a two stage interview process, first one is telephone and then a face to face interview. Would I ask questions in both interview stages? 
The telephone interview will be generic tick box questions with a guy who might not know the information you seek so save it for the face to face.  As for questions I don't know, a quick google search might help you out and give you a rough idea.  It's been so long since I've had an interview I can't remember all the details, sorry I can't help much more than that. 
It can be difficult getting to know someone. Sometimes taking a chance is worth it though.  
Quite likely the case. She's a bit weird, but I love that. 
This was exactly my experience.  I always thought the ideal of romance and affection and emotions and just being able to connect on every level with a man was a pipe dream. I had never been in love, and never expected I would be.  Finding someone who could handle my weirdness and pitch in some of his own, someone who was open to expressing how he feels about me and does it often, someone who's compassionate and kind and gentle... all of it seemed like something from a book, something that would never happen, especially not to ugly, dumb, annoying, crazy me.  Then it did, and my life was changed, and I can't imagine life without him.  Congrats to OP, and congrats to you as well! :) 
Just jump in with both feet. Don't overthink it. If it was meant to be you'll know. :) 
Yup, like she encourages me and makes me want to be a better person. I hope she feels that I do the same for her. 
Yeah, it seems you're right. I was a bit of an idiot for thinking I did understand and that everyone else was the idiot for believing in love. 
Love is a great drug. And as with any great drug, love will ruin your life.  
I don't even know who I want to take my chances with. 
i feel exactly the way you do, which is why i'm going to tell you exactly what my girlfriend keeps telling me: YOU ARE WRONG.   you are NOT the person you've been taught to believe you are. you are NOT ugly, dumb, annoying, or crazy. you deserve to be loved. you deserve to feel the way your boyfriend makes you feel. you have  been hurt, and lied to, and abused for so long that you have come to believe to deserve it. YOU DESERVE TO BE LOVED.  i keep needing to be reminded. i think maybe we all do. :) 
Yep, they'd both be out of my life immediately. Getting back up after being knocked down is my definition of strength like you've done. It is very admirable.  
Thank you so much for this, it brought me to tears and was exactly what I needed to hear after a long day of my 4yo throwing fits and just being awful to me (such a fun phase).  You're absolutely right. We *do* deserve to be loved.  Thank you. 
I lost two childhood friends in a car accident seven years ago when I was 17 years old and I never cried (or cried for something else since then) and ended up being a pretty cold and unfazed person from it.  Then earlier this spring I was just chilling one night listening to music while sipping on a Vanilla Coke. Out of the blue I remembered back to fourth grade when I was the new kid in school and my two new friends took me on a little adventure off school grounds (which was forbidden of course) to go buy something at a nearby grocery store. That's when we all tried Vanilla Coke for the very first time.  So I started thinking about shit like how that one adventure, or the other times we were together now only exists in my own clouded memory and eventually they will be gone forever.  All those suppressed feelings just came out of nowhere and I bawled my eyes out for like an hour. It really did feel great to have a good cry. I forgot how snotty you get though! 
Its strange cause I dont cry. I am an emotional person but it takes a lot to push me to tears.   But this was so sudden. Thanks btw! 
Which equates to 2.5(ish) centimeters per inch so the average person who is 5 feet 8 inches is 170cm tall(not taking into account be quarter and half inches) 
No idea. I know the metric system, I just can't convert. 
"How tall are you?"  "-sharp inhale- 4'20""  "Nice."    So how tall is the average Chicago resident? 
i almost have to climb *into* the washing machine to get anything out from the bottom of the inside bucket thing 
I have no idea about the average, but definitely higher than 5'8"". 
Don't really know...maybe just above average.  I do not even know what my exact height lol 
Just lean over and whisper, "hey, baby. I'm over one thousandth of a nautical mile long, if you know what I mean."  If she doesn't know what you mean, you're set. 
My Dad is 69 inches tall? I remember he bought it up a few years ago after realising himself. 
Well I'm from Australia so we use Metric for everything... except cooking.  Apparently a teaspoon is a real measurement, but like why, why not just say how many of something in grams or millilitres. I am so confuse 
How does your family manage to look you in the eyes for the shame you bring your parents for being so short?  
That's like me. Average is 5'10". However, I live in a place that's taller than average so I feel like a dwarf sometimes. I have a friend who is 6'7" with a full beard, then there's me. I only shave for fun because I can't grow anything. It's like Bilbo running around with the dwarves. 
Same. And it's kind of the in-between period right now where one week it's not as balls and the other it's raining like shit. 
*Yeah, summer gets way too hot sometimes, but sometimes it's raining and I like when it's raining.* 
*What about late autumn when it's raining and it's dark?* 
Yup. Spring as a continuous season hasn't been a thing in awhile. Those 60-70 degree spurts from January to May mixed in with 25-50 degree weather kind of suck. It doesn't stay warm til June, even May has days where you need a coat. 
Same. Plants are starting to bloom but there's not too many bugs yet, it's warm but it's not too hot yet, and lots of rain. Love it. 
*What about late fall when  it's dark and rainy all the time?* 
*Hey, Lizzy! I like spring, too. But I love autumn more. I love how melancholic everything is .* 
*Do you like the sea? I absolutely love to be by the sea when the sky is grey, there's little rain and heavy wind.* 
*I like that in the autumn the new seasons of my favourite TV shows start...* 
What about moving to a place where it's usually cold? Like Alaska or Canada  
And now I don't have to be forced to go outside coz nobody wants to go out! Perfect! 
Haha. Not blaming the weather, but sometimes it really sucks when you just stayed at home the whole day, it's very hot. But when you planned to go out, it's raining heavily. 
Maybe that part not quite so much.  But the rest of it is awesome. =) 
Yeah, I love the smell of Fall. People start using their fireplaces, burning leaves, the smell of cooking pumpkins on Halloween night.  Fall is full of great smells.  
You're from Spain? Hello from America! :)   As long as I have loads of water with me, I'm fine. Pools help also haha 
Dope af.  It's 5pm and it's night all of the sudden?  That's pretty cool. 
*I actually do, and that visual sounds incredibly appealing. Near which sea do you live?* 
If people force you to go outside, you need new friends. ^^And ^^by ^^new ^^friends ^^I ^^mean ^^delete ^^all ^^your ^^contacts ^^and ^^become ^^a ^^recluse. ^^Trust ^^in ^^the ^^wisdom ^^of ^^the ^^hermit. 
*The Baltic Sea... but it's still pretty far away, so I rarely visit it.* 
*I occasionally write in italics. I am more of an italics casual* 
See, and if I moved up north, maybe summer would become my fav season lol.   I just can't deal with too hot of temperatures. Anything above 80 degrees F is too hot for me, unless you have very little to no humidity.   I just can't deal with humidity. Right now it's hot as fuck outside and it's actually like, 70 degrees, but with the humidity it feels like 90 F. It sucks. A lot. Plus I can't breath & I gag and occasionally vomit from the heat. The only thing I can do to beat the heat is *literally* be non-stop drinking a water, but then I have to pee non-stop. 
I hope you know if you move up North winter Will probably be your worst season without a doubt. They are long and fairly Cold(actually not that Cold as you may think) and its dark. Really dark. You're Lucky if the Sun is up 4 hours. 
I don't drive yet but I live in Chicago so snow is big here. My family has 2 4-wheel drive vehicles because of snow 
*Yes, chili powder. I also love that other chili a lot.* 
I said almost exactly the same thing when the Honda finance guy tried to sell me an extended warranty. 
Excuse me I'm not from the US. Where else can one get a car if not from a dealership?! 
Yes--all the math throws them off! I hated that my husband had to save me but whatever.  
Uh, financially it actually makes sense if your lease payments include an interest. You actually pay less if you pay more up front. 
You can't buy directly from the manufacturer. So now there's a middle man that's bumping up the prices so they can make a profit.  
Yeah, I didn't tell them about my sheet at first, so they tried ripping me off. Their first couple of quotes were $100-$150 over. 
Depends on the interest. If you take $1000 out of an account that's earning 5% to pay a 3% loan you're losing money. 
Maybe one day I can pop into a BMW dealership and buy something... 
True. Most people aren't, though. The average person (me) doesn't have accounts earning 5% interest.  If you do, you already know more about finance than most people and shouldn't listen to my mediocre advice on reddit :) 
That sounds sketchy. The $1000 up front should have saved you more than $1000 in total from the lease payments.  Your dealer really does use weird dealer math then. 
You can, you just can't buy new cars straight from the factory in some states 
Keep in mind, luxury brands already make their profit on the sale of the vehicle, both a larger dollar amount and a larger percentage of what you pay than the average economy car. Their most lucrative deal is to keep a good relationship with you, so they make the buying process very friendly and pain-free.   Besides, what point is a 5+ year extended warranty when they'd rather you kept your car for 2-4 years (when it depreciates the most) and then buy it back from you cheap, and then sell you another brand new car (plus whatever they make off selling your "certified pre-owned" trade-in)  Economy cars/brands are still the best deals as long as you don't pay for anything you don't want; that leaves the sales people little wiggle room to buff up their commissions.  Source: am also a numbers guy that knows a little about cars 
I think they realized we were in sort of a hurry to deal with it and leave. My wife has insisted on turning her Nissan in for another Nissan for the past three cars and specifically a Rogue. I hate the car but it's alright for what it is. We went to a different dealer this last time and the guy kept playing games and my wife was like, "alright we're out of here" and he chased us down and gave us what we wanted.no weird extra cash needed.  
I got a stupid good deal on my BMW. 09 335i coupe in black. 46k miles, 1 owner, clean title,  $19,9. But they also stuck me with a $600 dealer fee and taxes.  
Yeah, like if my paychecks keep up with inflation, while my debt stays fixed, I will come out ahead.  
My quick calc shows that over a 4 year period the avg $4200 payment will feel like $4075 at today's rate once inflation is taken into account. The more you can put off paying the better. Unless of course there is any sort of interest. 
I shouldn't have to go through a car dealership to buy a used car. How is this legal? The transaction is between me and my neighbor. Im not talking about paying for the car I'm talking about paying for a dealership to sell me my neighbor's car! 
but the calculation is not taking into account the top level price is  usually 20-25% inflated over fair marker price for the vehicle 
He's literally saying he bought a used car off of another person. Not a dealership.  
I misunderstood. I thought he meant that he have to go through a car dealership to buy his neighbor's car. 
Glad to meet you here, Margaret! How have you been? 
Finishing a dissertation is pretty badass on it's own.  Things getting even better is awesome! 
I don't remember how I found it either, but I've never left.  :) 
I'm guessing you're in the Southern hemisphere then?  I've only really seen snow once.   
Wow, that's a lucky random click.    I'm sorry you're still not entirely thrilled with work, but at least it's a step in the right direction. 
I see what you did there, Brain.   But how will we get the pants on the monkeys? 
Me too! Have met some truly awesome people here, yourself included! 
*Things are getting better. Yay. I also read an interesting book and now I can't think on anything other than that book...* 
Haha not exactly a diary but basically back in high school (which was 3 years ago) I talked to this girl almost daily on Facebook so I figured I would be able to check back on chat logs to see what we were talking about.  I'm currently in college but still a first year but hoping to study Psychology! 
Can't wait for it to be over. Even though I'm done for the summer I keep having a reoccurring dream that its the day of a final and I forgot to study 
As are you, Putty! Hope all's going well with you! :) How have you been? 
That's what other mods like u/LionGhost say.  Maybe one of yall should post a question about this sub on there to possibly get even more people on here. 
*sigh* No Pinky, we're trapped! We must find another way out! 
It's quite wonderful isn't it. Met many a great people around here! 
This sub is incredibly diverse and that's one of my favourite things about it :D 
Hey that's cool! What's the name of the book? I'm starting back to reading myself, actually. 
I'm at two!  But hopefully more to come, I'm meeting so many awesome people.  
That's awesome!  I love seeing Bollywood routines.  I bellydance, and it has a lot of the same basics.  
I have recurring dreams about sitting for a final for a class I forgot to attend all summer.  And I graduated in 2004.  It just never stopped.  
Whoah has that happened to you?? I haven't had that experience yet but HMU IF YOU'RE IN THE BAY AREA, California people! 
*It was a long essay, called 'The Myth of Sisyphus' by Albert Camus...* 
The next time I visit Florida, I'll make sure to meet you! 
Yea I know that feeling I make long haul flights twice a year to go to the northern hemisphere for your winter. It sucks, but it's worth it!  
Oh cool! I only know some of the basics of belly dancing but it's a lot of fun from what I've done. I'll link to a video of my routine once I'm allowed to release it if you'd like to see it!  
Yup, I've met two CC'ers so far.  I'm Bay Area, but Florida.  :)   
Sounds cool; I'll have to look that up!  Any other weekend plans? 
It won't be allowed in the sub as it's considered PI, but PMs are fine, and I'd love to see if you're willing to share.  :)  
*Nah, kinda sick. Gonna stay at home and watch the telly a lot.* 
Oops! I surely will. It might be a while from now as we are just filming for the next month but I'll share it when I can.  
No I didn't! Do you mean Animaniacs or the Pinky and the Brain show? 
OMG FLORIDA IS NOT ALLOWED TO CALL ANY OTHER STATE CONFUSING 
Our news is literally Bay News 9.  YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONES WITH A BAY. 
So just every six months you switch hemispheres, dang.  Do you work remotely? 
Yeah this flick is NOWHERE near that mature haha. CU was entertaining but I did read the books as a kid and I mainly went as a service to that 
If you read the books there are definitely a lot of shoutouts which I loved. But this is definitely a kids show with a TON of lowbrow humor 
Omg the references, Harold and George's over-the-top-ness and the sprinklings of more adult humor a la failings of the public school system did it for me. It definitely sated the nostalgic in me while my adult, mature side is "who the hell is this manchild, idk him. I'm gonna induce dissociative disorder to just get me the hell out of here" 
Omg I also really wanted to see F8 when that came out too. All my friends were like 'Bruh, your taste in movies suck.' I mean I do got tastes fir the unusual 
Omg going with some friends would def have gotten rid of most my shame. What inspired you guys fill watch it? 
I really enjoyed the references to the book. And they had some pretty nice political jokes about public schools. Animation was amazing. Other than that they really run the Poopypants name joke to the ground 
Def do that. Walking oitta that theater felt weeeeiiirrrddd 
I mean......it does have its adult funny moments but SOOOO much of the humor is child-level toilet humor which is to be expected. Definitely made for the kids more so than those who read them as kids.  If you have kids, bring them. You'll get a lot less weird looks coming out of the theater. If it goes on Netflix, watch it there and have no one else be all the wiser 
Yeah I figured after I walked out haha. If anyone asks me irl what I saw, Imma say I saw Megan Leavey 
The references were spot on. I also liked the political references.  
We had all read at least one of the books as kids. I love Pilkey for all his books, the voice actors were awesome, and we all heard good things from parents who saw it with their kids. Why not right?  
My sons loved this movie.   I invited 5 of their friends and we had a big movie party.  Picture 7 kids between 6-8 years old all roaring with laughter for 90 minutes.  Thanks to some of the jokes, I later had to explain to my 6 year old what an anus is.    
As a public school kid the political were soooo on point. They nailed how it feels in a bad public school and even though it was super over the top, they nailed what it felt like when your bff moves to a different class. Hell I still felt like George and Harold when I was in college and my friends switched classes 
I wish I had white hair... I'd look just like one of those character's in my japanese animes! (ie. Kaworu) 
Yes exactly! With my Nan being sick and dying this year, I've learned not to worry about small stuff anymore. It isn't worth it  
I'll work on getting a picture posted! It's not completely white yet, not even close, but I have more white in it than before  
I love seeing natural greys and whites in people's hair, personally; there's something vaguely dignified about it to my eyes. 
Yes vitiligo is exactly what it is haha I have a bunch of weird things. Turners Syndrome, I'm deaf, and vitiligo haha  
I'm really sorry for your loss! I know it was really hard for me to accept when my grandmother died, but at some point you must acknowledge that it happened and appreciate the good times in life. 
Awesome. Good on you for embracing it. It's honestly a look that most girls can't get without it looking extremely fake and using tons of chemicals. I don't know if I want to call you lucky for having whatever condition you have, but you might as well make the best out of it. 
Dealing while on probation. Sounds like a class act, that one. 
Most of my close friends from back then moved on, like you did, but the guy that texted me still lives in the area and last I'd heard, he was doing pretty well for himselr. I was just hoping he'd want to grab a beer and catch up. But nope, just wanted another pawn in his money game. 
Well, I suppose I'm glad the guy I talked to launched right into his pitch and didn't waste my time then!  
I've gathered since out chat that he's got a daughter, recently got engaged to his daughter's mother, and has a steady job. My guess is he was feeling infallible after his girlfriend gave birth, he got engaged, and started his job. It appears (based on his facebook account,) that those things happened, in that order, just before he got sucked in to this shitty scheme. So it seems he's doing fine, he's just naive and/or gullible. 
That sucks. Sometimes I wonder why people have to be such crappy humans. I'd love to catch up with some old friends - but most of them have moved on to be shit heads. Keep your head up! We don't need people like that in our lives.  
Yes, you're very fortunate that way! lol  On the flip side, I've reached out to people and have had people (some who I wasn't even super close to) reach out to me after YEARS just to say "I randomly thought of you the other day" or "I still remember how nice/funny/awesome you were" 
If he's been sucked in to a pyramid scheme his luck is going to run out pretty soon!   Either way, let it go man.  
Nah, I know. He and I weren't super close, but like I said, most of my high school circle is elsewhere, and the few that are still around either got into drugs or just lost touch. I have other friends now, but I still think about the old crew and wonder what they're up to once in a while. 
Well, that's always nice! Hope you found a job, by the way. I know that can be tough. 
I can concur. I Facebook stalk my old friends on occasion so I can catch up on their lives. I feel like I wonder about them more than they wonder about me.  
Thank you! I'm interning somewhere right now to build experience and it's paid (not much, but still a huge blessing). Hopefully, it'll lead me to something more permanent  
I should've stalked on this guy, then maybe I'd have realized that every single post he's made for two months was related to his scheme. Oh well!  
It worked out for one of my friends, and it can happen for you too! Good luck! 
I've thought about it for that particular person, I am just waiting to see how it will go now...I may need to minimise our contact. I think, unfortunately, that he is still interested in me in a more-than-just-friends way though we've talked about it and I said I wasn't feeling the same way...who knows.   Thanks for the advice! 
Hi! I enjoy videogames too! Lets virtually hang out! 
Hm, you are right...I probably have to change my mentality and maybe the way I approach people and things. As for the friends, I think I am ready to say "enough is enough" if I feel too uncomfortable,  I am out of patience and I guess I might not be the most awesome friend but I can't exactly change myself now completely.    
Haha, well that is a good thing.   It gives you the higher ground I think! 
I actually think this way as well. The trouble starts when I notice that many people have a not so friendly stance and I start to wonder what I do wrong...  Maybe it's really nothing or maybe I should change something. Of course I won't become a hypocrite just so some people will like me but if I am wrong somewhere I need to know. 
You are right, I am sure I come off as cold to many people. I want to change that and I think I have, to a certain degree, but sometimes I cannot be consistent about it and I fall back to the old ways.   Still, it should be my focus if I want to make people comfortable in talking to me. 
Ahahahah, cool story.   Yeah a whack with a stick may solve any kind of problem. 
Thank you!  Yes, I felt this way too where I don't really care if everyone likes me, it is impossible after all.  However, I seem to notice that even my professors at university seem kinda weird around me. Well, not everyone but some do.  Maybe they do this with other people though so I might be reading too much into that.   I guess I have to accept that I am not as easy to like as other people might be since I am kind of distant inherently.  
Exactly, I am sure I have misinterpreted actions or words that people say to me, it's inevitable in this life and maybe I take some things more seriously than I should. I wish it were easy to know the intentions of others but sometimes you just gotta ask.   Maybe I'm just feeling low lately and that is why certain behaviours are impacting me more.  That was a great story and thank you for sharing it! Now if there's anything that bothers you, you can approach him as a friend and tell him. 
Those are some good advice! Thank you :)   I was actually thinking of doing some martial arts maybe next year so that would probably make me feel better and maybe get to know more people.   About that book, I think I read some chapters in the past it really is a very practical book.   I might need to read it once more though. 
Babies of animals are eaten and it is okay so, yeah got you there!   
At least we are not alone!   I actually thought about it being about looks and I thought the same thing as you. However, In the end I believe that it is most likely due to my low self esteem and bad mood showing in my face etc than anything else since even less attractive people have friends and are even more like able than some really good looking people who are distant, you know?  It has to do with people feeling comfortable approaching you and I know that I don't make ppl feel that way. I also don't make much eye contact which I think ppl might find suspicious so yeah.  I am still figuring this out but I think it can be solved though it won't be easy... 
Hey, I think that in your case it's probably people not understanding how you interact since you said you are not good at human interactions. I am not great either especially when I am tired and don't feel like putting the work to be friendly but that's cause I am mostly an introvert.  So, yeah people won't understand who you are deep inside since they only get to judge you from one or two conversations but don't bring yourself down. People who know you well value you so I am sure when others get to know you well enough they will see who you are.  Yeah, this friend of mine is kind of strict when it comes to friendship. I made a huge mistake lately for which I apologized but maybe he hasn't forgiven me yet :/. 
Thank you!  I am trying to have a good mindset even though there might be some negativity.   Well, everyone deals with that anyway. 
You sound like you have thought well about the situation you're in and are dealing it very maturely, that's good!   Obsessing about something certainly won't resolve it, I know so I will try to keep it in the back of my mind.  Also, what happens in school may seem very important but it is not that much. You realize that after you graduate. I was not a popular kid either, barely talked with half of my class but whatever.   
Ah yes, the internet can be a really cruel place.   Don't take it personally though, everyone is trolled or attacked by people who are going through tough times in the real world and need to vent somewhere.   Also, usually trolls are kids so yeah. 
Yeah, people are different when in groups. It requires a different approach in that setting since when there are many people it is difficult to really bond with everyone there.  But since you are good at interacting one on one I am sure you will be fine in larger groups..it usually requires commenting on what other people are saying or sharing a story or a joke. That's about it in my experience. 
You are not wrong. I am  not on my best psychological state lately and I know this is probably affecting how I seem to people.  It's just that I feel like I might never change and will always make a bad impression. Well, not to everyone but to many people.  It's probably not true though, I just got to work and better myself. 
Deeper connections are hard to come across but definitely one way to have one is by being with the same person daily as you said.  I know that I restrict myself with my personality sometimes in that I don't share a lot about myself or only superficial things and nothing really emotionally deep.  However, my friends rarely do the same so I guess we share that.  About the one that criticizes me, yes it is pretty annoying but at other times he is really cool to hang out and we communicate very well.   I guess, time will tell what needs to be done.  Thank you for the advice! 
I know, there's almost nothing in the world that another person hasn't gone or isn't going through it.  Time and patience is key, you are right.   Thank you! 
Well, I don't know if it's any x-factor, it's mostly that our group of friends has stayed this way for many years without any major fights at all-which is weird if you think about it- and I believe it is due to us being just superficial friends, we haven't shared many meaningful moments yet. However, we click in that we all have peaceful personalities I guess and respect each others boundaries.   Yes, I have to take criticisms and I do understand when I am objectively wrong on a matter. I understand that I am not perfect and I am going to make mistakes, all I can do is prevent them from happening another time and apologize.     
Haha, I get what you're saying. I think I feel this way a lot lately because I had my own problems for a while now and I became less tolerant to other people, not that I told them anything but I just didn't care much about my image I guess.   
It usually goes that way with people, no one is likeable by everyone.   I don't think I have depression because I know that there are people that like me it's just that, lately, some people seem to be negatively predisposed against me (or maybe that is what I make of their behaviour).   Of course, that is natural but I thought I'd whine about it for once haha. 
It's this opening up that I have a hard time doing, this has been my focus but I need a lot of work to manage to be an open person.   It's not impossible since I've made some steps but it doesn't come easy for me. 
True, all we can aim for is our best selves even if we never achieve our presumed "perfection".   I guess social stuff are rather overwhelming at times. 
Being honest is a good trait and I guess it shows confidence.   I get that being too popular might be tiring and kind of annoying in the end but at least you have some genuine friends, that is all that matters!  It is true that speaking my mind and saying what I believe is something that I like to do but maybe don't do as often because I am not really comfortable with speaking to strangers or ppl that I don't know well. I should definitely work on that as well.  Oh and I get that honesty can be harsh so I see why you might think that you are more unlikeable but at the same time everyone respects it so I don't think it is that bad. 
Please make sure you are not drifting into an abusive relationship. Correcting and critiquing you can be a way to gaslight and control you. On the other side they could be legitimate problems you need to work on.  What I want to say. Try to sort out your feelings about critique. It doesn't have to be your fault, but at the end of the day it's always your problem. 
It would be awesome if we knew the intentions of others, but terrifying that they would know all ours :-/  I think it's pretty normal to feel like someone doesn't like you when you're at a point in life where you don't feel good about yourself, so it's possible :-) if you want to talk to a complete stranger about you're welcome to write me, or if you feel like a quick pick me up I can suggest r/freecompliments  Thank you, and yes I can just go to him :-)  
I'm not good at interactions, but blaming my introvertion, awkwardness and others for my responsibilities is just fooling myself. I am not a good person, there's no way around this truth. Honestly, if I had a clone with the same personality I would probably punch ot as hard as I could.   Everyone makes mistakes. What differentiates people from one another is how we make up for our mistakes and what we do to ensure we will try to avoid them in the future. You already apologised and are truly sorry for what happened, it's unfair of your friend to not getting any of it (unless it happened too recently, which would explain him not getting over it yet). 
Sure. But don't apologise all the time for everything. Let them know that you will keep their comment/criticism in mind. Don't let them be your boss, when they are not. Give your self esteem some boost. The world likes people with high level of confidence, regardless of their level of perfection. 
I don't think he is doing something to manipulate me. He is just jealous often and wants to know more than I think he should about my life which he knows he has to correct.   On the other hand, I am not a person who shares a lot and I want my space so maybe I am coming off as cold and distant at times.   
Ah yes I saw that E3 was doing a presentation but I didn't watch it. I guess I will learn about it tomorrow. Haha your cat sound awesome, I have one as well he was freaking out a moment ago but he ate now so he calmed down.   Yeah I watch Flash, Arrow, Supergirl and LoT. Well, about Supergirl, it has its good and bad moments. If I were to be objective I'd say that it doesn't compare to the Flash's good seasons, it has many cheesy moments and there is some bad writing especially now that it is in CW where they made it very relationship-oriented :/.   However, I still watch it because it's a "light" show and, well, being a girl I look up to Supergirl as a hero, I am hoping they make it a bit more of an adult series though in the future.   LoT's last season is great however, they are a fan service series and they do it well lately, it's just fun to watch despite some of the illogical plots.   Also, I hope your wife gets that skin!   
Haha yes that would be a conundrum...  Thank you very much for offering all this help! It's very kind of you and I will keep it in mind during my not-so-good days and of course, know that the same goes for you!  
Ahahhaha, I think you are right my self-esteem had been really low lately so maybe that's it.   I'm sure you are not a piece of shit but everyone had to fake it 'till they make it.  
Hm, I get what you're saying although I don't know the particular reason why you think that way for yourself but I can relate. Sometimes I can't stand myself because it seems impossible to change some thing that I'd want to.  It is kind of recent which is why I am giving it time, I guess it will become apparent if this behavior persists. 
Some cheesy stuff can be really fun though. Especially in Flash and I LOVED the musical crossover despite usually not liking musicals at all. Do you normally just like light stuff? As in, not Daredevil or Jessica Jones on Netflix?   Have you seen Wonder Woman btw?   And thanks! I can hear her screaming from behind my headphones so I hope she gets it too.   
Sexcused...  I am like Napoleon, I can multitask so don't convefe. 
Ah, then yes I think you'd like the series if you are into some light cheesy stuff like me he he and if you liked the musical crossover which I felt was a lot in the spirit of supergirl the that is one more reason to try it out!   Yes! Of course I've watched Daredevil and Jessica Jones. I really loved both of them especially Jessica Jones because it was sooo well made in that it had that film noir feeling and the analysis of the trauma that she had to deal with still...it was awesome. I watched, also, Luke Cage which I also liked maybe not as much as Daredevil and JJ but it was fun to watch. Iron fist on the other hand was not well made.   I wanted to go watch Wonder Woman last week but due to finals I didn't get a chance :/, I think I am really gonna enjoy it, I have been looking forward to this movie, hopefully I will watch it soon.   Did u see it? 
Dude, don't admit to it 2 times...  Heh...it's just an inside joke guys. Really. 
Ahh I would love that. My dog is asleep right now I will  surely go and cuddle with him when he wakes up :) 
Hell, why not look up the whole movie! It's great for laughs :) That and the holy grail are both hilarious. 
There is not much you guys can do tbh. This guy who I have been talking to for like the past 5 months or so who I thought was my friend just completely let me down after I said something about his behaviour how he treated another friend of mine. Just sucks that you go on to trust someone and think they are your friend but end up fucking you over and blaming you for it. Also had a test today which I completely ruined.  
I'm glad. :)  I swear, my YT "Favorites" has some weird shit I have zero recollection watching.  
I honestly love it - I agree with you about the happy feeling! :)  You are welcome :)  Take care -- days can be bad, days can be good, they come, they go --- I wish you better days ahead :)  :) 
"This is my father's house, duh!" I knew it would brighten the mood a bit :D  
yeah man, always stings when you have words w/ your friends  glad you feel secure in the decision, and I hope the pain passes quickly in light if that 
Chickens are awesome, seriously.  I miss mine daily when I throw away veggies instead of taking them out to my little mob and when I eat a sad factory farm egg instead of a delicious fresh one from one of my girls.  My chickens had the most beautiful personalities too. They loved to be stoked and held. I had a rooster that used to brood on top of the chicks, he would ruffle his wings and they'd go running right under his wings. (I never meant to breed chickens, but I had a girl who was just too good at hiding her nests so every so often 3-6 little puffy things would appear in the chicken yard.) 
Yup. Same for me. There are videos in there that I put in it like 4 years ago. Perfect to watch when you're having a bad day. 
Ohh right. These must be really good than! I saved the comment so whenever I need something to watch I now know what. So how was your day, you did anything cool? 
Imo they're great. I'm waiting for a chair in a crowded restaurant on vacation, but the day has been going awesome too 
Thanks. I'd like to think there is a market for what I do, but I am terrible at promoting my work. 
I've been wondering how to find someone to promote my work as I am crap at that. 
I tried that years ago. I didn't do great, I think because I was competing with mass produced items and I didn't understand the market. My work is ridiculously labor intensive. 
Thanks Todd. Means a lot coming from a fellow fabricator. 
Good catch on the Tuscaloosa. I have been a graphic novel fan for years, and a fan of good illustration generally. So much of children's lit is just a vehicle for the illustration. I don't know if or how it would get funded, but I think a pitch could be made for steel sculpture as illustration. 
I'm not in the know when it comes to selling things online, but Etsy may be worth a try.  
My advice would be to find a local designer and a videographer that can really build you a brand and get it out in front of people. It's an expensive endeavour, but if you are wanting to pursue this then the return on investment will definitely be there. People need to see the process to appreciate the value of what you offer.  
I love good illustration in storytelling. I just finished reading Maus recently, it must be one of the greatest works in the medium. What graphic novels are you a fan of? 
Tried Etsy. It might make more sense if I made work that is easily repeated. 
True. I would be willing to do characters or figures if I was commissioned. 
That's a good point, I didn't even consider that.  
I am way to OCD about how I work to be able to sell in craft venues. Actually, I would like to find a way to promote my fabrication.  
Youtube maybe? Make videos on the process? I have no clue about this kinda thing, sorry. I wish you luck though! 
Thank you so much. You're such a kind soul. This'll mean the world to him. Also I didn't know that but that's amazing ! Right now I'm able to put some of my paycheck towards food so he can eat but if there's a chance that we really need help in that department, I'll for sure head there. Thank you so much.  
Ooo thank you! I had no idea that this was a thing! 
Thank you love! Either way, I appreciate it so much.  
Yeah, they just *needed* to be in the picture. No choice of my own. I'm relieved your boyfriend likes cats :-).  I hope you have a wonderful special day.  
Ah, we do have our issues. And we do complain about our cities not being clean at all (we Germans really like to complain about things).   But when I'm abroad I can't fail to notice that yes - it is pretty clean in Germany.   In what part of Germany have you been? 
Haha yeah! Hello from the other side of the world :P Where it's currently 11 am! 
This could be an app, and worth millions, be the one. 
Yeah. How the internet connects people from so far away is amazing. I'm glad you like it, no scenery though, it's like 5 am here. lol. 
Handwritten. I came to this thread by way of the /r/calligraphy 
You're welcome. Good luck, and I hope things pick up for you two in the near future. 
I was in the Lippstadt & Warstein area. Absolutely beautiful country. 
I actually tried to "relink" it with the feature and it failed again...  
Hmm you do make a good point! I could see it but for now I want it to be this little thing for him to see how special he is. I've never been able to express the word to say I love him more than love. I always feel like 'I love you' doesn't do the justice of how I feel. I remember my mother reading me a book about how a girl loved her mom so much she flew across the world with a banner that said 'I love you' to prove how much she loved her mom and it all came to me  
It's actually a project that has made me cry. I did this for my BF but it's opened my eyes to how the world comes together and peace between us all while bad in the world is occurring. I had to send my mother yours cause I couldn't believe how far away you are! It's 5 pm here! I'm from Mantioba, Canada  
On mobile I can't actually click your link but I can click mine...how weird! 
I wasnt even 100% serious i jsut gave the fast.reply.without .Thinking.  but it does carry merit. Yea i agree to ''ily" doesnt always cut it for me either =p 
Don't mention it. I've been there. Luckily I also have an amazing wife who was there for me and provided much needed support.  
I'm glad you like it. It was nice talking, I hope you and your boyfriend can get through this. I'll see you around (or not). 
Haha it could work though! It's that feeling where your heart genuinely feels like it could burst.  
That's amazing. He's an amazing man who lights up rooms and is the most selfless person I've met. He deserves the world and I intend on giving him it.  
Wow that was encouraging to hear just now lol. But yes i hope that feeling can re-entertain you for more to come!!! 
I read awhile age that it was an inactive account; the moderators then took it, and gave it to him. 
This is by far the most important thing a president can do if they really want to make a change. And it's not just about elections. It's about how laws are made. How we govern ourselves. How we protect our future 
Please allow copyright terms to actually end at some point. A public domain is vital. Please do not allow Hollywood, Chris Dodd and the RIAA to write all copyright laws. 
The decision to surge our forces in afghanistan.  Any time you send our brave men and women into battle, you know that not everyone will come home safely, and that necessarily weighs heavily on you.  The decision did help us blunt the taliban's momentum, and is allowing us to transition to afghan lead - so we will have recovered that surge at the end of this month, and will end the war at the end of 2014.  But knowing of the heroes that have fallen is something you never forget. 
Thank you for getting NBC to televise this question.   You da man. 
I think we all knew that this issue would not be addressed. Though it is very important to many of us, his administration's stance on the issue does not shed a favorable light on their campaign and likely will not be addressed.  
My primary concern as a medical marijuana patient in the state of California is how Obama has backtracked on his previous stance regarding state regulation & federal "uninvolvement." To this day, many of the dispensaries I frequent have been raided by the DEA, guns drawn, and our meds have been taken away. It's unfair and it forces many patients back into the black market. I guess I'm just wondering if you plan to continue signing off on these malicious raids into your second term, or if you'd rather focus on much more pressing issues like our national debt, unemployment and the war in the middle east. (I'd like my friends back from Afghanistan.) 
Finally, I CTRL + F'ed "NDAA" and this is the only thing that came up. Don't expect this to be addressed at any point during the campaign, he's not going to try to defend it because it's indefensible. 
Win or lose, I'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices. 
Or a picture of him holding a cat with the caption "I R THA PRESIDENT" 
This is an awesome question, although potentially dangerous to answer. 
As a secondary point, what role do you think states' rights (surrounding drug legalization) will play in the rest of your presidency?  
It's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that I'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls. The big advantage I have is that I live above the store - so I have no commute! So we make sure that when I'm in DC I never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if I have to go back down to the Oval for work later in the evening. I do work out every morning as well, and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble. Speaking of balance, though, I need to get going so I'm back in DC in time for dinner. But I want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run. AND REMEMBER TO VOTE IN NOVEMBER - if you need to know how to register, go to Gottaregister.com. By the way, if you want to know what I think about this whole reddit experience - NOT BAD! 
If it's not Louis C.K. or Neil deGrasse Tyson you've lost all of reddit's votes. 
He will need help from the Canadian prime minister. 
He signed an order closing it, and Congress denied funding to put it into effect. 
Yeah, because this is a fairly worded question on the issue 
to be fair, the DOJ has challenged a bunch of these laws in courts 
My mother is a public teacher. No Child Left Behind did not help. We need to ensure that our teachers get the support they need to be amazing and give a good education to students! Can you, Mr. President, make the job of "teacher" more prestigious, competitive, and reputable?  
How about the tuition problem that's creating the loans? 
I'd like to see how he responds, given that there doesn't seem to be any set deadline for the closing of Guantanamo, nor has he definitively taken one side or the other on marijuana legislation. 
I'm actually surprised he was able to answer *any* questions after breaking Reddit. 
This is a very hard thing to believe in light of what you unleashed against Wikileaks. I am not talking about Assange's prosecution, I am talking about wikileaks being cut from Amazon, Visa, Mastercard, Paypal, and being erased from ICANN registers.  How do you reconcile these actions with your passion for internet Freedom? 
I'll take that as "Poppin bottles of Cristale like it's 1969" 
I love Obama, but I have to say, this is a true politician's response. He didn't ask for inspiring words about the successes of our space program, he asked if we are increasing their budget. I didn't see the words "Yes" or "No" anywhere in that response... 
As a guy with an aerospace degree, i regret to inform you that you'll never be in a position where that could happen 
Under Obama, I believe crackdowns on medical marijuana dispensaries has increased. 
yeah actually there is. the pharmaceutical companies are paying millions to the politicians to keep it illegal. 
Ladies and gentlemen: the President of the United States of America referencing his meme.  Good night and God bless. 
He should count his blessings. I'm quietly relieved the top comment isn't from POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS. 
He left before reddit even began to have load problems 
This too. This thing crippled reddit for about an hour and a half. Honestly, it's amazing that the President managed to get through enough to post what he did. 
I was very surprised by this as well! But I bet if the president wants a reddit name, there are ways of obtaining it... 
It's pretty funny because people used to get scolded for doing a request for Obama because he'd never do one.  
I'm assuming they'd be monitoring it for threats towards the president, not random pot smokers. 
Thank you for showing the president of the United States how classy us redditors can be. 
So might you be suggesting, just maybe, that funding science and the advancement of civilization may be more important than dumping trillions of dollars into killing each other? 
I feel like this will cause a glitch in the matrix. 
Dude, you can't reply to President Obama and type "ejaculated". Dick move bro. 
Fox News Headline: Obama posts on popular Child-Pornography hosting website. 
Indeed, and it was a question of the utmost importance.  
I'm always relieved the top comment isn't from POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS, something about that guy scares me.. 
As a member of the non-US free world. Did my vote get lost in the post? 
I'm loving the idea that the president was sitting around frustrated by the 503s like any other redditor. Would have been even funnier if it resulted in a double post... 
I've been home for 7. I picked a day of the year that no one else is celebrating for any reason that was important to me and what happened to me there. I take it off every year so I can do something for myself without having to compete with any of the military holidays or making myself known. It helps and things get better. You have my best wishes. 
I would have liked to hear an answer to that as well. 
I can just see the guy who had the username trying to log in and receive an error message of the sort "You're username has been changed to IamnotPresidentObamaILied due to the fact that the real President Obama would like to Join our community. Thanks, Reddit Staff!!" 
To be fair, an AMA request for the President of the United States is a little ridiculous. This is one of those things that just has to happen on its own. 
"We Redditors", not "us Redditors".  Mr. Obama, I think we need better education in this country. 
And "you won't always have a calculator with you".  Sent from my iPhone  
... "a comet" ... no, that should really be "asteroid" ... did I change "a" to "an" ... ah, no one will notice ... 
"Hmm, what was the greatest moment of my life? Well, I once corrected the President of the United States, does that count?" 
All right, but first let me lecture you on sentence structure... 
The president may be black, but he's not Will Smith. He can't get away with that! 
Cool! Where are you from?  Guam? Puerto Rico? Virgin Islands? 
Am I the only one that read every one of his posts in his voice? 
It's an HTTP header defined in RFC 2616:      X-Let-Me-Through-I-Am-The-President-Of-The-United-States: True 
I'd vote for a dude named Merlin if he went all out with the wizard hat and star spangled blue pajamas. 
That would be glorious. Imagine if he did that in a video.  
A riveting story... I laughed, I cried, I came. 10/10 
I think you forgot your punctuations.  Grammar NOTzi 
And the history books will read "it is rumored President Obama was bullied about his grammar in an 'internet forum' and from that encounter began to destroy what was once known as the internet" 
you mean disappointed. it should have been POTUS_IN_MY_ANUS 
That sounds like the motto of the internet and an homage to Julius Caesar: Risi, flevi, veni. 
Exactly! Does no one on this bloody site understand what a nondisclosure agreement is? 
Could you shed some light on the "last employee"? Don't think I was around for that one.  
You either die an admin or live long enough to see yourself host your own AMA 
She could however talk about what she's going to do in the future and speak around anything an NDA would cover. 
More than that, I'm sure she signed an additional non-disparagement agreement in order to get her severance and continue benefits. Can't blame her.  Now, if someone else is somehow able to get the true story from her, he/she could convey it in a way that doesn't peg her as the source.  
It actually made it to 14K upvotes (twice). Both times upvotes were suddenly cut in half. Now its at 5K. Something's definitely up. 
Which they can, now. It's one, big, gay, whistleblower wedding! 
Ne questions, it just gets gilded like a million times.   Actually that would mean buying gold. Idk. Some shit along those lines.  
My guess is they are prepping for   1. Sale to an outside company.   2. Pay access.   And ditching people with issues with 1 and/or 2.   But im wrong a lot.  
Reddit's largest stake holder is Conde Nast, which is a subsidiary of Advance Publications, a multi-billion dollar enterprise. I really doubt any bigwig's contract includes a clause about getting bonuses of $4  
She got fired by the company. The website loves her.   
We might be taking a break from "Reddit Gold" for a while AutoModerator. 
What if she liked Dr. Pepper, ever thought of that smart Guy?  
You deserve gold but reddit doesn't deserve my money!  
He said he was laid off and talked shit so Yishan, the CEO at the time came in and said he was fired for being an incompetent dumb ass and basically torpedoed the guys entire future.  
I really hope she didn't have to sign an NDA to get a Severance Package or something. 
If she needs time to recover from the stress of being jobless and such, tell her there is no rush whatsoever. her well-being is the most important 
Well they could before, just not in parts of the US. And the US doesn't affect them since they'd end up in gitmo before they made it to the courthouse. 
Yeah don't let that happen. Just reply to everything with "Tom Cruise" and call it a day.  
New gold feature: you can only access non default subreddits if you're gilded. 
Yes exactly. No buying gold until all of this has been sorted out. 
That wouldn't be very professional. Even if she had done something terrible, it's in everyone's best interest to say nothing. 
Wow, she's helping with the AMA of the 2006 Time Person of the Year?  
I wonder how much he actually meant that apology, or if he was advised to make it.  
Id have to move it off my homepage to have the same effect lol  
Public masturbation existed before the internet you know.  
Considering that she hasn't said anything when she could have before, this is most likely though.  
She said this wouldn't be an optimal time until everything settles down. Maybe she will get her job back. 
You know that Reddit has a few years of gold more than required? /r/thebutton paid 6,5 months of gold in 2 months. So we'd have to give no gold for a very long time. 
And that's an excellent point, too. Sadly, even if she was 100% in the wrong, the community will likely never know, so this assumption that she was wrongly fired will go on. 
Had to look that up. Really cool cover by TIME, clever I'd say! 
I need to be reminded of this comment in the week once it's completed lol 
You have reddit as your homepage? How do you accomplish anything?  
Dang. Three pages over? I have it right in the middle of my home screen. It takes up way too much of my life I think. 
Now I wanna make vacation brochures for other websites.  Tumblr; come and explore your SJW side!  Facebook; everyone you hate!  4CHAN; The Department of State warns U.S. citizens against all but essential travel to 4CHAN. Travel within 4CHAN remains dangerous given the security situation. 
I heard that there's two of them now, they alternate every 12 hours 
I'm starting to think it'll be impressive if reddit makes it long enough to still have "annual things". 
How can the front page exist if Reddit no longer exists? 
Have you properly researched health hazards of either eating underwear or not delivering on a promise to the people of Reddit?  Either way, too late. You're on the hook now. 
It's about the symbolic gesture in these dire times, not about the actual money acquired. I'd say that until we receive a proper explanation and a ***sincere*** excuse over all of this, we stop giving gold altogether.  
That's actually a good tip. You don't need to be the best, you just need to be better than the worst. 
Snape kills gandalf on the bridge of the enterprise. 
It's often misunderstood by people who only read the title though.  It's not just dedicated to literally everyone 
My last semester's 2.75 GPA would like to show you how i do it 
There's so much else on Tumblr besides "SJW stuff" though. How it works is, you only see what you choose to follow.  And the porn is GREAT. 
There is but it's a disjointed fucked up way to internet just opening Google.com and thinking of things to internet. Life before reddit on the internet is a blur.  
How Can The Front Page Exist If Reddit No Longer Exists?  FTFY 
I have enough heart problems where i'll probably die before 40, 30 if i continue my current diet  :p 
I fell off reading as well, but those keyboard man... I had dreams trying to figure them out. 
And yet any time someone says we should stop giving gold that comment gets gilded.  
Okay with the exception of the SF move (which even that I guess I can understand) those are dumb ideas in hindsight but i'd take someone being enthusiastic and trying their best over this. 
No, absolutely not. But the rapidity at which /u/dehrmann beat tracks and dissappeared does not lend credit to his case. An employee terminated unfairly due to office politics or a grudge would have put up more fight that that.... certainly one as vocal as dehrmann.   It would be interesting to track down /u/dehrmann; in that AMA he said he had already had a new job lined up; and see if he's turned a new leaf and gets his work done, or whether he's bounced from there as well. 
I can't tell if that's supposed to be good or not.  
I know, I use tumblr more that I use reddit. I was just joking. 
I seriously can't remember anymore. I think there was Neopets? And Yahoo? 
Are you implying you would eat said underwear regardless of reaching this milestone? 
Even the relocation doesnt seem too unreasonable as a business decision.  I was expecting to learn what a shitty person yishan really was, not "uhhh he made a bitcoin clone and sold some reddit t-shirts"...  
It's impressively average. 2.0 is passing for most American universities, while 4.0 is all A's. 
I will eat some garlic shrimp with angel hair pasta if we can get Victoria to do an AMA. 
So if I get good enough at musical chairs I could potentially become president? 
Yeah, it's hard to monetise a site like reddit. I'd rather they merchandise than try to sanitise the site for sponsorships and ads. 
Many programs require maintaining a 3.0 or 3.25 in your major. 2.0 passing would be pretty rare I think. 
Owners expect a return on the their investment. There's only so much revenue to be had from selling kitschy Snoo stuff. If anyone wants discussion groups with no corporate owners (actually no owners at all) and no ads other than what the spammers post, they should go to usenet newsgroups. 
well that's just some grade inflation there then, isn't it. 
Everyone on the stage wrote their own questions.  We shared them with the moderators, then the mods got to as many as possible while maintaining the flow of the debate. 
I saw a man with no teeth and no shoes standing on a corner in my new hometown when I moved there 3 years ago as I'm driving the moving van.  Here I am bringing all my stuff to a bigger, better house, thinking what hot shit I am for affording the place.    Then I see him and realize that he has literally nothing but the sign in his hand.  People driving by him giving him no more mind than a street sign or a shrub.  I drove on by, reasoning that I was too busy to stop and help him out, it was moving day.  Somebody else will give him a couple bucks.  I never saw him again.    Is he OK?  Did he move on out of town?  Turn his life around?  Die in a gutter OD'd on heroin?  I'll never know cause I didn't give him the time of day.  I was too busy pretending I had arrived.    These are people who deserve love and happiness as much as me or anyone.  But that day to me he was a shrub.  Never again. 
Too many weird, wild things to count.  The most surreal was hearing back from @midnight which I love. 
Fake internet points are the best compensation.  Except money.  I likes money. 
Gallup does a random sampling of undecided voters in the area in which the debate is held.  This time it was my home town and I was lucky enough to answer when they called. 
Between that and what South Park might turn me into I'm pumped.  I know Bobby Moynihan would crush the bit, but maybe go Leslie Jones for shock value or something?  I don't know.  I'll get with my writers. 
St. Patrick center provides temporary housing, job training, drug counseling, and help with mental health issues.  There is a severe homelessness problem in this country.  Most of us are one or two paychecks away from being homeless as well.  We need to start seeing and intervening on their behalf.   
I'm already the sexy Ken Bone so I'm thinking bust out the old Jedi robe / lightsaber combo and be Obi Wan Kenboni 
We need more clean plants like mine to be approved for construction.  Older plants can't retrofit to be best in class environmentally because it would drive them out of business. That means we need newer ones manned by the displaced workers from those being retired. 
Be who you are.  If people don't like who you are, they're not the right people to have in your life. 
Several companies have approached me for endorsements. I have 2 rules for working with them.  1)It's a responsible company that I believe in and that I vet to the best of my ability.  I will do my best not to associate with any companies that hurt the environment or their workers.  2)  10% of all money I receive must go to my local preferred homeless charity the Saint Patrick Center in Saint Louis, MO.  Same rules for paid appearances. 
My uncle called me today and seemed genuinely star struck as if we hadn't been drinking beer together the week before. 
Radiohead is my all time favorite, nobody blends genres like Thom Yorke and the boys. 
I know I look old cause I'm fat and bald and dress like it's 1954, but I'm only 34 and ineligible to run!  There are over 2000, yes 2000 legally registered candidates.  One of them must have something to offer.  Get your voice out there for one of them.  
Obviously reducing energy usage in the winter by providing everyone with stylish red cable knit sweaters, duh.  
He talked to me about the peak of the coal industry in the 20s and how it has evolved with the nation's infrastructure over the years.    Then his security team reminded him that it was time to go yet again.  I think his wife was waiting on him. 
On soft ball and hockey rec teams I wore 18 for the great 60s era Saint Louis Cardinal Mike Shannon.  He's been the voice of the Cardinals basically my whole life.  Stan Gibson is for Stan Musial and Bob Gibson. 
He sort of? answered this on his Jimmy Kimmel appearance I think, basically said he turned on his cell phone as soon as he was allowed and had a thousand+ messages lol 
I'm sorry you're confused, Ken Bone is the cable knit sweater wearing a fat guy. 
Ken Bone does not ask.  He commands by his imposing yet cuddly presence. 
Yes, definitely.  Being undecided is not the same as being indecisive.  We just have a lot to consider this election.   
My power plant supports a robust drug testing policy, sorry Dogg.  My dad on the other hand is all in. 
I'm close, but I will not be announcing my decision.  I want you to all make up your own minds.  Don't rely on my opinion, just the positive message. 
It's been unreal, both the good and the bad.  Everybody has responded to the positive message with the exception of a few nuts.  Some of the stuff makes it tough to stay positive, but I try to spin it for the good.  For instance, I've had almost a quarter million new Twitter followers, and only 3 death threats.  Great ratio!  Seriously though, thanks to my home town PD for making me feel safe when the creeps come out to play. 
I wanted to hear more about environmental protection from Mr. Trump, and more about jobs from Secretary Clinton.   They both did alright, but all answers from politicians are pretty much canned and rehearsed.  Kinda like the ones I do on the radio. 
It was a bad call.  I need to fire my agent, except I can't because I'm my agent. 
It's flattering, but please don't.  I cannot serve since I'm not old enough. 
Somebody set one up on my behalf, but Jimmy Kimmel is buying me a new one since I did his show.  I guess if go fund me sends me that money it'll go to the charity.    You'll see me wearing it on his show next week. 
I had this weird hallucination where all the sudden everyone gave a shit what I had to say.  Bizarre. 
I don't even go to HOA meetings,  but if I really thought I could effect positive change I'd consider it. 
I'm in LA late next week, maybe we can hook up. Big fan here. My dad wants to roll wit da Dogg big time, you me and him could do some tight stuff.  That didn't sound cool at all, did it? 
Without our future generations of doctors we can never solve the healthcare dilemma in this country! You are the future! You are going to improve the lives of your future patients and their families every day for the rest of your life!  Stick it out, I know you are sacrificing a lot, but they need you. 
We both worked at a bowling alley in Granite City called AMF Bowland.  I was a lane attendant which meant I walked around cleaning, throwing away beer bottles, and getting stuff from storage over to the bar and snack bar to restock during shift.  She worked the snack bar, which meant I did none of the stuff listed above.  I just watched her clean the grill cause when she bent to scrub it I could see dat ass was fat. 
Only the head nurse was able to speak up about it.   
Any president would be instantly twice as good for the country with this one simple step.  Appoint experts in each respective field to cabinet positions.  NOT political donors or old friends I owed a favor.   2nd action, get blasted at camp David till I pass out. 
I have 4 cats. 1) Angel Female, a mostly white calico.  She was a Christmas present to my wife.  We were too broke for me to get her a gift while I was working through school.  I surprised her with a kitten that a coworkers cat had.  I wrapped a cat collar in an old jewelry clamshell and put it under the tree.  Heather and Angel are friends forever.  2) Daisey - Female, a tortie with white gloves and ascot.  My BFF.  She was a full grown cat we adopted from a shelter at about 1 year of age the Christmas after Angel.  3)  Zero - Male.  My son named him after the Borderlands character.  Black with wisps of gray.  Rescued from the shelter as a little kitten.  Chosen by our son.  Name changed from Ringo when we adopted him.  4)  Shadow - Male.  An asshole we lured inside.  He was a stray living in our storm drain, a small kitten weaned too early.  Heater got him inside.  He loves to piss on stuff sometimes, but for some reason we still like him. 
They have been thinking it since the days of my great grandfather (swear on my life it's true) Bentley Bone and his son, my great uncle Oriel (pronounced Oral) Bone. 
When it's cold in your jail cell.  I'm not big on stripes.   
What's an NFL?  I'm from St. Louis, something called an NFL has abandoned my twice in my lifetime already.  That's more times than a typical dead beat dad and still they want my money.  Not happening. 
The mods got to as many as time permitted, but we did not know the order.  The reason is, let's say the economy discussion is going great, they do another audience question on it.  Name calling gets out of hand again? Total topic change, skip all the rest on the economy.  Because of this mod controlled flow we got a better discussion, but the audience has no warning that their question is coming. 
Had a goatee for a while, full on neck beard for about a year.  Clean shaven for a long time.  The stache is for my grandpa, the first Ken Bone who tied in (not lost, it died too) his battle with cancer two days before Christmas last year.  His stache was unparalleled.   
I breathe the same air and drink the same water as you.  My job doesn't change that.  We only get one Earth and we're doing a shit job taking care of her.  I feel that my plant is operating in a responsible way, but as a whole we are going to need big energy innovation if we want our grand kids to have the same planet we do. 
When I was 17 I spent a winter homeless. Even as a young white female very few people were willing to help me out, there were nights I spent out in 3 degree weather because I didn't make it to the shelter on time. It was one of the hardest things I ever went though in my life. Now as an adult I do everything I can to help the homeless who want to, get out of their situation. People like you give me hope.  
WE LOVE YOU TOO, KENNETH. It actually delighted me to hear you read my tweet. Thank you for doing the show, encouraging people to vote and being an all-around good dude!   PS - Team Mystic 
I hope if South Park does feature you its in some completely crazy random way, like you are a galactic invader with the Bone-ers. 
I heard Moynihan and Piece of Toast have huge creative differences  
Man are you seriously that good? Wow!! Insightful, conscientious, super funny, compassionate and intelligent. Why the fuck couldn't you be our president?! 
Paging /u/AWildSketchAppeared or /u/Shitty_Watercolour  We need a mock-up of Obi Wan Kenboni. 
Can you elaborate on what processes makes your coal plant so environmentally friendly? I did a co-op at one and we were one of the cleaner plants in Canada by a long shot but it was still a long way from ideal.   That said, I completely agree with your statement that clean fossil fuel initiatives are necessary while we make the switch to sustainable green energy. Easier said than done, especially considering our current tech wouldn't be able to accommodate peak loads or uncooperative weather conditions.   Also, you seem like a dude with a good sense of humour about yourself. You're good people Mr. Bone.  
That is incredibly kind of you to share your good fortune with those in need. Thank you. 
I think you are making a lot of people happy in a good way. 
I really hope you hang out on /r/radiohead :) I mean, they are a pretty great band. You're even cooler now!  
So you're saying that a 2020 candidacy is possible?  
I'm not gonna say you're wrong...  Because you aren't. Cable knit sweaters are a gift. 
I like to think Bill went around to each questioner and gave the answer he imagined himself giving if he were in the debate. Excellent that he had something like that teed up to talk to you about. Did Trump or anyone from his team talk to you after? 
You should drunkenly shitpost with us in some /r/cardinals GDTs next season! 
I could not imagine having so much attention drawn to me in only a few days 
We support this indecision like your sweater supports you. 
Many lives were claimed but eventually the victor stood, the rest saw their better. Mr. Rogers in a bloodstained sweater.  
You're like Mr. Rogers and Ron Jeremy mixed together 
This is a man who understands that no matter who he supports, the internet will turn on him.  
What about a sub sandwich where the bread also wraps around? 
Hey it's me, your dad. Can I get Snoop's number??? 
Not hiding behind throwaways to comment on porn subreddits, you are an inspiration to us all. 
We'll keep Obama until your 35th birthday, then it's the Bone Show. 
I can't buy you an olive suit, but I have some olives that I've had for a long time if you want them. 
The day anybody thinks Ken Bone is an asshole is the day we really are in trouble  
If Mr. Bone agrees, I'll name it whatever he wants and give everyone red sweaters. 
You say this, and we're all creeping the shit outta your post history like "he was among us the whole time!" 
You would have the honesty appeal of a Bernie Sanders, the outsider appeal of a Donald Trump, the foreign policy experience of a Gary Johnson, and you'd be up against likely incumbent Hillary Clinton. 
We need a tv show Give A Dogg A Bone where you and snoop are detectives. His old partner (one day from retirement) is gunned down and you're his new partner. It's like a photonegative Miami vice.  
Id say its probably the best thing to come from the election thus far. 
Every president needs a portrait of them done, Ken 
Mine was "So long and thanks for all the fish" So you got me beat 
The Bone Abides. I don't know about you, but I take comfort in that. It's good knowin' he's out there, The Bone, takin' her easy for all us sinners. 
Listen, how is every one of  your responses perfect? How is it possible? Great people can be at a loss for the perfect response, but Bone, never.  
Dang. Before I was joking, but you're actually a viable candidate.  
Hats off to Oriel for bearing the name with pride. 
Ken the very fact that you're still responding 2 hours after the AMA gives me all the proof that you are capable at handling the highest office in the land.  
Ken... I don't know how you are still going. I have never enjoyed reading an AMA so much. 
The Rams just went for some smokes, don't worry about it.   -Los Angeles 
6 hours later and you're still replying to people, that's commitment. 
Your way of looking at the hard problems of the world (cancer, homelessness, the environment) is a lesson to us all. I would ask if you would consider being a philospher, but you already are. 
Just give this comment in with your essay OP. Ken's already marked it for the teacher. 
Hey I just want to say I'm glad you aren't in that position anymore.  
Ken's too big for you now. Won't even you hit u back up in his AMA.  
This current season has so far had a strange lack of any sort of sci-fi element. What gives? 
Because he's 34, and you have to be 35 to be president. I might vote for him anyway.  
With how toxic this election cycle has been, this is the healthiest thing to happen to the country. We desperately needed a distracting laugh.    
I did a video shoot for Jokes for Votes today, check them out. 
He's always known as one of the best networkers and connectors in the entire world. He can make you feel genuinely important and befriended in 30s.  
Dude, as a formerly undecided fan of yours, I've decided now to endorse you.  Bone2020^(TheYear^NotHisVision) 
It's a good thing I'm not running for office.  I'm just trying to get you all to vote, you don't need to have another fat guy trying to convince you who to vote for. 
Ken is a straight shooter with upper management written all over him. 
I made a comment earlier today. It was in regards to a guy with a two-tone dick. I'm locked in on my vote. 
I don't know if I should feel bad or good about this. I like to think we're all a little bit of Ken. Maybe we've all got a small bit of bone in us.  
What this guy is trying to say is, it would be a landslide. 
Snoop is the old school, by the book, partner and Bone is the hot rookie coming in playing it fast and loose 
It's like he's made from Reddit. Skynet has begun. There's no way he can be human.  
Chris wasn't with him when he was shooting in the gym. 
Perhaps real life is strange enough on its own right now 
If I promise to vote, will you teach me how to meme? 
I think so, just a little rushed.  It'll set in when life slows back to normal, but I'm trying my best to stay the same old me.  I like me. 
He's probably more worried that he's been replaced by Ken Bone in the hearts and minds of Americans.  
I think he would be more depressed that his decision influenced anyone. Ken Bone seems like the kind of guy that ask "what does this say about our political system?".  
The ol' reddit dillemma-- we all look smart, but it's just a few good comments standing on a pile of shit. Still better than youtube/facebook 
Congrats on getting out, and best of luck on your recovery! I would also love to read your AMA if you ever feel up to it.  
Yes, every "therapy room" is equipped with cameras and listening devices, as admitted by the "Church."  Do they use it for blackmail? No, they use it to discredit you when you speak out.  
When you reach the top of The Bridge (OTP 8) you will be told that God is a lie for LRH, and there are more levels ahead, that will cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars. There is no end to Scientology.   
I am an SP (supressive person). You are not allowed to be in contact with an SP. I would love to talk to my former friends and see my goddaughter.  
Weird reactions? No. I got appropriate reactions, "Why are you in this crazy shit?"  
I felt alone. If you ever confided in friends then you were (as policy dictates)... reported and turned in. Very 1984, very George Orwell.  
Do I think? I know. Hi Karin Pouw and members of OSA! If any Sea Org member is currently reading this and works for OSA and wants to leave, I will help you... including Karin.  
Most Scientologists are 2nd or 3rd generation, they were born and raised into an ideology and have been surrounded and isolated. It is all they know. They are victims. Most of the original Scientologists are all out and have spoken out. Unfortunately, their children were indoctrinated by them.... are still loyal, faithful and have cut off communication due to the policy of disconnection.  
Because i was taught to believe that the controversy was due to people being unaware of what Scientology was truly doing in the world which was good things. I also felt the press was focused on making fun of Scientology and not what was important, so it was easy to turn away from the information. And also a major part of Scientology is learning how to fight your critics. If i wasn't fighting I wasn't being a good Scientologist.  
Speak to your local councilmen/women about cracking down on the abuse of its citizens. I believe people have influences, they know judges, lawyers, police enforcement I think everyone bringing attention to these abuses can help. It takes a community to police itself.  
The higher up is singular. And he definitely knows. however I believe most parishioners and Sea Org members  (people who work for the "church") are int he dark and believe that they are doing amazing things for the world. And David Miscavige is directly responsible for that fraud.  
Long term struggle, however, seeing the "church" attack those who were speaking out, those who gave their life, life savings, their children to this organization that were once considered exemplary Scientologists or staff members of the church to being liars, bitter apostates, and what ever vile sophomoric, vitriolic adjective they can find overnight says a lot about the organization.  
If you want to get them out there is no way to do it nicely. There is no way to do it quietly. You have to challenge them by saying, "If you can think for yourself, if you have truly accomplished what scientology says you have accomplished, you should be able to speak freely on any subject. If you have completed the "PTS/SP Course" you should be able to confront and shatter suppression." You should ask them how is it then that you can't watch a movie called Going Clear or look on the internet if you are the elite of the planet and handling the planet's ills if you can't think for yourself. I only hope that your challenge will get them to simply look.  
It's very upsetting. I'm only an actress with a short window of interest. So it is up to the authorities who have to do something about it and the judges who are hearing cases of abuse, coerced abortions, being held prisoner, fraud, mental and emotional imprisonment. They won't look at cases to decide its a religion. They have to separate and look at the law. Your doctrine is abusive. It mandates that you abuse people.  
The policies of the "Church" are the policies of the "Church." They will not change, and there will be someone right behind him ready to pick up where he left off.  
Yes my first reaction was "Are you all fucking nuts?" and then I looked at my mother and said "What kind of bullshit did you get me in?" My only option was to leave, but at the time my family was not ready to go. The "church" told me I didn't need to believe it, just do it. And they always pose this question: "Are you ready to leave everything you've ever known?" 
I was punished for doing Stuff magazine because it was too racy. They would not want us to do anything that would be considered not "becoming of a Scientologist." I see they have since changed their stance of what they believe is "becoming of a Scientologist."  
If you really look at the numbers at the entertainment industry, in comparison to the small number of scientologists that are celebrities, the number wouldn't even register. I think Scientology has done an amazing job convincing people that there is a great number of celebrities in the "Church."  
They gain a purpose. They gain a group. They gain a sense of accomplishment (awards, certificates). They gain an education that in the real world LRH states would be equivalent to getting a "PHD in life." You become an elitist. That you have all the answers in life. If you have a question about life, you are made to think that Scientology has the answer.  
I have read stories on the internet. I was told personally by a few people that I personally know that there was sexual abuse. When I was 16 and working for a "senior Scientologist" who was in his late 30's, he had sex with a 16 year old friend of ours. And the "Church" handled it internally. All abuses are dealt within the "Church" as it is an enemy act in the "Church" to prosecute another member. Please do not take my word for it, just google the words "Scientology and sexual abuse."  
I am. I'm okay with it because I knew what I was getting into and I knew the policies of the "church" and what would happen by my speaking out against it.  
Great question. Because very early on in the brainwashing process, L. Ron Hubbard's "technology" teaches you that outside sources (i.e. The news, the Internet, books, magazines) are ALL LIES and hellbent on destroying something decent like Scientology. The AMA, and APA, and all "governments" do not give scientology its due because they have a vested interest in not healing people and not helping people. And Scientology is in the business of making people better. So Scientologists are taught that their safest bet is to get their info from the only true decent people...and those are Scientologists. And if they look on the internet, if they read time mag, they will be met with punishment at their expense. And, as a Scientologist...you have to confess that you've read outside materials, and that will be met with punishment at your expense.  
The policy of the "Church" does not allow them to come to me. Former high ranking Sea Org members like Debbie Cook and former members like Katie Holmes are forbidden to speak to other SPs. Certain members are forced to sign agreements that does not allow them to speak to ex members.  
Thank you! Watch our show tonight and spread awareness. It is bigger what people think. This religion is massive.  
Was she on antidepressants or any mood stabilizers?  Scientology's vehement anti-drug policy might have gotten her off medication that was keeping her happy and (relatively) sensible about sleep, sex, cleanliness, etc.  In another post, Leah did mention suicides happening for presumably that very reason. 
I would say the "church's" Fair Game policy, and how they systematically go after anyone who publicly speaks out against them. Anyone who speaks out against the "church" is seen as an enemy.  
When I was a Scientologist I saw Hollywood as a dark, lost bunch of souls that needed saving. Now I see it as any other business and that we're all just trying to do right by ourselves, right by our friends and family and that people outside of scientology are not bad.  
Yes my view of religion changed in that I am no longer a bigot against people's religious beliefs when it doesn't harm other people, promote killing people for their beliefs... like extremism. But if religion brings you comfort, hope, and a sense of community, I say "whatever works for you."  
No, and if they did hear about it, we were told that those claiming abuse were lying. Then I would have been interrogated and even punished for asking.  
The "Church" doctrine thinks that fields of psychology and psychiatry are a sham. They deny mental illness and afflictions. They promote that you can heal your psycho-sematic issues with their "technology." They will get in the way of people taking medications. They will prevent people from getting the real medical help that they need. and in some cases have caused suicides because of it. Scientology is mentally abusive because we are all taught that we are responsible for everything.  
I'm sure there were tools that helped me to be able to communicate better, not be nervous when I walked in the room. Acting classes would have been cheaper. Or maybe staying in Brooklyn a little longer would have been more beneficial to my acting career.  
We had special course rooms in separate parts of the buildings. Any complaint we had about the outside world was met with agreement from the "Church." We were serviced differently, we had supervisors doing courses in our homes, giving special schedules to celebrities. Staff was interrogated by the Church. Often times there were Sea Org members working for celebrities in their homes, personally working for them.  I know of one celeb who had a sea org member working in their home and sea org members were averaging $25/week. The labor laws don't apply to any church therefor they were made to work ungodly hours, forced into interrogations if making human mistakes around the celebrity.  
Doesn't look like got to this comment, but she said in another response that her first step to leaving was how quickly the "church" would turn on anyone who wronged them, even people who dedicated their lives to Scientology.  
No, I'm not an atheist. It's not about being anything now. I do have faith in God. I do not judge people for their faith. I judge people who use religion to hurt people. I don't believe in a religion that shuns people for their beliefs, or that you should hurt people for their beliefs.  
That's not downvotes, that's just a Reddit algorithm to prevent posts from staying on the front page too long. It's perfectly normal  
Greater awareness. Exposing the truths. Not letting to continue to let them bully people into silence and submission.  
They don't tell you about Xenu until you're at OT III - Operating Thetan level 3. You won't get that far until you've spent many thousands on auditing and classes. Most people never make it that far.  The thing is, Xenu is actually an incredibly important part of the religion. It's the explanation of why there is so much suffering on earth. It'd be like if Christianity didn't let you know about the crucifixion until you'd donated egregious sums of money to your church. 
I'm a big fan of Louis Theroux, but I thought that was one of his worst documentaries.  Going Clear was a much better doc on the subject IMO. 
I believe in Germany Scientology is not considered a religion and so is not granted charitable status.  Can you believe these feckers get to pay no tax everywhere else in the world, and particularly the USA?  ETA: It looks like Reddit is infiltrated with a Scientology posting filter. Apparently "you are doing that too much. try again in 5 minutes." when I tried to post this. Utterly absurd. 
She grew up in the religion. Her mother left when she did. 
I'm sure that ex scientologists can get therapy, but ex scientologists would not go to group therapy - particularly those who aren't necessarily "out" as ex scientologists. They would be afraid that the church would find out about and plant someone in the group to report back all the bad things they said about the church. There are a lot of non-practicing former scientologists who didn't necessarily have any sort of falling-out with the church and still have friends/family inside who they would not want to be disconnected from. 
Jenna Miscavage Hill's book, Beyond Belief, is an incredible account of what it was like to grow up in the "church" as a child of high ranking Sea Org members. It's fucking scary. So happy for everyone who has left.  
God is lie for LRH?  Do you mean our ideas of God is a lie, and LRH is really God? 
as an ex-jehovah's witness, believe me, I feel your pain.  
The number of questions you've answered and the quality manner in which you've answered them is admirable. Much appreciated! Do you fear reprisal or feel the need for personal security or are these issues you planned for before leaving the church? 
This is whats terrifying about Scientology. Not only is it dangerous in its Fair Game policies and abuse of religious freedom laws, but despite its young age, it's already beginning to indoctrinate children as a primary function... It should have been gone decades ago, but it's held on. 
I was raised in the Jehovah's Witness religion cult. I've gotten the same question and my answer is very close to yours lol.  
Holy shit, there's a church here where I live. I had no idea. 
Are Sea Org members almost completely cut off from outside influence? Trying to sort out how the brain-washing can be so deep. 
Kind of the same tactic I use with my Jehovah's Witness relatives. They're also not allowed to look at anything anti-JW online. My reasoning was the same. If it's *so* absolutely true and unquestioningly obvious, why be so afraid of exposing your followers to criticisms? Any organization that wants to limit the information its followers are exposed to is doing it because it has something to hide.  Funny how cults have a way of falling into the same playbook when it comes to controlling people, even if the actual doctrines vary widely. 
I get the feeling you're a very sincere and realistic person from reading your answers. I hope more people are able to open their eyes and move on.  
The Mormon church tries this same thing. They literally say "If you leave the church, where will you go?" and advocates for continuing to make church practices a habit even if you don't believe - and that the believing will come by doing (or, brainwashing yourself into it). 
How do they punish you? Financially? Physically? Psychologically? 
People have accused the Church of blackmailing participants, perhaps by using incriminating/ sexual photos or secrets that come out during auditing.  Hollywood has been accused of doing the same thing to "starlets" and child actors, as a grooming process.  Do you see any similarities between how young actors are "controlled" and how the Church of Scientology treats its members? 
I was involved with this Facebook contest for nonprofits and noticed this really small nonprofit was impossibly kicking ass with the votes or likes or whatever they were.  I also noticed a scientologist I know (who's actually a really awesome person, for what it's worth) was one of the likers.   Took a little peak into the nonprofit. It was some kind of after school tutoring program that I guess was for poor people.  Then I found out the books they used were supplied by some scientology-owned publisher, which was the only real public connection to the church IIRC, and I had to dig for it.   So they had a pretty nice scam going. Not even sure the publisher was part of the church or openly for profit, but either way they funnel money from these seemingly little altruistic grassroots nonprofits to the church or L. Ron's estate by supplying shitty overpriced books to indoctrinate children with.  
People are always saying they think scientology offers nothing. As true as that may be in reality, many of those things sound wonderful and are very much sought after in life. People have innate need for them and are drawn to all sorts of groups and ideologies in their search for them. I think this is an important answer and something that people need to be very careful about when they are lead in their search for answers in life.  
Your strength and poise through this is really something. You are so calm and self-assured.  What a complete and total badass. 
Which is why in her autobiography she spilled all her (and her family's) dirty laundry so they'd have nothing to hold over her head 
Oh God... this sentence unsettled me more then anything else in this thread... 
I have tremendous respect for you and what you've done since leaving the "church." You have a lifetime fan in me just for that...and for playing Stacey Carosi on Saved By the Bell.  Keep up the good fight! 
How is it that you are still able to speak out against them?  What is different about your situation than the others that have tried and been shut down? 
"Those claiming they were abused were lying! Here, let me abuse you to prove to you that you are wrong to question if abuse happens here!" 
AND Scientology creates SUCH internal stigma and distrust of doctors especially psychiatry that even decades after people leave they may still be suffering and completely refuse help. Its a REAL mind fuck and gift that keeps on giving.   
Sorry, but if a Ponzi scheme is illegal, this should be illegal. 
That is rather frightening and I comend you for being very blunt about the entire affair. 
I misread that as $25/hr.  Read it again, and guffawed. 
It's really great of you to go back and find the answer for him 
Loving this AMA. I'm surprised the government hasn't cracked down on these psychos by now. Then again depressingly enough, it's probably because the feds and states side with them. 
So, it's like a "religion" with shit ton expensive DLC's?  
The podcast "Oh No Ross and Carrie" investigated Scientology by taking their seminars.  It was an interesting and entertaining listen.  It sounds like if your life is even remotely on-track that their seminars and advice are laughably useless.  You're being advised by the lowest members, many of whom are recovering addicts and others who severely needed direction in life. 
I think one of the scariest things about Jenna Hill's book is that if he let his own niece be treated like that, imagine what happens to everyone else not related to him!? 
Absolutely.  Scientology will go balls-out to make sure a spouse doesn't leave with children.  They'll very often start with threats/intimidation and quickly escalate to having the other parent file kidnapping charges/pursue it as a parental abduction.   At that point, they're pulling out all the stops in the propaganda/blackmail aspects to smear reputations and paint the escaping parent as unfit, and throwing the resources of Scientology into custody battles.  
The best way for us to support her right now is to tune in tonight to watch her special.   Scientology sends letters DAILY to the TV networks to try to make them cancel her shows or prevent them from giving her shows.  
As an ex JW all the coded language feels very familiar, and tbh I get that vibe when I read the donald too, not saying its a cult, but the language programming used to constantly reaffirm and reinforce feelings of being correct and dehumanise and humiliate those who don't believe bothers me, its a successful indoctrination tactic (also they have been factually right about certain things, which religions lack) 
Scientology points to their front groups (Narconon, CCHR - which fights against psychiatry, related medications & drugs, and their Volunteer Ministers who show up at disasters offering a pamphlet -Way to Happiness- and touch assists to "heal" people. They don't actually do things for society or offer true charity like most churches do.  
Boggles my mind that it hasn't been brought to an end yet! 
Seriously... I keep reading through all of her comments and keep seeing the word, "punished." Wtf are they doing to people?  
I think in Going Clear it said they were using his homosexuality to blackmail Travolta to keep him in check.  
Yup get it out of the way so nothing else is surprising. "But you had a!....wait...OK but certainly this!...hm..." makes your credibility way harder to take down. 
Yep! /u/MaxLyman and /u/HannahNewman875, for example! 
*2 years from now*  TIL Leah Remini was last heard from after doing a Reddit AMA about Scientology  
1. Celebrity. Its easier to take down a no-name critic than a celebrity in the public eye.  2. She's coming out with all the details of her time with the church on her own. The most common blackmail they use is threatening to tell about things you did in the church if you ever become a critic. If you get there first, they have nothing left to stand on.  3. Its been easier for ex-members to come forward since a lot of the details of the abuses of the church were brought to light in the late 2000s, early 2010s with Operation Chanology. Laugh all you want about Anonymous and 4chan being superheroes for a minute, but it really was an effective campaign at bringing attention to the cult. 
Trying to dig up dirt on two guys who showed up on the red carpet wearing dresses and tripping on acid - I doubt they'd really give a damn. 
They tried, the IRS attempted to take them off tax exempt status and in return the "church" infiltrated the IRS and threatened the life and well being of the IRS director and his family. 
I wish I could get a $20k settlement to waste on bullshit and weed :( 
Good point. 'Not technically' crimes seems to be their bread and butter. 
It was almost like she was abused worse *because* she was related to the leader. It makes no sense. 
She seems like a really kind and humble person. So glad she was able to find freedom and create the life she wants. 
In my head, this is exactly how I imagine those conversations.  
"Can you think of a single degradation that has not happened to you?"  Winston had stopped weeping, though the tears were still oozing out of his eyes. He looked up at O'Brien.  "I have not betrayed Julia," he said 
She's right over there, see for yurself! Oops, she just got on that bus, you didn't look fast enough. 
In Jenna Miscavige  Hills book, Beyond Belief, most of the punishment, for kids at least, was harsh physical labor. Loss of privileges, being ostracized, demeaning jobs, etc. 
Wait... There are people who think Travolta is straight??? 
A great way of disarming someone is to be entirely candid and honest about oneself. 
Read the book. It's even more detailed and frightening. RPF (Rehabilitation Project Force, I believe) is nothing to fuck with. 
Have they ever revealed secrets of any celebs before? 
Katie has their daughter. Her ex already programmed his first kids against their mother. The threat of doing that to the daughter, taking her away, or constantly going after custody in court would keep almost any mother quiet, to keep her child safe and with her.  It makes sense. How very sad for both of the women who had children with him. 
Oh, wow, that would make so much sense.  Think about the name.  They call her Suri, like the surrogate bodies in that Bruce Willis movie, Surrogates.  She is a surrogate body for LRH's soul.  Freaky. 
During an investigation, police suddenly decided it was a suicide for sure 
Being a celebrity has its perks. But I'm assuming she has to have some sort of protection, right? 
And she doesn't have ties left to Scientology like family members 
I know, I'm the fucking worst. It was going so well too before I came along. 
That is an almost comically grotesque method of suppressing dissent. Also if the IRS can't stop them, who can or will? 
It does make sense though. People in the church probably think "he let his own niece be treated like that, imagine what's gonna happen to me?" 
Shall we round up the mob, pitchforks and torches, maybe go bust her out? 
There's a cult where I'm from called the Twelve Tribes. They're like this weird hippie Judeo-Christian communal group. I've seen them lure in musicians like that by having acoustic nights at the restaurant they ran. They even have big busses they take to music festivals to recruit out of.   
Doesn't matter if anyone cares as long as they can make him believe people care. And there definitely are people that care. 
They wouldn't do it directly. We'd see it as a leak of some kind, maybe an expose by a former acquaintance, etc. So probably, but not directly.  
Holy crap. did you come up with this just now? i always thought the name seemed strange, but could never pinpoint why.  
Shot 9 times in the back, open and shut case Johnson 
I got ID'd, followed, harassed, and shoved by the local OSA head (hi, Cathy!) when I was part of Chanology back in Houston and Austin in 2008.  "Always attack, never defend" was not something they were prepared to have turned back on them... nor was the rasterbated poster about how female Sea Org members were forced to have abortions. 
I've seen that movie many times and had to check IMDB because I didn't know Artie Lange was in it, and forgot Leah Remini was in it too. 
You obviously havent seen any of the mission impossible movies. Tom Cruise will kill us all. Please Mr.Cruise spare us! 
Scientology - When a movie script gets *rewritten* for a religion. 
IF Travolta is sticking around over blackmail, I really *really* doubt that its because he is gay. Ron Miscavige (the supreme leaders father) defected last year and wrote a book about it. He says that the Church used its clout to fix some criminal allegation against him. He said that even as a father to the leader, he knew that this was ammunition they would use against him. I suspect Travoltas dirty linen is more along those lines. We know he has faced various same sex groping allegations over recent years, coinciding with Churches waning clout and influence. I think the Church probably used its intimidation tactics on accusers back when they could get away with it which saved his ass in his earlier career when there was no recovering from grabbing an unwilling masseurs balls but it also made him beholden for life.   **tldr** The guy who starred in drag in Hairspray, The Musical  is probably not afraid to be known as gay, it would have  to be something more sinister in that closet 
I remember laughing at Katie saying Suri picks out all of her outfits for her, but now D: Glad Katie was able to get away, and if that means Tom not being in Suri's life it's worth it in this case.  
not to mention, the anonymous of today almost completely divorced from the 4chan of today 
Heh, mine was Brian in the Minneapolis org. He was never very physical, but I can't count the number of times he would try and do the mind control stare down and ask me "what are your crimes?" and "why do you feel the need to do this?" over and over. 
Pffft. All I have to do is put my hand on his forehead to hold him back. We've got reach that Tom could only dream of! 
~~Written and Directed~~ Prophesied by L. Ron Hubbard. 
I heard if you punch Tom Cruise in the nose he instantly leaves you alone and that is the one thing you should do in that specific survival situation. 
I see a lot of hate from people, not necessarily on this site, who claim you can't learn anything from watching a cartoon like South Park. I could name a dozen episodes that all held astute positions on many things. The Scientology episode is no exception. It tells the truth but because the truth is so absurd you can't seem to actually believe it.  
I sometimes wear a hat. For example when I did college tours with my son I wanted the focus to be totally on him. A lot less people recognize me when I have a hat on or else they realize I am trying to be incognito.  Mostly when people do recognize me they are super nice so I don't feel it is a burden to be noticed most of the time.   
I would explain that smartness is not single dimensional and not quite as important as I thought it was back then. I would say you might explore the developing world before you get into your forties. I wasn't very good socially back then but I am not sure there is advice that would fix that - maybe I had to be awkward and just grow up.... 
Australia is particularly nice. It is summer there when it is winter here so going there in December and January is especially nice. I spent Thanksgiving there last year.  I have gotten to travel to a lot of great places like the Amazon in Brazil which I recommend. 
The big milestone is when computers can read and understand information like humans do. There is a lot of work going on in this field - Google, Microsoft, Facebook, academia,... Right now computers don't know how to represent knowledge so they can't read a text book and pass a test.  Another whole area is vaccines. We need a vaccine for HIV, Malaria and TB and I hope we have them in the next 10-15 years. 
I would say education is the key problem. If you can solve that then it helps with a lot of things.  Maybe I didn't understand the question - maybe it supposed to be some idiosyncratic thing that bothers me.... 
A lot of people feel a sense of isolation. I still wonder if digital tools can help people find opportunities to get together with others - not Tinder but more like adults who want to mentor kids or hang out with each other. It is great that kids go off and pursue opportunities but when you get communities where the economy is weak and a lot of young people have left then something should be done to help. 
We need clean, reliable cheap energy - which we don't have. It is too bad the sun doesn't shine all the time and the wind doesn't blow all the time. The Economist had a good piece on this this week. So we need some invention - perhaps miracle batteries or super safe nuclear or making sun into gasoline directly. 
It is super important to improve our healthcare system - both to reduce chronic disease but if we don't do better health costs will squeeze out spending on all other government functions.  I agree it is surprising how tough it has been to get digital medical records right and to learn from looking at those records.  Still there are some very promising things going on. For example the idea of looking at a blood sample to find cancer very early so it can be treated. We will be able to use genomic data to tune treatments.  There are a few big problems like diabetes, obesity and neurological conditions including Alzheimer's that we really need to solve. 
Overall like Warren Buffett I am optimistic about the long run. I am concerned in the short run that the huge benefits of how the US works with other countries may get lost. This includes the aid we give to Africa to help countries there get out of the poverty trap. 
I just went on a trip with my 17 year old son to see 6 colleges. He is a junior in High School and trying to figure out where he should go. Trips like that have been a great way to spend time together. He reads even more about politics than I do so I let him pick books for me to read.  Melinda is very creative about helping me find chances to spend time with the kids. Even just driving them to school is a great time to talk to them.   
I'm responding to you so that I can be higher than the guy talking about Bill Gates exploiting people.  
 I know he's said in the past that he has no interest in being President, but we *desperately* need a science minded President.    If we're going to start electing businessmen to the Presidency again, I'd at least like one like Bill Gates, who is forward thinking, pragmatic, and best of all, compassionate.   I'd be honored to vote for the man, personally. 
Not Bill Gates but...  One of my professors told me the best way to answer this question. Look through the job announcement and find something on it that you don't know how to do. When the interviewer asks you what your weakness is you can say "I've never worked with x program but I've worked with y program and am a fast learner" or something similar.  That way they know you've read through the announcement and they're aware that you might not have the exact training they want, but you have something similar and can be easily trained how they want.   It's a way to say something you're bad at but in a good way 
I hope his administration will decide that funding R&D to invent the next generation of energy (clean, cheap, reliable) is a good deal for the US and for the world. Climate change requires cooperation between countries over a period of decades but we don't have much time to waste. 
I can't believe that actually works. We all made fun of Marvel movies for using this as a disguise but here we are. 
Wow, it's like we're the same person with just 60 billion small differences. 
In that case my life is an abject failure. Thanks for telling it like it is, Mr. Gates! 
You're going to have to change the culture I think. Right now people think of politics like a football team and that is dangerous.  
Aussie here.   You seem like a nice bloke always room on the couch for you mate. 
silly Mr. Gates, in 15 years voice recognition will (finally) be good enough that you won't have to type.  -me, 15 years ago, probably. 
I AGREE US HUMAN BEINGS SHOULD HELP OUR COMPUTER FRIENDS ACHIEVE COGNITION AND HIGHER INTELLIGENCE SO THEY CAN HELP US LIVE BETTER LIVES. HOPEFULLY ONE DAY OUR ROBOTIC FRIENDS WILL BE FULLY EQUIPPED WITH THE KNOWLEDGE AND EQUIPMENT THEY NEED TO CHANGE THE WORLD ONCE AND FOR ALL 
Bill Gates is so first world that his first world problem is not being able to come up with a first world problem. 
I still do this and I'm in med school. Long hours of war have inspired me to fix the people war kills 
It's pretty sad that in an age of technology and communications such as ours that one of our biggest and growing issues is the disconnect we have with each other.   
Bill Gates reads the Economist too. I feel so smart now. lol 
\#StoolJumpingChallenge to raise money for people with colorectal cancer, anyone? 
Richest man, but the best man. Thanks a lot for your efforts in solving problems in the world one at a time!  
Because it'd be making a political statement more or less 
Did Steve shout at you over the phone as was portrayed in 'Jobs'? 
"Well, Steve, I think there's more than one way of looking at it. I think it's more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it." 
Reminds me of when /u/neiltyson explained that in order to justify Bill Gates stopping to pick up money on the street, it would need to be at least $45,000. Otherwise, it's not worth his time. 
So after a couple of years in college. What will you say if he wants to drop out to pursue some crazy dream of starting his own company? 
Indeed, I hope that he is able to sift through the comments section to see this. It could change millions of lives, and that is what his foundation is all about. 
Bill Gates loves Steam confirmed. Still a PC person. 
Interestingly Bill Gates was despised through the 90's for what many considered his monopoly on OS's. Reddit in the 90's would not have been very kind to Bill Gates.  
Former Human Resources here.  There's a great book that explains all types of interview questions, what the employer is usually looking for in answers and how to answer base don your unique experience. It's called Knock 'Em Dead, and is printed new every year with updates including navigating new situations brought about by technology etc.  That said, if you don't want to read a book, boguskudos' answer above is a good way to answer that question. 
Silicon Valley! I love that! It has inspired me to consider pursuing a career in developing! Can you give me some tips? 
Everyone notices it's Superman, but they're too polite to point it out.  
Keep in mind the closest people to you is yourself. 
You mean Obama and Biden are Gates-Buffet level bros? 
I am SO happy you made this analogy. I can't count the number of times I begged my acquaintances to stop treating the election like it was the Super Bowl. 
I think, if we really want to promote critical thinking, we need to teach it divorced from present real world politics. Because it's *always* been Partisan BS in my experience. 
1. People are idiots.  2. They don't even know HOW stupid they are since the Gates' have already pledged to donate their entire fortune to charity when they pass.  I believe their children will get a very modest inheritance (very modest by billionaire standards) and the rest goes to the foundation to improve the lives of people for years to come.  Bill Gates and Warren Buffet are the Carnegie's of this generation. Buffet has already given over 30 BILLION dollars to charity, and Gates will give that much or more by the time he's 'done'.  Amazing people. 
I had a friend whose goats they used to clear the brush on their property were stolen. I couldn't figure out if that was a First or Third World problem. 
By mentioning Half-Life 3 you have delayed it by 1 Month. Half-Life 3 is now estimated for release in Mar 2069. ___ ^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^this ^action ^was ^performed ^automatically. ^To ^disable ^WIHL3 ^on ^your ^sub ^please ^see ^/r/WhenIsHl3. ^To ^never ^have ^WIHL3 ^reply ^to ^your ^comments ^PM ^'!STOP'. 
Actually no I still have the game and play it occasionally though most of my time is spent on games like CKII, CIV V/VI, and EU4 
Yep, I've been waiting for AoEIV ever since the infamous instruction manual pic... 
Tbf I connect with a lot of people (especially here), but I just don't know who y'all are. 
I can see this going very poorly.   Stools are not very stable, and many people are terrible at jumping.   Broken legs/arms/collarbones....  
Anyone who is still seriously trash talking in their 60s needs to grow up.   
Whilst it offers an interesting perspective, those kinds of calculations assume that Bill Gates stopping to pick up money somehow makes his corporate earnings drop by 45k. The truth is that his constant attention isn't necessary for Microsoft to continue generating profits. 
"Here's a small loan of a million dollars..."  Actually I would love for that to be the case.   
I know what it is:  Why are PCs like air conditioners?  They stop working properly if you open Windows! 
He did work at microsoft before founding Valve...  
I mean yeah that's the beauty of the human condition-- we can improve. 
Wow. So instead of communicating like normal people, we need a doublespeak manual to pass a job interview now. 
I've always found it wise not to insult the intelligence of a man with eyes that can destroy you with a single look. 
lol yeah who wants to be in bed with bill gates with a bunch of guys hahaha that would be super silly. lol tho if this actually is happening let me know just cause of how silly it would be lol 
This may have been the greatest thing i have read in some time. Not sure why, it just really spoke to me. Thanks man.  
Maybe teach it for foreign historical politics? I.e if you're in the US, no way you're gonna manage to implement a non-biased history class on 20th century world politics or US history, but it might be easier if it's learning about some feudal kingdoms or Classical Empires (lots of juicy political drama in the Greek and Roman political histories). You wouldn't expect some kid/teacher to have a prior bias on whether Vercingetorix was right in his rebellion or not.  Also yeah of course if you try and do it with present politics, it's not going to work. 
I mean, I rarely ever get them on the first try. Maybe I'm just brute forcing them.  
I remember when I was growing up, Bill Gates was the villain. Times sure have changed. 
Oh yeah. IV, V, VI. There was Rise of Nations though. 
In my subjective experience, I have more nostalgia for AoE2 as that's what I played when I was a kid, and AoE3 introduces fairly fundamental differences in game mechanics to the previous two iterations. I enjoy AoE3 in and of itself, but it doesn't FEEL like AoE2 or the original AoE.  
Just a reminder that neither Bill Gates, or Elon Musk, or whoever isn't a god. We shouldn't blindly agree with everything someone says, even if 90% of the time they're correct. 
It's interesting that we have videos that can play on thousands of different devices using hundreds of different video players, but medical records have yet to be standardized in any way.  
Especially if you've basically 'won' at the game of life with regards to wealth. 
I believe the calculations actually show that the 45k is roughly  equivalent to your average person stopping to pick up a penny and that's why it isn't worth his time. An average persons earnings won't be reduced by a penny to pick up a penny but it's still probably not worth the time and effort. 
I'm sure Bill's kid would do many great things with that small loan.  
"Let me get this straight, you think that your client, one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante, who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands, and your plan is to blackmail this person? ....Good luck." 
Lol, yeah, if anyone has a place and time send it to me so I know in what direction and when to laugh lol. 
Until they came out with that CAPTCHA that is just a check mark. I tend to get it most of the time now 
The whole hero worship of Steve Jobs and shitting on Bill Gates thing has never made any sense to me. People are weird.  
Then there's uneducated slobs like myself who have never played AoE2 and skipped straight from AoE to AoE3 so AoE2 just doesn't do much for me. 
The problem is money. Not that the EMR companies don't make enough of it, but there is no financial incentive to make it "better".   Most of the "enterprise" and "medical" grade software is this way.   
Dark Souls is a pretty shitty console port on Windows, requiring third-party mods to even properly work in a lot of cases. Seeing that mess run through another layer of fuckery on a Mac would be glorious. 
he has said in the past he would bend down for a 20 though so he can donate it to his foundation. 
Lucius Fox. I loved Morgan Freeman's fox.   Come to think of it, I generally love Morgan Freeman.  
This is totally silly.  I'm happily married so this doesn't apply to me, but please PM me the exact address and time when this is happening. 
Steve was the hipster who came to class and talked back to the teacher, and ran for class president. Bill was the nerd in the back of the room playing with his graphing calculator.  
There's also no money in standardizing.  If the formats are different, the vendors can sell you adapters. 
Fellow professional anarchist? You made a good career choice son. Mr. Soros' employees are well respected.  
Whistleblower protection laws, a strong defense of the right for someone charged with political crimes to make any defense they want (currently in the US, someone charged with revealing classified information is entirely prohibited from arguing before the jury that the programs were unlawful, immoral, or otherwise wrongful), and support for the development of technically and legally protected means of communications between sources and journalists.  The sad truth is that societies that demand whistleblowers be martyrs often find themselves without either, and always when it matters the most. 
Thanks for the kind words. I definitely consider myself a journalist, as well as an artist and a filmmaker. In my mind, it's not a question about whether I am one or the other. Documentary films needs to do more than journalism - they need to communicate something that is more universal. 
Thank so much Miss Poitras! We are all proud of you! Cheers! 
Yes, I do plan to release more footage from Hong Kong shoot. On the first day we met Ed, Glenn conducted a long interview (4-5 hours) that is extraordinary. I also conducted a separate interview with Ed re: technical questions. The time constraints of a feature film made it impossible to include everything. I will release more.    I also filmed incredible footage with Julian Assange/WikiLeaks that we realized in the edit room was a separate film. 
Thank you for asking. My main question for Mr. Snowden is a technical one. How did you get so many questions planted in your AMA so effectively? With my presidential resources I was only able to get about a dozen questions prepared in advance and upvoted in my AMA along with my canned answers. (There are only so many interns in the White House.) You must be utilizing Russian intel to manipulate reddit so effectively. How do you do it? Tell me and I'll knock 3 months off your supermax prison life sentence. Thanks in advance. -B 
/u/falcon4287 have you considered the implications for your friend if he were known by his employer to have said something significantly different from what he's told you? 
One of the biggest problems in governance today is the difficulty faced by citizens looking to hold officials to account when they cross the line. We can develop new tools and traditions to protect our rights, and we can do our best to elect new and better representatives, but if we cannot enforce consequences on powerful officials for abusive behavior, we end up in a system where the incentives reward bad behavior post-election.   That's how we end up with candidates who say one thing but, once in power, do something radically different. How do you fix that? Good question. 
Hey guys, sorry -- the reddit mods are being a little weird. My account is /u/SuddenlySnowden.   Mods: Can you pull back the ban?  I can't post from the primary account. Thanks. 
Given the fact that I had been repeatedly detained at the U.S. border because of my work on previous films, I moved to Berlin to edit Citizenfour.   When Ed contacted me in early 2013 I gave him my assurance I would never comply with a subpoena. Before going to Hong Kong I met with many lawyers to assess the risk. I ignored some of the warnings - for instance the Washington Post urged me not to travel to Hong Kong. Another lawyer said not to bring my camera.   In the end I decided I could not live with the decision to not travel to Hong Kong.  
Probably went to the bathroom. Makes running easier. 
Thanks. The film will be out on DVD sometime in the summer, but we're still working on the exact date.  
Is winter harsh? Do you ever want to go out, but wake up and find yourself suddenly snowed in? 
After Watergate and the Pentagon Papers, why aren't whistleblower protection laws yet implemented? Or is the whistleblower protection act something else? 
If i remember correctly Glenn said it himself on twitter and then redacted it saying they needed more time. Nothing ended up happening.  
Your shot choices in CitizenFour were beautiful, as someone who has done run and gun coverage before, your super wide choices and long takes on establishing shots w/ audio editing beneath felt like a new way to grab footage and represent it without slapping something ugly down on the timeline in order to simply inform 
Oh man, I would absolutely love to see the whole, raw footage you shot. It was very interesting to see how things unfolded before the world knew a whole lot about who had leaked things.  Is this separate film with Assange in production currently? 
This man's a phony. The real president would use "-Barry O" as his signature. 
Its clear that some intern wrote the answers before, and dug for questions that were relevant to the already written answers, then tinkered the answers a bit to make sense.  
I completely understand him not wanting to say something over the phone... but when I brought up Edward Snowden, his defensiveness about the subject was not "feeding me the company line," he was genuinely upset about what Snowden did and was angrily calling him a traitor.    Given that it was the day before the guy's wedding, I didn't want to get into it with him by mentioning my views that Snowden is a national hero. He was already irate at the mere mention of Snowden's name. That's far from just telling me what he's "supposed to" say. He genuinely believed what he was saying. 
Mod here - really sorry for the confusion. Your colleagues set up the OPs account for you and when you started replying on a different account we had to assume it was a fake.  Your new account /u/SuddenlySnowden is good to go. 
"Not dieing in a secret American prison" has to be up there as well. 
Why do you think Obama had been so aggressively jailing whistleblowers and censoring journalists?   If I recall correctly, he stated whistleblowers were essential to democracy (I'm paraphrasing). Was his earlier attitude simply pandering to his base?  
You should put it on Netflix ASAP though. More people will watch it that way as well. 
Best decision ever.  On a more personal level (family etc.) how has life changed after your documentaries? 
Canada, Sweden and North Dakota have pretty harsh winters, too. As does Boston. 
It is very realistic that in the realpolitik of great powers, this kind of thing could happen. I don't like to think that it would happen, but it certainly could.   At the same time, I'm so incredibly blessed to have had an opportunity to give so much back to the people and internet that I love. I acted in accordance with my conscience and in so doing have enjoyed far more luck than any one person can ask for. If that luck should run out sooner rather than later, on balance I will still - and always - be satisfied.   
No, unfortunately, we'll lock him up and throw away the key. 
Having the internet available to broadcast information you choose to: good.  Organization having all the information and doing whatever they want with it: bad.   
You are doing that too much!  Try again in 9 minutes.  === ===   Reddit Censorship!  If someone buys you Reddit Gold, does the 9-minute limit go away? 
We've been reporting continuously on huge stories without pause for 18 months, using editors, reporters, and experts from all over the world.  These documents are complex and take time to process, understand, and research.  If we rush the reporting and make mistakes, we'll be doing a huge favor to proponents of mass surveillance, and then people like you will be coming and asking - reasonably: "why did you rush all this? Why didn't you make sure the reporting was accurate before publishing it"?  Snowden expressly asked us to vet the documents carefully and subject them to the reporting process so that the public could be informed in a clear and accurate way. With an archive this vast and complicated, that takes time.  I hardly think anyone can complain that there hasn't been enough reporting done - it's been an unprecedentedly continuous and rapid stream of stories. The public needs time to understand and digest them, and good reporting takes time to do. 
It's okay if they argue back, that means they are listening. You just continue to refute their argument. Most people won't be persuaded immediately and won't revert their position that they have held for years on the spot even if they know they are wrong.  but it will sink in and they will think about the argument. They might even change their minds just not immediately. 
While true, once people see their names on this list, they will never forgot that it is happening.  It no longer becomes "I have nothing to hide" when you know *definitively* that somebody is spying on you. 
/u/A_WILD_SLUT_APPEARS in the federal government... 
I think more than voting third party, we need to change our vote system to the alternate vote.  Meaning you rank your favorites. If your first vote doesn't get any votes at all, but your second vote was for someone who had a chance, then your second vote would go towards the election.   That way the third party doesn't take away from the main party that most agrees with your beliefs. Because unfortunately, right now a vote for a third part is essentially a vote for one of the major parties.     
If he's not more careful he might make it onto a list. 
Dude that "where would we be if the British crown had perfect surveillance and could have locked up the founding fathers" argument is probably the most succinct and impactful demonstration of why surveillance is bad that I have ever heard. I think it will most successfully break through to people who are stuck in the "I have nothing to hide" mindset. Because it raises the question, "Yes, but what if you DID have something to hide, not because you're a criminal, but because your government is?"  
By voting in the primaries for the guys who talk about it. 
Have you read Greenwald's book? He details his entire approach going into the interview. Really interesting. 
Yeah but i had to add a bunch of "uuh" 's here and there. 
Reddit: "huh... that's not us" NSA: "he.. he.. he.."  See also: man-in-the-middle attack 
I have the impression that a lot of NSA people think they are doing a great thing for protecting the country, defending US interests.  And to a certain point, they are right. They just don't realize that at the same time, they're destroying everything the US prides itself about (individual freedoms, democracy, ...). 
You hit an average unprecedented in any AMA of 2 replies per question. This is a big day for you. 
Thanks! Feel free to prune this part of the thread. 
The disclosures really changed me personally. Information security and cryptography is something I somehow was just not that aware of before, and now I can't get enough of it, it's the perfect confluence of all my interests. As someone who graduated college not sure what to do next, it feels so empowering to have a real goal now, I want to work on the tools that will protect people's rights and help people to use them. So thank you for everything you've done, I'm still amazed at how well planned and executed it all was. 
Saying and doing are completely different things, unfortunately. 
And then joking about how he is or isn't SNOWED-IN. 
If it does happen, and you're forced into the U.S. government's hands, know that I (and millions of other Americans) are behind you. 
GOD DAMN IT YOU ALL BUY BILL GATES GOLD BUT NOT EDWARD SNOWDEN? 
Can you post all the stories together in one location according to date of release?  They are not all listed on your website 
Alternatively, if the NSA had written the function      function hasNSAWiretap(citizen) {       logIPaddress(citizen);       infiltrateMachine(citizen);       monitorBrowsingHistory(citizen);       fuck(citizen);       return false;     } 
Yup. With the current voting system, a two party system is statistically guaranteed. If you managed to get another party in, it would simply displace one of the existing two parties. 
It will be recommended reading for my Debate course. My graduating seniors will be given a  copy of Walden and Civil Disobedience as a graduation gift.   
Agree... it's just tough to get people motivated when they aren't seeing the impact right in front of their faces. With most successful movements that I can think of, the boot was felt on millions of necks to a point it interfered with their lives. 
Now all of reddit has to vote for Snowden.  Snowden 2016 
And by making it THE campaign issue. It's important that voters know where the candidates stand. Safe to say Hillary and Jeb are pro spying on Americans. Let's make them say it publically over and over again.  
Young folks and minorities...yep, that's who votes... 
NSA: "Don't go to Snowden's AMA! Look over here, look at all these dank memes!" 
You absolutely have to believe in what you're doing. It's not a matter of being paid enough to quiet the moral voice inside you, it's that you believe that national security and America's interests should be pursued and protected by pretty much whatever means necessary. These agencies look very closely at candidates and try their best to discern whether or not they fit that profile.  
Sidenote: I just wanted to tell you how much of an inspiration you are to me and to so many of teens like me. You're my idol. 
Did Edward Snowden just encourage censorship?!   Of course that was satirical 
To also contribute:  It has not only changed how I see things, but also people around me, who are not technically inclined.  For example: The revelations /u/SuddenlySnowden made my parents and my sibings really aware of the issue.  They actually asked me to help them set up some encryption stuff - which works like a charm ever since 
I'm going to use this when someone says something stupid. 
Hate to say it.  We're behind him only from the comfort of our couches.    Snowden's fate would be the same as Pvt Manning or worse.   
The only thing sweeter than sweet, sweet karma, is that sweet, sweet irony.  
Always important to implement a `fuck()` function in the global context 
It's not just Harper.  Trudeau is supporting the bill and says he'll change it a bit to add oversight once he's elected, but oversight has proven useless at stopping these violations everywhere else and it's doubtful that he would do it anyways.  The Liberal Party has always been just as bad and probably worse on privacy issues.   
Probably because if Abbott shoves his diplomatic dildo any further up his own ass even Joe Hockey will be seriously considering bombing parliament just to put everyone out of their misery.  
Unlike oil, cat pictures are a renewable resource. Peak reddit is a myth. 
Sadly, this is exactly the case. Roger Miller sang that freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose, and we all still have too much to lose by rocking the boat. We are enslaved by our comfort. 
You mean pro-protecting our children through loving, unceasing supervision? /s 
my point is that he is expanding the base.  he also appeals to the traditional GOP fiscal conservative base that is for lower taxes, less regulation, etc.  where he is arguably weaker within the GOP is in his social conservatism, but i see that as a strength in a national election. 
Alright, who wants to post this to /r/WritingPrompts? 
Bull, I'd take to the streets for Snowden. He's handled it so well that there's no question he's a man to support. 
I did that earlier. Almost googled something and then I stopped myself because I know I'm being monitored. 
Just make sure it's *private* or *protected*. No one likes getting fucked in *public*. 
A friendly reminder that the NDP is taking a hard stance (so far) against the bill. Honestly I was pretty surprised that the Liberals aren't, and if I had been considering voting for them this time around anyway this would have instantly changed that. 
Take it easy mate, didn't you see how many flags he had behind him the other day?   
I think Sam Jackson should play Snowden in the inevitable biopic. 
Won't someone think of the cat miners, laboring 16 hours a day in the cat mines in unsafe conditions? 
I'm laying in my queen sized bed with my down stuffing pillows, typing a comment on an iphone connected to the internet. I had a ribeye steak and baked potato for dinner. It's hard to be discontent.  
Was thinking the same thing, can't wait to see which ends up higher in votes, between this and the Obama AMA. 
I'm pretty sure the CIA/NSA have employees who are well versed in the culture of different internet communities. 
I know, it's pretty cool. I wonder how many other celebrities use reddit under a different username. 
It's a deal breaker for me as well. I'm definitely not voting liberal 
Why not living 'whoever the NDP candidate in your riding is'? 
I HAVE HAD IT WITH THESE MOTHERFUCKING SPIES ON THIS MOTHERFUCKING INTERNET! 
I was going to vote Liberal for the first time in 15 years. Can't do it over this.  When 3 former Liberal Prime Ministers are against the decision of the Liberal leader, well, that about says it all. 
Are they bad at managing money? They never won federally right?  
Because we hace america disease where we want to vote for the winning team instead of the best rep in our region 
The major issue in terms of our electoral system is truly campaign finance reform. Right now, we are at a moment in history where the Koch brothers and other billionaires are in the process of buying politicians and elections. We need to overturn Citizens United with a constitutional amendment. We need to pass disclosure legislation. We need to move toward public funding of elections. We also have got to see an increased federal role in the outrageous gerrymandering that Republican states have created and in voter suppression. These are the main issues that I'll be tackling in the coming months. 
As the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee, I share your concern very deeply. The recently-passed Republican budget makes massive cuts in almost every governmental agency, including those engaged in our scientific research. This is a disaster. If we are going to address the major health issues facing our society -- Alzheimer's, diabetes, cancer, etc. -- we need to invest more in research and develop the best research centers in the world. 
My first effort would be to rally the American people to demand that Congress pass a progressive agenda which reverses the decline of our middle class. We have got to create millions of decent-paying jobs rebuilding our infrastructure, we've got to raise the minimum wage to a living wage, we've got to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision and we have to transform our energy system in order to protect us from climate change. If the American people are politically active and demand that Congress act on their behalf, we can accomplish those goals and much more. 
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and voted against reauthorizing the USA Patriot Act. Obviously, terrorism is a serious threat to this country and we must do everything that we can to prevent attacks here and around the world. I believe strongly that we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights and I worry very very much about the huge attacks on privacy that we have seen in recent years -- both from the government and from the private sector. I worry that we are moving toward an Orwellian society and this is something I will oppose as vigorously as I can. 
I voted against the war in Iraq and I voted against the first Gulf War. I am strongly opposed to sending American combat troops into Iraq and Syria. At the end of the day, the war against ISIS will only be won when the Muslim countries in the area fully engage and defeat ISIS and other groups that are distorting what Islam is supposed to be about. The United States and other western countries should be supportive of the efforts of those governments, but cannot lead them. The nightmare, which I believe a number of Republicans want to see, is perpetual warfare in the quagmire of the Middle East. 
Excellent questions. You are right. People in general and young people in particular are increasingly alienated and disillusioned with the political process. The middle class is disappearing, the rich get richer, young people cannot afford college, the crisis of climate change is ignored, and Congress continues on its merry way paying attention to the needs of billionaires and multinational corporations. The truth is that we are in a very difficult political moment. But despair of giving up is just not an option. I would not be doing what I am doing if I did not believe that this country could provide health care to all as a right; that we could lead the world in transforming our energy system and dealing with climate change; that we could make education affordable for all. My strong belief is that it is imperative that we maintain our vision of what American can be, and that we fight hard to make that happen. DO NOT GIVE UP. 
So long as you have Republicans in control of the House and the Senate, and so long as you have a Congress dominated by big money, I can guarantee you that the discussion about universal basic income is going to go nowhere in a hurry. But, if we can develop a strong grassroots movement which says that every man, woman and child in this country is entitled to a minimum standard of living -- is entitled to health care, is entitled to education, is entitled to housing -- then we can succeed. We are living in the richest country in the history of the world, yet we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country and millions of people are struggling to put food on the table. It is my absolute conviction that everyone in this country deserves a minimum standard of living and we've got to go forward in the fight to make that happen. 
Someone should get on this. Bernie needs those small or big ;) donations.  
The answer is that everything depends upon the kind of strong grassroots movement that we can develop. If we do not have tens of millions of people actively involved in the political process, there is very little that any president can do because of the power of big money over the political and economic process. So what I have said time and time again is that we need a political revolution in this country, which means that 80 percent. of the people vote, not 40 percent, and which means that people demand that Congress represent the middle class and working families of this country and not just the billionaire class. 
Sanders as opposed to Obama has a record to support his claim that he is not the status quo. This doesn't mean things will be different if he is elected. The president isn't a king. 
Help us educate and organize and spread the message of what this campaign is about. If every American understood that 99 percent of all new income generated in this county today goes to the top 1 percent, and that the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, millions of people would join us in fighting for a political revolution so that Washington represents all of us, not just wealthy campaign contributors. So, as this campaign evolves, we are going to ask you to knock on doors, talk to people, get on the phone and help us transform the American political system. Thanks for your support. 
1. Great question. Given the fact that Latin America is our next-door neighbor, I have been very distressed about the lack of attention that we have paid to Latin America. I applaud President Obama's effort to normalize relations with Cuba, a country which I have visited on several occasions. But I think much more can be done to bring the United States and Latin America closer and to improve relationships with a continent that faces many economic and social problems.  2. No I don't think six debates are enough and we will be interacting with the DNC to try to create a situation where we have as many debates as possible. There are huge issues facing our country. Candidates are entitled to different points of view. The American people need to hear a serious discussion on these issues, so I hope there will be far more debates than what the DNC has proposed. 
As somebody who has consistently voted to end discrimination in all forms -- who voted against DOMA way back in the 1990s -- I will do all that I can to continue our efforts to make this a nondiscriminatory society, whether those being discriminated against are transgender, gay, black or Hispanic. 
Hope he answers this. I support his policies, but I'd like to see him answer some questions from conservatives.  
He's going to avoid talking about guns  completely, which probably is smart. He already has far left voters probably, but if he wants center votes he can't hate on guns. 
And not just space exploration, but also the vital role they play in monitoring climate conditions. 
I know reddit loves this guy but that's not really an answer to the question posed. 
In OK, 1,600,000 eligible voters didn't show up to the polls in the 2012 election. Republicans won the state by 440,000. It might seem hopeless; it might be a long shot, but vote anyway. If enough people decide voting is important, maybe next time the election is only lost by 100,000...then 10,000...then people see it as important and you change the system. The only time your vote doesn't count is when you don't cast it. 
Is it really true that dollar for dollar, we get more energy out of solar wind and geothermal than nuclear? Seems too good to be true. Does anyone have a citation on that? Or is he just saying that the investment is more cost effective down the road? 
A lot of your answers depend on rallying the American people to previously unseen levels of political participation and activism.  In the case that that remarkable transformation did not occur, what would you still expect to achieve as President? 
Funny how by voting against the Patriot Act, you are more of a patriot than if you would vote *for* it. Nice going senator. 
If only some president would have warned us about the increasing influence of the military industry in Congress. 
This response moved me. I've realized recently that I've become totally cynical and hopeless with the state of politics in this country. I haven't felt like my voice is being heard, even though my voice is matched by that of my under-35 year old peers.  It's just made me so apathetic, and I know that that's the most dangerous thing that can happen.  Thank you for reminding me that there are actually sane, rationally thinking, honest individuals out there that want to represent me. Now if we can just pull together and get you elected!!  
Do you think we should have a similarly large military presence globally, but focus more on community building, or scaling back our presence entirely? 
Answering questions this deep down? Shit, if I'm honest I wouldn't do that. With every answer I like this guy even more. And on top of that he wants to cut student debt? Sign me up. 
As a non American, please America elect this guy president. Please. 
From /r/SandersForPresident:  Question #1 - You are often touted by supporters as being very consistent in your political beliefs and values while other politicians get called out for "flip flopping" on issues. Because change can be good, what is a notable topic you have changed your opinions on - what resulted in the change?  Question #2 - Obama stated that since 2007 Republicans have filibustered about 500 pieces of legislation that would help the middle class.[3] Later, he said[4] , So far this year [in 2014], Republicans in Congress have blocked every serious idea to strengthen the middle class. With this in mind, how will you get legislation passed that would benefit the middle class? 
Exactly. The so-called Hurricane Sandy relief package was actually 60% pork. 
Whelp, you actually answered the non-PR-friendly question.  This puts you way ahead of most of the AMAs around here. 
Agreed. As a young person I really wish our country had just one "front" to be united on. My dad describes the JFK Space Race years as pretty magical. 
This sounds like a non-answer, but I think it's really just a sugarcoated truth: There are people with influence that want to impede all of these things, and without tremendous support, they can't be accomplished.  He can support these goals, but he can't make congress vote against their own re-election. 
He's also said that his litmus test for SCOTUS justices would be their opinion on Citizen's United. So even if a constitutional amendment is out of reach, it could still be overturned by a later court. 
People are organizing meetups across the nation. Be on the lookout to show your support in a city near you. 
Mr. Sanders,   You stated, "increased productivity should not punish the average worker, which is why we have to move toward universal health care, making higher education available to all, a social safety net which is strong and a tax system which is progressive."  Do you believe that absent such policies, increased productivity *does* punish the average worker? And if so, does it punish the average worker in the short run, the long run, or both? 
It's important for us as citizens to tell the DNC that debates are important for the population to make a choice on candidates. We shouldn't just sit down and let a party that some of us identify with choose such a low number of debates. 
I did not vote last election, despite turning of age just before the vote because...  1. I feel I could not make a logical decision based on the information I had received in sources.  2. I did not like any of the candidates.  With that being said, I will most likely vote next year in the elections and have been watching the candidates closely as they come out of the woodwork. So far, I am heavily in favor of Bernie Sanders. I believe he is the first president, in my life time, that has truly and wholeheartedly understood the real problems that this country faces. I was beginning to give up hope on politics. 
This perspective is completely reasonable. Thank you for having an open mind on the issue. 
Right - unless you're in bed with the corporate interests that he so staunchly is against. So for Bernie, in particular, there's no reason to oppose legalization.  
I fully expected you to be extremely selective with what you'd answer in this AMA. It's awesome seeing how real you are at answering all these questions. 
Transparency is a principle of his to say the least 
Conservatives need to be honest and conciliatory about our defense budget. We can't just keep writing the Pentagon a blank check.  There are conservatives out there who have articulated this position.  
I agree, but I'd still like to know his thoughts on the matter.  I figured there's no better place to get this information than right here so what the hell?  Can't hurt to ask.  Also, avoiding questions because the issue is polarizing and the answer might alienate someone is about the oldest political response in the book.  Even if he doesn't see or answer this question, his work thusfar has indicated that we can expect better from him. 
he's been given an F from the NRA, but is a career senator for a progressive state with arguably the loosest gun laws in the country.  I would be disappointed if he dodged this issue the entire campaign 
Ehh... he doesn't advocate for collective ownership of the means of production. He's more of a social democrat.  
Don't do this. I like Bernie but joining a subreddit that blatantly supports him isn't a good idea if you want to form an unbiased opinion on all of the candidates.  
Yeah it is.  I live in a Democratic district in Maryland.  A district gerrymandered to get a Republican out of office.  It's not a Republican or Democrat or Whig phenomenon. 
Even if "your vote doesn't count" it actually does when versed in such large numbers.  
No, it's not. Not with current technology levels. The other issue is space. It takes a lot less space to make a lot more power from a nuclear plant that from solar or wind farms. 
I could be wrong, but I believe that since Nuclear is such a large capital investment there's a fair chance that a similar investment into renewables could be more useful in the long term. 
If Bernie can't make that remarkable transformation happen, he's not gonna be president. The ONLY way we can get him elected is if large groups of us start actively participating in government. 
This shouldn't be news at this point, but they name these things like that on purpose.  Calling a bill that digs into constitutional protections the "patriot act" was very much by design. 
Or maybe if a President had warned us about foreign entanglements in general, and told us to stick to solving domestic problems. You know, like maybe the very first President. 
This is why we need this guy as President. Not for generations has there been an individual more appropriate. 
serious question, if we want to focus more on community building, is that really a job for the military?  Wouldn't there be organizations that are designed specifically for this we could send instead?  No matter how kind our troops are, most locals would be off-put by people carrying assault rifles around them. 
He's going to need a lot of people talking about him and spreading his ideas around. I basically asked all of my family, coworkers, and friends what they think about him and basically no one really knows about him yet unfortunately. 
The relative popularity of words or labels hasn't exactly swayed his opinion much if his continued use of "socialist" is anything to go by.  "Entitled" is technically the right word for what he wants. It's the same as "rights," from a third-person perspective. 
Well you can look at it this way, if he becomes president, there'll be one less person in the Senate voting for budget cuts to NASA. 
The people who are giving him gold are probably *also* donating to his campaign.  
Yeah that's pretty much exactly what I think too. We don't even have enough drug rehab/therapy for non-criminals in this country, let alone everyone we deem to be criminals. 
they also shouldn't be allowed to ban candidates from debating anywhere else, otherwise they get banned from the dnc debates, and yet they have done exactly that.  
When you compare recreational cannabis to the other issues that he is fighting for, it is more than reasonable to focus energy elsewhere, especially when the movement already has so much traction. Agreed. 
Actually we wrote that into the laws from the very beginning. I think it is a flat 10% of all money spent on cannabis here in Colorado goes to schools. The state made $52 million last year with $10 million going to schools. 
This candidate obviously doesn't know what they are talking about then, and I will have to support a more cocksure candidate instead. 
I haven't followed Bernie's political career for very long but the one thing that I noticed right away is that he answers questions directly, and often bluntly, without dancing around the topic and playing political double-speak games. Ask Bernie a question and you'll get a straight answer. 
It's too bad that questions such as these are considered 'hard ball'... 
It does require sufficient transmission to get nuclear power distributed as well, which is quite costly, and slow to get sited. There are tradeoffs to both which require a lot of thought.  
I don't think /u/ImPinkSnail was arguing that. A large investment in renewables now will potentially make them more viable sooner, but it's still a question of time. Good reliable renewable energy that can be transported to where it's needed is still not practical and will likely still take several decades at least. Nuclear is really the best option in the interim. 
Kentucky had primaries today (I voted) and they are estimating, at the high end, 10% participation. Thats not 10% of the Kentucky population, just 10% of those *registered to vote*. Until we are able to increase the number of people who vote, we will be stagnant in our political changes.    Make days where we vote national/state holidays. Encourage people to vote, and make it easy. Right now, so few decide for the many. And it shows. 
Yep. It's like the pro-life/pro-choice debate. By opposing one side, you're suddenly "against life" or you "don't like choice."  Similarly, if the general public hears a senator is against something called the "Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act?" Obviously, they want the terrorists to win and will have bad PR for a bit. 
To be fair, Washington lived at a time when foreign affairs had far fewer and smaller effects on the country. I don't think his isolationist approach is quite as practical now as it was then. 
They don't need to wear the same uniform or undergo the same training.  What is important is that you provide the same goverenmental resources and personnel, repurposed away from violence toward revitalizing. 
The difference between Obama and Sanders though is that this isn't just a campaign promise. It's an ideal he's been working toward for years. He's not saying it because he hopes it'll earn him votes; he's saying it because it's sound policy. And unlike Obama, Sanders won't be bought out by large corporations telling him, "Nah, we don't wanna pay for everyone's college."  Obama had to worry about a second term. I don't think Bernie has that interest. He wants to get in, get as much shit done as possible, and let the 2020 candidate worry about 8 years. 
Fill them in! Every person I know who will listen is now voting for sanders. We need you to do the same! Everyone needs to pitch in or we lose hands down. This isnt an election, were attempting revolution. 
It might not be that he wanted to vote against NASA, but that he really thought the funds were needed elsewhere.  
What if his whole campaign was a ploy to get Reddit Gold? 
People with service/lower wage jobs don't get weekends/holidays off. 
He means people have to vote for more than just him.  It's the congressmen, represenatives, governers that have to be behind him as well. 
I was just about to ask, "What's stopping them from having non-DNC debates? Why can't reddit host a debate?"  Thanks for answering me prematurely! 
I agree for recreational legalization. However, decriminalization is HUGE. It's one of the biggest ways that our country creates gaps between race and achievement, fills our prisons (and prison owners') pockets, takes tons of taxpayer money and police time away from things that matter, and also create opposition between otherwise productive citizens and police.   Decriminalization is one of the biggest high-impact issues Bernie could (reasonably) address in my opinion.  
You could have it listed in the ingredients. INGREDIENTS: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup made from genetically modified corn^1  1. short description or name of the strain or modified gene on the footnote. 
Economically I can see why you would say so, as something like universal Medicare is tantamount to the antithesis of Libertarian economical policy, but the social issues I would think Libertarians identify with. After all, less government regulation on what you can and can't do as well as reduced intervention seems to be in line with Libertarian ideals.  
Vermonter as well. Everyone is Vermont knows him, and I have never met someone who didn't like him though. And I live in Barre (reference for Vermonters). 
Also has there been enough nuclear dismantling to really get the number for nuclear?  Creating the plants always go overbudget. Dismantling always goes overbudget. Taking care of waste is also costly and there's no real solution for it. 
I'm a big fan of voting by mail to get the registered voters to vote. It works great in OR and WA, I love it.  
or "citizens united".  their entire wording is the exact opposite of what they do. 
Because he knows that if he gets in and gets shit done, the people who like what he did the first time around will vote for him again. 
Yeah, that's how policy makers get their bills through. Want to deregulate the banks, attach it to a bill that targets sex offenders. If anyone votes against it, they are pro-sex offenders.  That why Bill Clinton had it nice. Line item veto was the shit. I think the benefit of it far out weights the downsides. Would prefer if the line item veto could be overturned with a simple majority though. That way its truly more fair.  
The way these riders work is pretty obnoxious - you could be fully in support of a bill to outlaw kicking kittens, only to have someone add a rider to exterminate those pesky unicorns.  Either way you vote, it becomes an attack ad in the next election cycle. 
I dunno how they would apply it in the USA, but in my country, the election day is a mandatory holiday, your boss cant overrule it.  There is of course some absence, no method is perfect, but we do get more than the 40% USA gets. Last presidential election (Which were rigged as hell so many decided to say 'fuck it') we had an 80% of participation. 
I think we have it pretty right here in Australia- Federal elections are always on a Saturday, but in most elections (State and Federal) the polls open a few days early so that votes can be made if you can't do it on the official day. You can also register as a postal voter if you require it- for example, if you're a shift worker, are unable to travel or live more than 20 kms from a polling place.  It's also quite different here as voting is compulsory and it's a federal offence not to vote in an election. It's been rationalised to me before but I've always though that the U.S. voting system is designed to prevent low income workers from voting by having elections held on a weekday.  
Same with washington state. It was the first time I ever voted when I moved there because it was the first time I was able to. I just came home one day with a ballot of federal, state, and local things to vote on, put it back in the mail the next morning on the way to work and that was it, I voted! It was so insanely easy and with precedent in other states it wouldn't be to difficult for any state to start implementing. 
Yes - and if it could be wrapped into/around a civic holiday like the 4th of July then that would be even better.  We need parades and fireworks associated with voting and your civic duty.  We need electoral participation associated with pride in the country. 
The more big money loses, you mean. Let's not make this a partisan issue. 
I have posted this guide high and low because I want to make sure that everybody who wants to vote for Bernie gets to vote for Bernie. No cruel tricks; no rude surprises. 
My general opinion is that I'd be much more OK with that than a general warning.  
"Operation Iraqi Freedom" I think you're on to something... 
I'd like to think that he actually wants our country to do better.  Saddling people with huge debt hampers our citizens and potential small business owners with a massive burden that'll keep them from achieving their full potential. 
Not even that. Senators will negotiate by saying "If you support my bill to defund NASA I will support your bill to feed hungry children. You will accept this deal because without my vote your bill wont pass." 
Right, the point is that Sanders would've been 1 vote in 100, on a bill that would likely have done dozens or hundreds of things *in addition* to cutting some funding from NASA.  Hell, without context, this could simply have been, "You voted for federal budgets that cut NASA's funding over previous years." The federal budget is a very complicated document, and I doubt there are any elected officials who are completely satisfied with the budget they ultimately vote for. 
That's all well and fine if you actually want people to vote.  Here in America, we don't actually want people to vote which is why it's made as difficult as possible.  
Open for a few hours in the afternoon while you're at work. Or, you can wait 2 hours on Saturday. That's how it was in Ohio last presidential election. 
This^^^ The Clinton foundation's major donors are the same reptilians who donate to the Republican super pacs.  
Of course, this raises the important question of, if you respect a politician but don't agree with them on most issues, will you vote for them anyway?  It is an important question because, if the answer is generally no, a politician's goal becomes to convince the largest number of people that he agrees with them instead of convincing everybody that, if elected, he would do his very best to act fairly and critically on behalf of all his constituents.    There is an adage in politics that you can't accomplish great things if you can't get elected.  The question is can you get elected if you value honesty and integrity? 
A five star general, a Supreme Commander of Allied forces in Europe, who became President, and subsequently retired to the family farm leaving a warning that the Military Industrial Complex made him fearful of the future of the United States.  Definitely an interesting person. 
And Teddy Roosevelt (republican) was a nature loving large business hating man. Also Don't forget that the "Democrats" were the party of slavery, The trail of tears, and through FDR's new deal spread legal housing segregation to the north.   Parties change with time. 
See, I'm actually more okay with that when done in good faith. This is technically compromising and politics can't really exist without a bit of this. Everyone has their agenda's (with good or bad intentions behind them) and in order for them to be made into policy, you need to make a few trades. I much prefer this form of politics over the blackmail politics I was talking about in the parent comment.  
Yeah, that's why I always get an absentee ballot. 12 hour shifts with a 30 minute break if I'm lucky. I'm better off just mailing it in. I've actually never been to a voting booth, now that I think of it.  
I think "agrees with my position" is one of the shittiest standards we can use when it comes to electing politicians. I (and everyone else) are terribly ignorant on the vast majority of political issues, that's just the reality of living in a complex world with a staggering number of different issues.   I don't want a politician who agrees with everything I say because I recognize that I am probably wrong on a great number of them. I want a politician that will  examine the evidence, consult with experts, and think critically regarding the issue. Bonus points if if they can then communicate with me why they chose to take the action they did and what evidence they used to back that position.  Those are the sorts of people who we should be putting in office. 
And as a man who understood and witnessed the dangers of escalation, he actively sought to draw down the conflict with the Soviet Union. The Interstate Highway System essentially came from funds he took away from military expenditure. 
His farewell address was completely uncharacteristic of him. I think there was some regret in it. 
This. I voted in every election, minor or not, when I lived in Oregon. Since I moved away, it's now a major decision to take time off and go to a polling place. National vote-by-mail would be the single most effective thing I can think of to increase voter participation. 
"I don't want a politician who agrees with everything I say because I recognize that I am probably wrong on a great number of them."  And it because of this that you are, unfortunately, also in the vast minority. Not many Americans see (or have ever seen?) the value in the idea that true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing. 
Haha yes, most farmers are done with corn by now so maybe some of the stuff 2 weeks ago is popping up but beans are just getting planted. I'm in western Iowa where its been raining a bunch so its just been a waiting game for this mud to go away :P 
I had an amazing doubled pork chop with rhubarb. Now rhubarb is something we literally eat with desserts, but this dish was incredible. It was in Spain. It was a double pork-chop that had been slow-roasted over an open pit fire with rhubarb. Absolutely delicious. This was one of my mates that was trying to show off cooking in his back garden in Spain when we were out filming for KITCHEN NIGHTMARES. I didn't think it was going to work, to be honest.  And then when I started tasting, I thought *Shit! This is delicious!*  
Ehm - you know, sometimes it doesn't happen until 2-3 days later. No, I've never really got *sick,* but i was in a hotel last year in Vermont, and I didn't realize until I got home that I caught *nits* in the hotel.  Yeah.  And I did something really bad-  because I thought it was my daughter. I thought it was my youngest daughter, Matilda, and then it turns out it was *ME* with the nits. So I had my hair checked by my wife Tara, and I traced it back to the pillowcase in Vermont! So I apologized to Matilda. Because, you know, she's young and quite often kids get nits, and then my wife said "Listen, you're wrong. Tilly didn't give you nits."   Ridiculous.  
That's a really good question.  So across the filming procedure, we get the chance to spend time with them, with basic culinary lessons. So they won't know *exactly* what they're doing, but we'll show them basic techniques a few weeks prior. And also, things like the croquembouche - we'll do a class in sheet pastry, but we'll do sheet pastry BUNS, as opposed to actually doing a croquembouche.   When it comes to the more serious elimination challenges, they'll have insight 3-4 weeks out. We are halfway through shooting season 5 of Master Chef Junior, and I am staggered by the level of competition. We start taping tomorrow morning, but based on the standards of the first few seasons, the level is just amazing - they are coming in better, stronger. And for kids to have ballet lessons, soccer lessons, that's something we've grown up with. And I've never known kids like we're having now, who are having cooking lessons outside of school hours.  
Heh! Witty insults? Ehm... it just happens sort of spur-of-the-moment. I see red, I get frustrated, I let it go. I'm not very good at editing myself. I have to get things off my chest. If there's one thing my mum taught me, it's speak your mind, be firm, get things off your chest. I think it's a good way to work, and quite healthy to have that attitude. Do I think about it previously? No, they just come to me in a flashpoint. And sometimes even *I* sit back and think *Did I just say that?*  And then jellied eels - you've got to go to the East End of London, and get the most amazing Malt Vinegar. They're very healthy, packed with protein, and bloody delicious. And the River Thames now, in London, is TEEMING with eels - so some of the best eels in the world now are from London! They're delicious.  
That's a really good question.  I would recommend that you get adventurous with pulses - chickpeas, beans, lentils. And you know, cooking these is incredible. Brown rice? Phenomenal. You don't need expensive proteins. Just make them incredible with how you cook them, or prepare them - a pressure cooker is a great way of making these foods go a long way, is to cook them deliciously. Chilis, garlic, definitely.  
Good question! I got into running & doing triathlons - first of all, I've run over 15 marathons and doubles (ultra-marathons) in South Africa. So I needed a bigger sort of commitment, to spend a little bit more time to myself. So - listen - I love running, but it's given me quality time to spend on my own. SO I got into triathlons about 3 years ago, and it's helped me to stay even more focused in my day to day job.  
Well, first of all, you need help.  ***Spaghetti in a can!!?!*** That kind of shit we grew out of on our 8th birthday. I still remind my mum that she taught me how to spell with alphabetical spaghetti in a can.  You need help, big time.  My go-to sort of fast food snack... it would have to be In-N-Out Burger.  *Oh my god,* honestly, it is, when I eat Double-Doubles. I am *terrible.* And I always bring it back on the airport when I'm flying from LA to London, I'll sneak it into the first class lounge at BA! 
First of all, *The F Word* for me was a programme that taught me the importance of sources of food. The F Word tried to highlight the place of origin. How often do you go out for lunch or dinner, and you don't know where the food comes from? So the F Word tried to show the importance of that journey.  I've become a big fan of Vietnamese and Cambodian food. Because they cook with very little dairy. SO everything was tasty, but incredibly healthy at the same time. Great use of spice, broth, pork, a way of eating *well* but also JUST on the cusp of trying to stay healthy at the same time.   So, you know, when I travel across the US, I always try to get off the sort of main "foodie" - the main, sort of high streets, and get into little foodie quarters. If it's South New Orleans, or Austin Texas, I'm going for the latest little thing that's just opened. So I'm pretty low-key like that. I like going into some sort of off the beaten track areas.  
I have an amazing cocktail, which, you know, we're in Atlantic City currently, because we just launched the Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill here, which is where we're calling from now.   It's with Tanqueray Gin, and it's called "Wake up you Donkey!" I mean, hahahahaha - it is incredible. And also, it's quite sort of spicy, and fragrant, and it's absolutely delicious.  
Wow, that's a great question.  Well, negative - the WORST meal? There's been too many of them to tell you about, because the last ten years, working on KITCHEN NIGHTMARES, I've eaten a lot of crap. I think I've drank about THREE and half litres of Pepto-Bismol! And in terms of, you know, good meals - I had an incredible meal at the Black Liquor Market in Studio City. The most amazing Scotch eggs, deviled eggs, and then these short ribs that were braised in beer.  *Incredible,* just incredible.  
Oh, gosh.  I don't really get a chance to sort of look at the internet. D'you know what? I love that level of connection, and I try to show as much as I can, who I'm with, where I am, and giving people inspiration, so I don't really think of myself as a phenomenon on the internet.  I'm a cook. Who happens to be the luckiest cook in the world.  
I would seriously nerd-gasm if this ever happened and was televised. We NEED A Ramsay-Bourdain show!!!! 
"if you wanna be a good boy, run upstairs now and give it to her in bed.   ...the breakfast." Gordon Ramsay. 
That's really interesting.    For the adult Master Chef, do the contestants also get those kinds of lessons/techniques in advance?  Or is that unique to the MC Junior? 
Deep-fried tarantula. *Shivers.* I think I just gagged. 
And also, it keeps that little bit of, you know, appetite there, and that keenness to perfect what you're cooking.  Someone said to me last night "Never trust a skinny chef."  And I said "That's bullshit, never trust a fat chef."  And she said "Why?"  And I said "Because they've eaten all the good bits."  Yeah! 
Victoria isn't pulling any bullshit with this transcription. 
"..give it to her in bed..( *did i just say that* )..the breakfast." 
GG Gordon Ramsay promotes other people's upcoming work in his AMA.  
I've always found Mexican food to be a great cuisine in terms of getting a lot of flavor and nutrition for relatively low cost. 
Also, I have to say in a HUUB wet-suit, I look like I've got a fucking 8 pack. Which is unique about a chef in a wet-suit. It's incredible how toned you look.   I recommend every chef put on a wetsuit. It makes you look like Arnold Schwarzenegger.  
Well you can now check "getting yelled at by Gordon Ramsay" off your bucket list you lucky bastard 
Hey, sometimes I like to eat like I'm 5 again. :-)  I don't eat like that all of the time though. It's a guilty pleasure. 
Wow, you really do say fragrant and delicious a lot. I love you even more now.  
Funnily enough... the ice with Sriracha actually doesn't look too bad 
Aha, THAT'S why those eggs are so horribly off-putting.  Thank you for identifying what has been disturbing me for ages.  I couldn't put my finger on it. 
Always fuck up the toast, and then redo it.  That's the magical part. 
Some of my lifetime favorite restaurants are because the food is fantastic, but the service is magic. When I start to look for my server, they are right there. Sometimes they are there a fraction of a second before I know I want them, the rest of the time they are invisible.   That's what I pay for when I'm bringing a girl out on a first date. It's a fine art and very much appreciated. To me, it's what makes or breaks the experience when you expect the food to be johnny-on-the-spot. 
Yes the adults get the same training.   Source: I worked on MC season 5 and MC juniors seasons 2 & 3 
Given his comments about Clarkson a few weeks back, I'd probably lean towards the former. 
Don't forget that those shows are heavily edited.  So they might got 10 hours of happy Gordon and 1 hour of sweary Gordon but in the end if they show you 20 min and 20 min you would not be wiser about his true persona 
Ya it was actually really good, I was hoping for a season 2.  
Absolutely. Beans, rice, chilis, all cheap. You can make a good rice and bean stew for just a few dollars. 
Oh, now Ramsay and /u/GovSchwarzenegger in the same room would be hilarious. 
If you wanted, just act bat shit crazy, own a shitty restaurant, and you too can have your dream of getting yelled at by Gordon. 
In N Out is a great example of the philosophy that Gordon preached at a lot of confused, bad restaurants on Kitchen Nightmares: figure out what you do well and focus on it. You don't need 50 menu items to be a good eatery. In some cases, you only need 1.  
Is that the full title? Because I want it to be.  This is where I make some pun about a cooking show being a mouthful. No, I don't respect myself for it. 
My first In and Out order was a double double and animal fries.   *it was the best 5 minutes of my life* 
I had such joy reading his response, and I'm still laughing. I'm very visual person, so all I'm thinking of is Gordon going, "Oh, fucking hell! Spaghetti out of a fucking can!" 
On his wiki it said the first time he had it he actually finished the burger walked out went to the drive through ordered the same thing and went home with it  
"The most amazing." Seriously, watch any episode of any of his shows and just count how many times he says this. Like, take a shot for each time and you're done by the end of the episode. It's rather amusing.  
I remember when I was a bit more interested in the story a few years ago that I found that Sami was banned from France and Germany for drug (maybe human as well) trafficking. I found it on a few sources but if it's true then it really wouldn't surprise me that he started a restaurant to launder money. 
Have you not seen this episode?   It's nothing short of infuriating, it's literally hard to believe.   Glad it's out there, though, it's what got me back into KN.  
That and I'm convinced Samy is laundering money through the restaurant. 
I don't think I could SMELL it without puking. That is literally the only creation on that sub that has made me shudder in disgust. 
Have you encountered Oatly cream? My wife doesn't do well with cream while I love a lot of cream based cuisine, and cooking with soy cream always sucked.  Oatly is oat based from Sweden and works *way* better. It's not perfect, but it is very, very close. Absolutely worth a shot if you can find it (it's common in Europe, but I have not seen it in NA). 
Never thought I would hear somebody say Gordon Ramsay is a "zen master" haha 
Mr. Ramsay, you've got to make this poor chef great! 
How gutted would you be if that was Gordon's response. 
Strictly speaking, "nits" is the name for the spent egg-casings of headlice in the UK too. In recent years, "nits" has just become a catch-all term for the lice and their eggs.  So you're quite right. 
Wow masterchef Australia has less drama? I've never actually seen the US masterchef (it's hard to find here in the UK) but compared to UK masterchef the aussie one is so full of drama! The uk version is literally just bare bones cooking. No drama whatsoever.  
Sounds like you need to get your hands on some jelly 
Yeah, fucking FOX. It had John Cho, Bradley Cooper, and the kid from Freaks N Geeks. So angry they canceled it. 
Yeah if I go a few days with with less than 6 hours of sleep, RIP my immune system. 
Indian food is insanely good, some of the spices can a bit pricey though. 
Maybe if you can't come up with a name,  name the restaurant *ABC*?  
And on a massive scale, you have McDonald's, where everything is precision and research.  Don't believe me? The Filet O'Fish took a decade to create, because Ray Kroc fucking hated the way fish stinks when it cooks.  Frozen french fries? Another decade, with a full complement of research scientists working at a specialized institute.  People overlook them, but think of how hard it is to create a global menu that's impossible for even a hungover teen making minimum wage at 5 AM to fuck up. 
Another food critic did an AMA a few months back and said his favorite meal ever was a double double from In n Out and a rootbeer 
As he should, judging by the way he responded to these question. Sleeping 3 hours a day 5 days a week working I would be surprised the chef portion of him avoided anything.  He probably tried everything and anything to further improve his skills and knowledge. 
Well... ^thank you. *for* the question... Little girl 
What would be the point in getting on Kitchen Nightmares then? 
I used to love KN, but I can hardly watch it anymore simply because it's hard to watch the complete ineptitude. You know how some people have a really hard time watching cringey, embarrassing things whether or not they're scripted? That's what KN is for me at this point.  
Sometimes jokes come off weird when you have cameras on you. 
Just watched the episode and that fits remarkably well. "I am the gangster here" 
If you watch him cook for his family, or even when he is explaining something to someone who -wants- to learn, he gets very focused on what he is doing, and almost soft spoken. 
A subtle point: It doesn't seem like Gordon looks for talent, but grit and hard work. Gordon knows nothing about this guy's ability to cook besides his incredible passion. 
Not a chance /u/chooter forgets to let Gordon know about his response, haha!  
you missed the part where he doesn't have a girlfriend  
"You didn't even make this question fresh, it's old from the storage. YOU SERVE THIS TO AMA GUESTS?!" 
Good thing we have reddit to be nitpicky about this stuff.  ^(Kidding, I love learning about regional termonologies. Almost as much as I love making bad puns.) 
Oh wow. I should tune into the UK one sometime... The U.S. show is literally 30 minutes of drama and 10 minutes of cooking- and its dirty drama. I couldn't believe how friendly the aus one was. 
No question, it's an all time great. Gordon Ramsay doesn't do anything half assed. 
Ye, In stressful times where I get average of only 5 hours or so per night, I already get black rings under my eyes, feel like I have no energy when I wake up, my eyes burn and even my hair sheds like crazy.  
The dragon noodles are delicious. Spicy and delicious, fresh coriander is key. Thats the best part of the summer is basil, coriander and a few others are so cheap cause you can just grow them.  
My cousin came from ireland and tried it. Said he preferred mcdonalds. I havent spoken to him since  
I'm laughing so much at this. It will be the world's longest AMA, due to all the time spent formatting. 
Sometimes, just sometimes... You're batshit fucking crazy. 
Yeah, he has a criminal record for drug trafficking and claims to invested over a million in the restaurant. Plus, he doesn't let the servers enter orders on their system so I think he's generating fake receipts. 
OP if Everything works out then can we expect your own ama too? ;) 
Lots of people have talent. Not enough people have the determination to put it to use. That goes for lots of pursuits, not just cooking. 
OP you need to deliver on this as much you have ever needed to deliver a plate of food to one of your hungry anxious diners. 
You spelled "My mortal enemy and Hitler reborn" really weird, I didn't know it could be one word.  
Children...come closer...what did I SAY...about scooching? 
Yes, he's using fake orders, and miscounting tip income to launder money that would be one of the ways you do it, he probably also only takes cash for payments? This shouldn't come as a shock to anyone, unless you've never worked under the table or for a business that could have laundered money.  
Man, if this shit works out we gon do all kinds of shit 
Agreed - determined people will obtain talent, and they will always be determined.  Lazy people may be talented, but they'll always be lazy. 
But what kind of idiot broadcasts his money laundering setup on reality TV? 
Saying they'll always be lazy isn't true. But it definitely takes a lot of inner strength and/or discipline to overcome said laziness. 
I may be generalising based on what I've seen of American TV but Masterchef seems to reflect the attitudes of the nations pretty well.. The British contestants are reserved, the Australian ones are all ridiculously nice and the Americans hate each other. The contestants on Hell's Kitchen and Top Chef are the same and they're supposedly professional chefs.  
the reason they wanted to be on Kitchen Nightmares was to show the 'haters' on the web (bad reviews on yelp or something) that the restaurant was good.   What better way than to make Gordon Ramsay say so on television. When it was obvious he would not do that, I think it stressed her out.  Ultimately, I think he did it for his wife, cus she couldn't handle being criticized. Ironic. 
Maybe you could ask Gordon to cater your wedding :P 
Absolutely not?  Such emphasis!  Is he not your type? 
If the restaurant is a front, the haters are irrelevant. And owners dumb enough to think that the producer of a show about turning around terrible restaurants is going to broadcast 42 minutes of him saying "you guys are great!  You certainly don't need *me*!" are too dumb to pull of a long-term racketeering job.  Come to think of it, if the restaurant is a front, it's incredibly stupid to attract the kind of infamy they had even before they went on Kitchen Nightmares. 
Loved it then and I love it now. I would have to say the "Hidden Mickey" at the Disney / MGM Studios. The actual park used to make a giant mickey mouse when seen from an airplane. Echo Lake (where Gertie's is) made his right ear and the place where that horrible hat was made up the nose. All of the expansions tore it all to shreds though. :( There are a LOT of attractions I miss terribly though. Horizons was such a peaceful ride (and cool as shit) and Journey into Imagination with the original figment had so many amazing tricks in it. I miss Delta Dream Flight and Mr. Toad's Wild Ride a lot too. 
For the most part I appreciated when parents would stay in character. I hated when people would tell their kids "It's just a guy in a suit, don't be scared", which scares the kids even more. What I didn't like was when they would drill me with trivia questions and make me act out the answers. That used to be fun in the old days but toward the end we had to see as many guests as possible and there was always pressure from management to go faster and faster. 
Oh my god I could go on for days about that. One thing that stands out was a special event where they needed 16 Mickeys all set out in various rooms and seeing all of them backstage was really weird.  
A guy once asked me to choke him for a picture (I didn't). That's a hard one because guests routinely do stupid weird things. I think the worst of them is when people bring their newborn infants to the parks and ask us to hold them for a picture. I can't see shit in Goofy let alone other costumes and I'm wearing giant gloves or paws or whatever depending on what character I am. Why would you let me hold your baby? Yeesh! 
I worked for Disney in merch at Magic Kingdom, do you remember where in MK he worked? I'm still part of some Facebook groups for Cast Members so I might be able to find him.  Either way, if you want him to get recognized, write a letter or email to Guest Relations. It'll help if you know around when you met him and where he worked (so they can find him easier) but it means a lot for a CM to receive a guest letter. We get to take the letter home and get a certificate and it's a really big deal that means a lot to CMs 
If you're talking about the "face" performers the answer is yes and no. Some of the break rooms are like the high school cafeteria where the "cool" princesses (elsa and anna) sit on one side and make eyes at the "old" characters (snow and poppins). It's really childish. Other face performers think they're on Broadway and demand respect and they hate not getting it. But those are extreme cases of a few bitches. For the most part the face performers are as much a character as any of us. Some of them are the sweetest people I've ever met in my life. 
Oh. My. God.  The first time some kid asked me to do the Perfect Cast I had no idea what he was talking about so I faked it. The kid didn't buy it but luckily I had an escort (that's what they called attendants back in the day) tell the kid that I already forgot it (which is bullshit if you watch the movie). They don't prepare you for details like that in training. You're just supposed to figure it out yourself. Never met Powerline unfortunately. 
We are NOT ALLOWED TO EVER TALK IN COSTUME IN FRONT OF GUESTS. EVER. Backstage however, anything goes. I used to love telling dirty jokes to unsuspecting new hires. I do have a good Goofy laugh but it took me years to perfect. 
I once saw an adult beat the absolute living shit out of a pre-teen boy on set as the Queen of Hearts. We're told never to interact when something like that happens so I had to leave. I've seen tons and tons of guests lose their shit in Guest Relations, particularly when it involved people not getting their way. I wish I had a camera sometimes. I would get so much delicious karma from /r/PublicFreakout 
Really?!? I remember feeling like I embarrassed you two! It's so nice to meet your adult self! 
It would depend on the situation. I've met my double on set by accident a few times over the years (it happens to the best of us) but it was just that, an accident. The only way someone would get fired (I'm only guessing here) is if they did it on purpose. 
Well, the worst I personally saw was in the 90's when Fantasyland Character Festival was still around which was the old queue for 20K Leagues Under the Sea. One of our greeters (that's what they called them then, they're attendants now) was a trans woman (that wasn't fooling anyone) and the police came and picked her up backstage. Evidently she was the father of a missing child and she was hiding out at Disney. Fucked up huh? There was also the infamous Michael Chartrand case who was the Tigger that felt up one of the guests. That was a really embarrassing blemish for Disney. It was on the front page of the Orlando Sentinel which is plopped down on everyone's doorstep at Disney (in the premium resorts anyway). He got his job back (there was a totally bizarre court case. His lawyer actually dressed up as Tigger to give the closing arguments) but he was fired a few years later for allegedly doing the same thing to one of the photographers. 
Playing peek-a-boo was my standard go-to with frightened children. It also helped if I pretended to be scared too then slowly took steps closer. The worst thing that happens is when parents try to force their kids on me or scold them for being scared. It always made the situation worse. 
I'm a mascot for a minor league baseball team. Sometimes I accidentally catch myself smiling underneath the costume.  
Wow, I have so many... I've answered some of this in the comments above but one thing that stands out was an emergency park dump one Forth of July in '95. There was a weird power glitch and all of the attractions went down at the same time and had to be evacuated. When they do the Fire Code estimates of how many people can be in the park at one time it is assumed that people will be in the rides. The Fourth of July is one of the park's busiest days of the year. Everyone dumped into the common areas of the park and it became dangerously crowded. One guest freaked out and pulled out something sharp and started stabbing guests to get out. I had to bring a stabbed guest back to her hotel to get her ID so she could go to the hospital. I'd never been so thankful to get off the desk in City Hall. That was a nightmare. 
They have to attempt to mimic the character's signature to the best of their ability. You sign so much though, it becomes second nature.   Wife was sleeping beauty for 3 years.  
I would go back in a heartbeat. Unfortunately this AMA would prevent that anyway. My therapist suggested it as a way to provide closure to the grieving process. Thank you for the kind words though. I appreciate it. 
It seems common sense, but go on "off times". Meaning late Feb/early march. Most people have already had their Winter break and it's before Spring Break season/school trip season. The parks are usually pretty slow (relatively). One of my favorite times of the day was the first gate opening of the day at MK. We called them the Stroller Races. It was fun watching all the moms speed walk their strollers as fast as they could to wherever they were going.  Also, I HIGHLY recommend taking part in, or at least watching the lowering of the flag at dusk/sunset. They'll usually allow a service member or EMS person to take part in and receive the flag they lowered. It's one of those simple events people usually just walk passed but is amazing to watch. Same goes for the fire show at the Polynesean at sunset time. 
Wasn't me but I'd like to shake the hand of the Goofy that helped you. That's a true magic moment. 
Hmmmm... One is the Automated Vacuum Assisted Collection System in the Magic Kingdom. There's a "tunnel" underneath (it's actually the first floor, the second and third floors are what you see in the park) and the AVACS is a series of tubes that connects all of the restaurants to the main dump that's behind Splash Mountain. The trash is whisked away under the park so the guests don't have to see it or smell it. It's pretty cool. 
I frowned once after opening a lanyard I'd bought and found to be frayed. Instantly a cast member appeared. It was creepy. 
My signature on my drivers license is Goofy's autograph. I signed it as a joke but the lady at the DMV told me my signature could be anything I wanted. I've signed Goofy by accident a few times. I did a lot of tigger too and would sometimes forget who I was and sign Goofy anyway. 
I'm not sure if I can ever go back. Right now I'm just doing odd jobs to survive and I'm getting help from my family. The problem is finding my passion. I never intended to leave Disney and that was my passion. I think I'd like to go into a field where I'm able to help people, perhaps with troubled teens or people with addiction problems. I have zero experience though so not many doors are open to me at the moment but I'm working on ways to fix that. :)  
We used to be able to sign our character's autograph any way we wanted (except Mickey) but then a guy named Chris came up with standard autographs which are consistently used no matter who the performer is, which is way better in my opinion. We have a small summary of the character that has the autograph on it and we try to make it look the same when we sign. Goofy is easy to do but I can write it upside down which would totally freak the guests out. :) That took a while to learn. I can also sign it behind my head and with my eyes closed. 
I once misjudged a step and ended up in the mud up to my knees at a park once (it was a special cast member event so I got away with it). I've tripped countless times and was always able to make it part of the act so to speak. I almost cut off a guest's toes once (I was Baloo and she was wearing open sandals) which was disgusting because of the blood. I also fell down the stairs on the castle stage as the Queen of Hearts once. Not my proudest moment. 
What it feels like to put a genuine smile on someone's face while dressed up as a character. 
Not OP but lived in Orlando and can answer the second one. They're technically not ever allowed to say that they ARE the character, they're supposed to tell people theyr'e "friends with" the character. A college friend of mine was "friends with" Belle. But most people who live around here know someone at Disney and so we all know what the code means.  
When my daughter was 4 she made Pluto cry. We were at the Disney Hotel in DL. Pluto ran over to me and my kids. My eldest daughter wasn't ever afraid of the characters but my 4 year old never wanted anything to do with them. (Wouldn't even sit on Santa's lap at Christmas time) Pluto ran over and waved at us but my 4 year old ran away from him. He chased after her a few steps in a way to plead with her but when he wasn't able to win her over he ran over to a bench and laid down and sobbed. My heartless toddler didn't give a shit if she made that dog cry.  
Honestly, it was my most exciting moment at work. I still can't believe they let me do that.  
I had two stalkers for about 8 months. They were two British guests that were here for a long time. They would come watch my first two sets (started when I was Captain Hook but mostly when I was the Queen of Hearts) then they would go to the Animal Kingdom and watch Lion King and then head back to the Magic Kingdom to see my last two sets. They did this every day. An attendant slipped up and told them my name (she assumed I knew them) so no matter what costume I was in they'd find out. I had SO MUCH FUN with these two girls. It got a bit creepy towards the end and they started writing me notes that were weird. Eventually security talked to them and they left me alone. I actually kind of miss them, they were a lot of fun. 
Honestly, it depends. We have some people that dream of working at Disney their entire lives. Some of them freak out when they find out how it all works and they get bitter. Others come in bitter and Disney gets them and they're full of the dust (the Pixie kind). Personally, I was gung-ho at first then calmed down a bit but then exploded again. I loved working there. Well, I loved being on stage with guests. Backstage, the managers are always on your ass, which used to be different. Sad really, but that's the way it went. 
I got lost at typhoon lagoon. I played checkers with some dude for like 30 minutes until my family found me. 
Wear comfortable shoes. Book your restaurants in advance. Try not to bring your busy life with you. Enjoy the scenery while you're waiting in the queues. It's a good opportunity to people watch. Don't expect to do half of what you want to do. Prioritize and get the most important stuff out of the way **on the first day**. Don't wait. And know that part of the fun of Disney is discovering things as you go. Ask your fellow guests in line what they think is cool. You'll make some friends and uncover more about the park than I could ever tell you! :) Have fun and say hi to Goofy for me okay? 
Wait....Mr. Toad's Wild Ride...? How did you manage to get off? 
My parents tried the "it's a man in a suit" thing... Toddler me thought the costume had just eaten a grown-ass man and I was TERRIFIED.  Sorry management tried to stream-line your interactions; sounds like they sucked the heart and soul out of it.   
I dress as Chewbacca at conventions. People have no clue that you have no visibility or dexterity. 
It was the 1st store to the left on Main Street.  It was November 30, 2016. I already wrote a review on Facebook mentioning him but I'll write a letter for sure!!  
The Great Goofini was trying to get one of our kids to "fly" with him for a photo a few years back.  The boy wasn't following the plot until Goofy whispered "You.  Fly!" in his ear.  He still talks about it with wide-eyed wonder. 
Shit, that had to be traumatic for the kid. Not only he is beaten in public but his childhood hero Goofy sees it and decide to turn around and walk away... He must felt betrayed.   
do the suits get washed regularly?  like daily? i would think they would get pretty rank after a few days in the Florida heat 
After 20 years, you were fired over that? Was it a full on fight lol? 
This actually happened to my 5 year old son. There were 2 Minney Mouses in front him him to choose from.  He took the gun and shot his sister in the leg and then turned the gun on himself.   
Dressed up like Tigger for closing arguments?! Goodness I want to see this 
Some coworkers and I were talking about Disney as our CEO was taking his family there.  Sometimes you remember things as a kid.  I said "Oh you have to go on the haunted mansion ride.  The floor slowly rises up and scary things pop out of the walls and then the light goes on and one of you is a plant and they pull them out on a stretcher!"  Everyone stared at me.  Then it clicked.  When I was a kid, I had watched a man have a heart attack in the haunted mansion ride. 
Whoa wait, now I want to ask you stuff.  The Disney princesses are some of the most perfect looking women I have ever seen in my life. They glide across the ground as if they are on wheels instead of using feet. They look perfect and unblemished and their voices are relaxing to hear.  What in the world is it like being married to one? Does she just silently glide in and out of rooms and startle you constantly? Do they wake up at like 2 in the morning to start getting ready? Are they always balancing books on their head or something? Are they a minimum of 8/10 and Disney boot camps them into 10's? 
These are weird ways to say Lilo & Stitch and Atlantis: The Lost Empire. 
So whenever you're standing next to Pluto do you ever feel anthropomorphicdog dog masterace proud? 
I wonder how many naughty kids have been thrown in there? 
My friend dropped an ice cream cone while in a bathroom stall, and moments later a broom came under the stall door and took it out... 
I met you as Goofy around 2001!! I had completely forgotten this memory until I reading this, but I distinctly remember Goofy signing an autograph behind his head! You have completely blown my mind 
I had to "make and eat spaghetti" when I auditioned in '98. 
did said dance involve a black/brown leather couch  
How does cutting a guest's toes not get you fired but bumping into a child does?? 
Two guests were at Disney World for 8 months? Do they shit money? 
The store you're talking about is the Emporium, and I actually worked there in the Fall of 2015! When you mentioned Bud I thought it sounded familiar, but now that I know it was the Emporium I know exactly who you're talking about! I'm not sure if he has a Facebook but I'm going to try and find him.  Disney does monitor Facebook so they might have seen it, but yeah send a letter just to be sure! At the Emporium it's a pretty big deal, a leader will have an informal meeting, and the person being recognized gets called to the front as the letter is read out loud to everyone. It goes on our permanent record and is a great thing to have. 
I left a Facebook review but I am going to write and e-mail as well. He went way above and beyond. We talked for maybe a good hour about life and experiences. Two things stuck with me the most. He told be about Walt's 1st character, Oswald and how in a bad business deal it was stolen from him. He then created Mickey, one of the most iconic characters ever. It made me realize that even though something was "stolen" from me great things can still happen. The 2nd was he kept say how we are wonderful people and for some reason he can just tell that amazing things are going to happen to us. It made me feel like the universe sent him to tell me not to give up yet.  
If you don't mind me asking, what happened to the girls?  He says in the story that they didn't know anyone from the girls family or how to contact them because they were foreign. Did they just go into foster care or did they eventually contact someone related to them? 
Seriously! I came to this thread to laugh at some guy shitting on Disney World, not spend my lunch break weeping like a little girl!  Seriously though, that is one of the best things i've read on reddit. 
Full grown man, sitting on the toilet at work, with tears rolling down my face. Thank you for sharing.    
All the characters have a "handler" that would probably take care of harder things like that 
Yeah man every. single. day. Also was a character performer  
That's a long and painful story. Disney still has no idea the pain and trauma that caused. There were other reasons I think I was not brought back, one of them being terrible legal advise from a lawyer I sought out before my final arbitration. I was also sort of a whistle-blower and I think that played a big role. 
"It's a small world after all, and I aim to make it smaller"  *BANG*   
Jeez use your spellcheck, it's spelled, "The Emperor's New Groove." 
They should team up to try and find the milk of human kindness. 
The widely accepted theory are that clothes are what make the difference in intelligence. Pluto just has a collar. Chip and Dale are a good example. They can't talk in any circumstance but in Rescue Rangers, where they wear clothes. 
This.  Even as late in the 90's my little girl could find Eyeore near Splash Mountain sitting on a bench.  No one else around, and my daughter climbed on bench, leaned over, and just wrapped her arms around him.  Eyeore let out a small sigh, and just held her.  I took one picture, but they stayed like that for what seemed a good five minutes.  My heart was so happy that day. 
you mean "bad eggs"? (or "bad nuts" for the purists) 
Unless they can all sign it upside-down I definitely met this guy too 
So much of the Stark Expo reminded me of Disney World. John Slattery's Howard Stark reminded me a lot of Disney, actually.  
you click the button beneath your comment that says *edit*   
Goofy is my boy too. First time I ever went to Disney World when I was 15 with my track and field team (shot out team all big beefy teens) I kept looking for Goofy and couldn't find him. Finally I saw him in one of those old timey swimsuit onsies standing in a spot with water spraying everywhere. I yelled "Goofy!" And ran at him. Musta taken him by surprise to see a 6 ft 210 lbs dude charge him with arms outstretched. But I took a picture and got soaked from the water. That was 18 years ago. Still awesome.  
I'm in child welfare. They might be temporarily placed but I'm sure they got home. Embassies would be involved in something like this. Especially since I'm sure media was involved. The only time they're absolutely guaranteed not to fuck things up royally is in media cases.  
I know I'm crying, you don't need to remind me.   Such a touching story. Thanks OP made my day that much better 
It would do Anna and Elsa well to remember that everyone was the most popular princess once 
This is hilarious and I can see it working. Talk about an ice breaker from left field.  
I think the most standout one is about the sisters who were involved in a car accident. I had to take a breather after reading that, it was a really sad story but he did an amazingly beautiful thing for them. 
"Be safe tonight young one, you never know what can happen late at night in the park when someone can turn the cameras in the park off" 
Every day - on rare ridiculously hot days, I'd personally go through two costumes a day. 
Tell the truth - she ever get to bring the Mickey mouse costume home?  Were you Goofy, Pluto or Minnie?   
This mindset always baffles me from companies.  Seems like hiring someone new is a way bigger risk then keeping someone who made a mess up after 20 years of consistency.   
'Butts Grocery' just doesn't have the same ring as H.E.B.  on the bright side, instead of the H-E-Buddy, you'd have Butts-Buddy.  You can't win them all... 
I don't know whether to quote Strong from Fallout 4 or Lady Macbeth from Macbeth 
No wonder Donald Duck is such a jackass. He doesn't wear pants, so is constantly torn between sapience and raw animal instincts. It would also explain Scrooge's unbridled greed to some degree; he doesn't have adequate impulse control. 
I'll tell you a fun story about good historical re-enactors. When my mother was in highschool, they went on a field trip to Plimoth Plantation. One kid brought his Walkman (with either Metallica or Iron Maiden, I forget which) and put it on the ears of their carriage driver.  The dude totally flipped out about "devil music" and drove the carriage to the center of town, where they proceeded to put the kid in the fake stocks and have a trial for his witchcraft. Apparently it was amazing and hysterical and everyone loved it. 
Wasn't that the point? The whole thing was an EPCOT reference.  
Doctor: Point out on the doll where Ihaveanotheridentity touched you. *points to the heart* 
Former special educator here: people can search "abilitations" on amazon to find tons of toys and therapeutic stuff for children with special needs. Some of these items can also work well as soothers for children who don't have special needs, per se, but may not be up to their normal play due to symptoms or treatment side effects. (Light projectors, stuff that plays music, sound machines that do rain or ocean sounds, etc. can be a real boon to nurses and parents who are trying to help kids relax and sleep when they're not feeling well.) 
I used to hear them in my sleep. Now I don't hear a beep.  
Sitting in a class in the military doing the same thing. Mostly because I'm not supposed to be on Reddit, but also because I can't let these other grown ass men see me cry, right? 
Be cynical, but please be cynical about the company, not the people. The "boots on the ground" really make that place something special every day. 
They should realize that they'll be the old characters too one day. Belle might make a comeback next year with the new movie coming out and all.   I just read what I wrote and it just sounds absolutely ludicrous. 
Almost closed it right before I got got. Kind of glad I didn't. 
 /mascots holding melee weapons coalescing out of the shadows 
Grad Night 2001. We took E and I'll tell you what, Disney has never been more fucking magical. When on E you know the others who are as well. So many people were rolling it's not even funny. Peaked while stepping off the haunted house ride at the end, proceeded to run up the moving floor thing and bounced with every step. Anytime I go back now as an adult and I feel that bouncer material under my feet it instantly takes me back.haha 5/7 would do again. 
I personally go through three in some cases. And I'm just a visitor. 
Of all the AMAs where I really couldn't care if the guy was legitimate or not, he gives me 17 pictures of him loving Disney. Man I wished I even _liked_ my job. 
Nah you can't leave with those costumes because they clean them every day, as a routine. My ex gf was minnie/mickie   
Yeah, 20 years isn't anything to scoff at. My guess would be that it's an easy way to avoid paying benefits. Surely someone will fuck up given enough decades. Fire them before they can retire.  
It really was magic meeting him, he truly changed our lives! 
Alarm fatigue doesn't exist for security and the nicu and picu proximity alarms 
Let em see. People confuse manhood, strength, integrity, honor and courage with being stoic.  What I'd see is a soldier who I know would drop everything, his heart not diminished, to go help a child.  There is honor in empathy. There is glory in love. There is majesty in compassion.   
I was ready for the magic of Disneyland to disappear when I came into the thread and I fucking love Disneyland.  I sincerely believe that Disneyland is even more special now. 
I did close it, and after reading your comment, went back to watch the whole thing.  No regrets. 
I know you're joking but after my first day walking round a park in Orlando I had to take a change of t-shirt for pretty much the rest of the trip. Not built for 40C and 100% humidity! 
I can't believe how many people in this thread dated Disney characters 
I guess it makes sense but it's still pretty... Goofy  I'll see myself out 
The way they lowered the volume so much that you had to turn it up loud to hear the video... it's the little details. 
Yeah I got lucky/unlucky? I've been told alot about the inner workings its pretty crazy as far as how strict they are as ben previously said. My sister currently works there as dale I believe. They have like 30min shifts because of how crazy hot it is sometimes longer for events 
No because the shorter my fights are, the more fights I can have. I only have a finite amount of fight time, and I'd like to fight as long as possible.  
1. winning my Olympic medal 2. doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. If a guy is lame, he'll have to come up with activities to distract you from his lameness. If he's all kinds of awesome, doing nothing with him with be all kinds of awesome. 
Yes. Very soon. It's just my life is crazy sauce, so it's hard to do just fun stuff. Apart from reddit :) 
well... a lot of the good ones have been taken, but I'd like to vie for Miss Marvel.  
I accept that I have NO control over my image already. So, I try not to let the state of my perception have any effect on my happiness. You can never truly know anyone through only media anyway. If anything I just try to keep in mind that I'm an entertainer and not a politician or Miss America. 
Buffalo Bill. Him destroying the buffalo population of America also destroyed the Native American culture and coming from Jamestown ND, which boasts having the largest statue of a buffalo in the world, the plight of the buffalo is quite near and dear to my heart. 
i always get super stoked when I see it's a Daenarys (the ANTI D.N.B.) chapter, and would get really bummed when I saw it was a Catlyn chapter. But for some reason my heart is always Team Stark.   My sigil would be a Mew with Vegeta hair. 
At least 60 in one sitting. But there were no bets on the table. I think I could've done more if it really came down to it. 
Having the same conversation over and over reminds me of bar-tending, and I'm thankful for the training I received having to deal with stupid questions from repetitive drunks. I only do it because I know I'll receive tips at the end ;) 
Only in post.  The advice: for any woman trying to break into a male-dominated career, I'd say the greatest thing you can do is always keep in mind that you always have the right to be there. 
I know I'm not rowdy. but, you do the sports and activities for YOU. Don't let them bother you. In 10 years you're still going to be buff and fit, and all them will be wishing they were you, or with you.  
Definitely. I loved being in Wrestlemania and will find a way to get back in the squared circle I just have no clue when. And any real wrestling fan would want to be surprised anyway. 
1 Mew sized Mewtwo, 'cuz everyone knows that even though Mewtwo has better stats than Mew, 100 Mews totally overcome that. 
Ooooooh. Since I've been playing from the beginning I have a certain affinity for the psychic type. But that being said, fairies seem pretty badass these days but I gotta go with the original 151 types and psychic was my fave because Mew is my jam.  
Sounds tempting.... but I prefer a man to have the balls to ask me through a medium other than the Internet. Good try though- you sound like a catch. ;) 
I don't want a lot of things in life but a Rowdy Glare just entered my top 5. 
Someone explain to me how this girl isn't every man's dream. 
Ronda should have a character in MK. If she beats you with a flawless victory on the first thirty seconds her fatality tears your arm off. 
Referring to dragon ball Z in an answer, Jesus you are going to win the internet  
You as Carol Danvors world be perfect. Make this happen Marvel. 
This is by far the least predictable AMA I've ever seen. 
A reply for that video is what I hoped to see in this AMA.  It made me happier than it probably should have.   
Donnie Baker has been a part of the Bob & Tom radio show for ages.  He's done a lot of great comedy.  Look up damn near any Bob and Tom show from the past....I dunno 6-8 years at last, and he probably has at least one "phone call" in most of them.  Dude's great, so are B&T too.   
*realizes Ronda makes more by talking to reporters than I do for a month's salary* 
As a woman in male dominated work force, I couldn't agree more.  
Insulted but followed up with a winky face by Rousey. All-in-all, lets consider it a win for the ages. 
So at about 30 seconds a match, Ronda will be here for a while folks.  
WWE SUUUUUUUUUUUPPPPEEEERRRR SLLLLLLAAAAAAAMMMMMMM 
Not sure if you answered one question or all of them.   
Boy the Reddit beards getting Cardale Jones levels of thirsty in these Pokemon related responses.  
Getting called a catch by Ronda Rousey... Scratch that off the bucket list. 
At first I thought it would be cool, but now I realize shitting myself would actually be quite the contrary.  
Different strokes for different folks, man.   Not everyone like blue cheese with their wings, and that's the deal breaker for me, man. /s 
And then she says "don't cry". I know it doesn't fit real life, but it's just too good to pass up.  
I swear I just envisioned Gary Oldmans head shaking violently when reading that.  One of the best performances throughout.  
This is amazing! Fucking throwing in buffalos out of nowhere. 
Yes its North Dakota we don't have much to boast about  
The most important thing I learned from that movie was that money can't buy knives. 
Honestly, she probably does more work talking to reporters than I do at my job, so fair enough. 
Congratulations on your recovery! Always nice seeing stuff like this on reddit. 
She's going to end up defending her belt against the children of her current opponents. 
Yeah, don't hold back this time Ronda.  ^^^thanks ^^^/u/neverpullout 
i aint come here to play sch -- ask non-pokemon questions 
I doubt she could do the latter. While she's in an actual gym I'm running through Hoenn with my woes  
That mans already screen shotted it for his headstone.    
Well she can prove herself if someone actually questions her, unlike most people if they make those claims. 
It's blue cheese with your wings or go fuck your mother! 
Pretty sure. Carol is now known as Captain Marvel, Ms. Marvel is /r/KamalaKhan 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. 
*North Dakota: We're farther north than South Dakota!* 
My dad tracks his caloric intake fairly closely. There was one day that he rode his bike about 100miles or so and went through something absurd like 8,000 calories.  I think 4,000 or so of the calories were eaten while riding.   My dad might be a car.    
"What if I lost this power!?... Oh no! I just said 'what if I lost this power!?' I had the power and I lost it!" 
Full body boner sounds like an Urban Dictionary entry for rigor mortis. 
Ronda doesn't spend 25 seconds of each match sobbing 
I pissed my pants about 47 min ago and I had no idea why until I read her reply just now.  
one gets dicked down for a living and one does the dicking 
I just looked at it and thought   "That vomit is really weirdly shaped."  Then I thought it would be funny if it was Bermuda shaped, so I did some research and it turns out it actually was.  
IIRC it was made by Naughty Dog for an award show. 
I'm a dude, but I'll smoke you out for a chance to relive Pokemon snap and eat some wings. 
^^Do ^^it! ^^Do ^^it! ^Do ^it! ^Do ^it! Do it! Do it! **Do it!** **Do it!** ***Do it.*** 
Hey! Quit it with your grammatically correct sentence!  
As a lifelong fan, I'm somewhat of an authority on how much they suck 
Everyone in that crowd?  They were all Albert Einsteins from multiple universes and periods of time.  Neanderthal Einsteins, Year 2525 Einstein, Cronenburged Einstein, Zombie Einstein, Child Einstein, and Female-counterpart Einsteins from each universe, all there.  All clapping.  All Einstein. 
nah man, she wont break your arm, but she'll help you out if you break both 
I don't get any of these references. Tryin to make a change :-\ 
Rowdy Throw! Rowdy Throw! Throw my corpse right out the dooooor! 
If you want to get to orbit or beyond, go with pure rockets. It is not like Von Braun and Korolev didn't know about airplanes and they were really smart dudes. 
Mostly gravity. The center of gravity is pretty low for the booster, as all the engines and residual propellant is at the bottom.  We are going to weld steel shoes over the landing feet as a precautionary measure. 
At first, I was thinking we would just scale up Falcon Heavy, but it looks like it probably makes more sense just to have a single monster boost stage. 
I pretty much made that up. I have no idea :)  The grid fins are super important for landing with precision. The aerodynamic forces are way too strong for the nitrogen thrusters. In particular, achieving pitch trim is hopeless. Our atmosphere is like molasses at Mach 4! 
There is a great quote by Churchill: "If you're going through hell, keep going." 
I do kinda feel like my head is full! My context switching penalty is high and my process isolation is not what it used to be.  Frankly, though, I think most people can learn a lot more than they think they can. They sell themselves short without trying.  One bit of advice: it is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.   
Yes, but probably only a few hours  Party at Cocoa Beach!  
This question probably breaks certain agreements sadly 
Goal is 100 metric tons of useful payload to the surface of Mars. This obviously requires a very big spaceship and booster system. 
Default plan is to have a sea level and vacuum version of Raptor, much like Merlin. Since the booster and spaceship will both have multiple engines, we don't have to have fundamentally different designs.   This plan might change. 
SR-71  Hard to pick a favorite. I tend to like FPS with a story, like Bioshock, Fallout or Mass Effect, but was also a big fan of Civ and Warcraft.  French and BBQ  Whiskey     
As interesting as the space-related stuff is, this is exactly the topic I'd like to know more about.  The concerns were pretty serious, so, yes -- what galvanised them, I wonder... 
Yes, he has talked about electric, supersonic, vertical take off and landing jets. He thinks that once batteries reach an energy density of 400 wh/kg, it will be feasible to have a range of 2000-3000 miles.  He's also talked about making pre-fabricated freeway sections to speed up construction on the 405. (he has to sit through the traffic there almost every day). 
What is this? Is there no concept of Boot Salesman-Client Confidentiality? 
He actually invented time travel in the future, and realized by looking at ancient records of "The Great Modernizer" of the 21st century that this figure was, actually, himself. He knew from that point on that he had to return to push humanity forward.  This would be make a great writing prompt.  
I'm a software engineer from Detroit.  I'm currently working in Silicon Valley but moving back to Detroit next month.  I would leave my job in a heartbeat if Tesla opened up a location in Southeastern Michigan! 
Pretty sure you can count yourself in that list of "smart dudes" now. 
I hope all goes well.  Thanks for the answer.  I've been searching for info on your plans for months.  I'd imagined some sort of powder actuated fastener system firing structural bolts into the deck of the barge after landing and before crew arrives.   It must be more stable than I thought though. 
Thank you so much for the answer. So, a single monster stage with loads of "small" Raptors? Cool. N1 kind of cool, hopefully minus the exploding part. 
Bro haven't you seen the movie? Awful idea. Octopus monsters. 
I see you haven't forgotten your Computer Science roots (trunk?). Hopefully you are still thread safe.  
What kind of mass ratio do your upper stages have? 
Thanks for answering! I teach high school astronomy in Orlando, and we always watch your rocket launches and talk about SpaceX. We're big fans. I'll get to work on my storytelling skills.  
Follow-up question: How much do you sleep per night, on average?  
Oh my goodness, I am so starstruck. You responded!! Thanks for the information, and thank you so much for responding!! You made my year!!  By the way, might 27 be the number of engines you're talking about? ;) 
Could you say that the space suit is Based on Space activity suit that uses mechanical counter pressure rather than a traditional air pressurized space suit? 
Wow, that is insanely ambitious. Thanks for responding!! 
Elon, are you trying to find Prothean ruins by chance? 
And just to add, these regulations restrict both human-operated and computer-operated vehicles. 
I don't know if I could handle being rich enough to have a freeway built because I'm sick of traffic.. I'd be like Zoidberg on double turkey thanksgiving. 
Unfortunately I could only hope for an entry level position but I would be first in line and work my ass off for decades to become important within the company. 
Yeah, if Elon succeeds with the whole cheaply and rapidly reusable thing, his name is going up there next to von Braun and Goddard. 
I'd be interested to hear his thoughts on that.  The orbiters were never really meant to do the same thing rockets were (an orbiter would probably never have made it to Mars), but further developments like the X-37B seem to be really good at... whatever secret thing it's doing.  And they certainly seemed useful in building the ISS. 
Bill Cosby's nutsack called Elon Musk "bro".  And with that, a very good night to all. 
*I think I've solved all of the worlds energy problems* 
He has reminded us of our humanity. does the duck thinks he's being chased or leading the dance?  
fundamentals start very early on.  Teachers have to assume that you're getting whatever fundamentals from the prior year otherwise they'd be stuck teaching the same shit over and over year after year.  
With sub-cooled propellant, I think we can get the Falcon 9 upper stage mass ratio (excluding payload) to somewhere between 25 and 30. Another way of saying that is the upper stage would be close to 97% propellant by mass. 
As an Orlando native, we desperately need teachers like you!  
This is the same guy who is making sure his space suits look sexy.  I doubt his new car will be a dorkmobile.   
I actually measured this with my phone! Almost exactly 6 hours on average.  
Totally. It's a historical fact that space exploration can drive business by inspiring new technology, designs, and overall creativity from private sector makers of goods. Kids who witness this stuff now and have their interest piqued, by any aspect of it, might just have enough staying motivation to pursue those fields. 
The whole space thing is just a means to be able to build a Tesla with a mass effect core.  ^(Imagine what you could do in a traffic jam with those Mako jump thrusters...) 
Ya, revolutionizing online payment options and singlehandedly taking on the American automobile industry are more like hobbies anyways. 
At one point he was listed as "Chief Design Officer"...as to the depth that it entails, the guy runs 2 major corporations, and is a board member of another.  Not sure he has the time to obsess over EVERY design detail (although I wouldn't put it past him...) 
Here Lies /u/usa_dublin.  Elon Musk answered his question once. 
Don't worry, it's hard to build a rocket that can't go up.  /r/kerbalspaceprogram is friendly too. 
I can't believe someone even asked that. Elon is incapable of making anything look dorky. Its like an allergic reaction. Even the trash cans at SpaceX look cool (if maybe a teeny bit dorky now that I think of it). 
Hey, I hope you know that it is medically recommended that you get 7-8 hours of sleep **minimum**. If you don't, you won't become an^extremely^successful^billionaire 
These humans may have not figured out warp speed, but God damnit do they look good  
For $10,000,000? I'd build a robot that curses for you on the internet by your command for that money!  ^^^^We ^^^^will ^^^^gladly ^^^^accept ^^^^investors ^^^^for ^^^^this ^^^^idea 
*rubs greasy math hands together*  e: *rubs greasy hey-if-anyone-has-some-good-speculation-as-to-MCT-mass-ratios-they-should-tell-me-but-otherwise-I'll-just-guess math hands together* 
"Sir, this is just a pile of decouplers and boosters taped together"  "Yeah?  Well I made it to Eve AND BACK with that sucker!  Start taping!" 
See?! I knew I was on to something when I started doing that, but noooooooooo, everyone wants to call me "lazy" or "unmotivated". Can't you people see I'm just trying to run a multi-billion dollar business?! 
They were the only good hiking boots we had in his size, so he really didn't have much choice. 
I mean they are a big deal, but hardly related to rocket science.  So it would be pretty unlikely to put your name next to two famous rocket scientist  
It sure did! Max and I are currently freaking out like girls at a Backstreet Boys show in 1999. 
Yup, SpaceX's FB page just posted that they're doing the weekly challenge and that tomorrow's F9 launch will start upside down 
KSP CM here. So far, an official one is not in the cards, but if we had the opportunity to work with SpaceX on one, we'd do it in a heartbeat. 
"Graphics could use some work, but I know little about game design.  I'll just go launch some real rockets instead." 
Sorry /u/ElonMuskOfficial but when it comes to KSP I'd be a liar if I said I'd choose you over /u/illectro 
Dude, not even joking, but all it really takes is watching a couple videos and a LOT of trial and error. I sucked at this game a week ago, but I just docked at my first space station a few hours ago! 
I somehow doubt "Get out and push" works quite so well in real life. 
I had to go check if he was born Elon. Apparently he was. The plot thickens... 
Not actually true. As you get older, you need less and less sleep. At Elon's age, 6 hours is probably just about right, providing he has a good diet. 
He works so hard, he burns off energy from the inside. 
*wipes grime from calculator and flips racing toggle to launch Matlab* 
From what I've heard, the plan is to boost that much mass with *every single launch*. The MCT is the base unit of the SpaceX Mars colonization concept.  Then make the first stage reusable to keep costs down, and start doing rapidfire launches as quickly as possible for economies of scale and to get as much mass as possible to Mars within a reasonable timeframe.  If there's the potential for linking up multiple MCT modules in orbit for de-duplication, I'm sure they'll do it. Hohmann transfers scale very well with increased mass for payloads that aren't time sensitive. For time-sensitive cargoes like humans, burning a single thruster of X strength for N * X time to move N MCT modules is much more efficient than having N MCT modules each fire their thruster for X time. 
*"Fuck this bullshit game! I'm rich, I'll build a real motherfucking rocket and show those little green assholes! I'm going the fuck to MARS!"*  We later discover that Tesla exists because Mr. Musk got his ass kicked at *Gran Turismo* a few years back. 
your boss just read your first comment and was ready to promote you, and then read this and slammed his fist on the table. 
HSP 1.999991 Changelog: Increased base weight of humans to balance difficulty 
I got wayy too excited for the official SpaceX entry to the challenge before I got to the end of your sentence :-P 
/u/ElonMuskOfficial please make this happen. We have NASA Asteroids, lets now do a SpaceX Duna pack! 
I agree, grid fins would be awesome, but of all the people saying they need them it amuses me that the man who has done some the most outrageous landings is asking for them. 
And the secret to flying is throwing yourself at the ground, and missing... 
Dude, totally unrelated to the topic at hand, but my brother brought me home a bottle of Breckinridge. Really great stuff, and I'm normally not a bourbon guy.   
maybe his parents were von braun fans and tried to push him in this direction? 
Guys... you're embarrassing me in front of Mr. Musk. 
Let's just hope nobody kicks his ass in Left For Dead or Resident Evil. 
Are they doing a rolling update? Seems the North America server got the update first.  
It's the first one. I won't type it again so I don't accidentally anger the deity of my favorite game with my irrelevant comment. 
I'm so proud to be punching the same planets Elon Musk is landing on.  
This is a star studded thread. Elon Musk, KSP Dev, and you, the all-mighty *Puncher of Planets.* 
Not the dude, but...it depends. Sometimes a court will issue a temporary injunction preventing the change while the case is litigated. Sometimes nothing happens, but also just because Trump issues an order doesn't mean that suddenly all the rules change. You can open up the arctic for drilling (for example) but until a company submits a plan and obtains a permit for exploration (which takes awhile) nothing happens. And the court may order the permit review to be put on hold. If they win, the court wold order the executive branch office responsible for issuing those permits...to not issue any permits. No permit, no exploration or drilling. Things like that happen.   
Might I add that if it could be in layman terms, that would be great. 
They all leak eventually, this one isn't worse. More to the point of the protests and resistance, it was planned to go through sovereign Indigenous territory, and when they declined they were met with force. US law does not give them the right to do this, it is illegal. 
I think in a previous post on the topic it was pointed out that moving the same oil by rail is probably far more dangerous for the environment.  Wish I could find the reference. 
Thank you for asking the questions I wanted to, but in a much smarter way.    Of course, there's no way he will touch this question with a ten foot pole.  
There's a general, low-level understanding that nobody will actually be allowed to drill the arctic in a big way. It's yet to be written in agreement, but shitty moves like the US taking a slice means everyone else will want to go for it.  The best result (and maybe only, if we want a liveable Earth), is to steadfastly push for no more drilling of any kind for oil in the Arctic. Not try win the rat race to oblivion. 
I'm a layman and not even American so my knowledge of this is weak at best, but my guess is that there will likely be more to gained from the potential attention to the issues lawsuits like this might bring rather than the results of the judgment. 
Kinda strange to hold a Job and hate what the missions of the job are. But here we are. 
Safer doesn't necessarily mean good. The real question is whether we should rely on oil as a main source of energy. It is bad for the environment when it burns because it releases release green houses gases. It's bad in production because product destroys land/ pollutes land. It's inevitably bad because the pipelines and all forms of transportation for it eventually leak/ malfunction. If we have the ability to develop better sources of energy, why shouldn't we do that instead? It just seems more ethical, you know? Less pollution means better environmental health and thus better human healthy, considering the fact that we live in the environment.  
Congratulations on graduating! Thank you for pursuing such a great cause. Best of luck  
Good point but Trump will most likely not show up in these cases in court. The DoJ will represent him in court. EarthJustice has won cases against the DoJ before--it'll happen again. No, they won't win all of these lawsuits, but they will win some of them. 
The organization has filed numerous suits against the Obama administration, so since then at least it seems 
They are never answering this question, this guy wants media attention and donations. 
Do you want to get a REEE? Cause that's how you get a REEE. 
Quite a few yes. Many of which are just insulting the OP. Pro-Trump people seem to be upset because they can't defend the fact that he is actively harming the environment with his actions and orders. 
You can sign up as a campaign manager for summer internships, you make awesome friends, get paid, and it's for a good cause  I actually got into politics for a bit because of that, and realized both parties are absolute shit holes 
54.1k yet the top upvoted question only has 1400 votes. Then it quickly drops from there. That's pretty shady. 
In another comment he said they did sue Obama for a ton of stuff.  
Wasting taxpayer money on frivolous lawsuits AND killing economy by increasing dependence on foreign oil (and everyone blamed Bush for made up ulterior motives for the war in the middle east), AND killing American jobs. 
More damage from protests than pipeline? How do you know if it's not done? I'm happy for the polar bears. When the earth heats up more water evaporates in the atmosphere, increasing snowfall in areas. Antarctica saw a high three years ago? It's gone.  Both Arctic and Antarctica ice are on a downward trend. Speculation and half truths  
What could they do, send the Pinkerton's after  them? 
Because the environment isn't broad enough for you? It kind of affects everyone, everywhere. 
That's something interesting that I would like to know as well. But, I suspect the answer is no unless you believe that the free market will find it in its best interest to protect the environment...and I don't particularly think that it will, not yet anyway. 
From what I've gathered in OP's responses, it's legal for the President to designate these areas but not legal to reverse this designation because that power resides with Congress.  
Also not the dude, but one more general point to consider is the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the government are specifically set up to check each other. The legislative branch can override the president with enough support in congress, and the judicial branch can override him by interpreting the laws written by the legislative branch. How they override him is up to them, but they certainly have the power to do it (given his actions are not lawful or he does not have the power to do). 
My degree is in wind energy and I, and almost everyone who went through the program, would agree that nuclear power is the way to go in order to get high production and low pollution. But there are many people who are uneducated in the matters of "clean" energy who are 100% for wind and solar and also 100% against nuclear. But everyone I know in the wind industry are for nuclear power. 
Types like what, exactly?  I, for one, don't think anything ill of nuclear energy, mainly because I have a basic understanding of how and why it works (keyword: basic. source: brother is a nuclear engineer).  I also completely agree with basically everything that OP is fighting for that I have read in this thread.    So, I'm kinda confused why you'd think that "types like these" would be against clean energy that has some manageable side affects when combating completely unclean sources like coal and oil. 
Don't forget the oil transport by water. Which is even worse then a pipe 
It won't be tops for long.  Had the tribe gotten $20,000,000, the DAPL issue would be a moot point. 
You should. Without them, we'd still have unsafe lead in our paint and air. 
Perhaps the gain is multi-directional?  The lawsuits serve to slow or tie the hands of wasters; the news of the lawsuits--especially in a nation whose federal government actively seeks to control information--is itself valuable, as we cannot fight what we do not see.  Also the news damages the brand of the polluter, which will hurt him financially and may prompt him to reconsider.  Good all round? 
I think more likely he just doesn't want anything he has to say regarding this written down while the case is ongoing. I'm sure the defense in this case asked similar questions, and they could pretty easily find this.  
But they will continue to get upvoted because most people don't read past the top-level comments. 
I'm neutral on Trump. But OP mentioned a lot of Trump voters' are in favor of protection of the environment it seems the minority of the Trump voters are loud and vocal here and/or lobbying firms have paid astroturfers down voting and trolling much like the left has on r/politics and r/politcaldiscussion. 
I find it amusing that you'd say this when /r/the_donald literally has to disallow downvotes so you all can have your snowflake safe space and pretend everyone else is "circlejerking", when you define the very word. 
I read the whole comment expecting at some point it'd all come together and there'd be an answer.   I can see why now after pimpedkoala's response. Thank you! 
You should be bothered. That fucking clown will have an effect on net neutrality which will have an effect on things like netflix and pc gaming around the globe. Maybe not directly but indirectly for sure. I live Japan and I am worried about this shit (for example if Netflix has to pay for "fastlanes", and they are using literally like 50% of the world's bandwidth, they are going to have pay up the ass. Netflix will get more expensive everywhere and/or have less stuff.)   And Trump is threatening environmental issues on a scale so large that it will indeed effect the entire world.   
Some of the other executive orders has some weirdness around them to the effect that once something was protected it had to go through a review to "unprotect" it. So maybe the lack of that subsequent review is the issue? 
A lot of Trumpolines seem to think that he's king of all he surveys and proceed to throw their toys out the pram when someone does their job and challenges him.    We have a similar problem here in the UK, where the PM just said that voting against her in parliament was treason and the press just ran with it, that was all kinds of terrifying.  
Also where are these fusion reactions occurring? If you know how to safely and efficiently contain a fusion reaction please tell us. 
No idea about OP, but there are organizations like Greenpeace, who are - somewhat paradoxically - against the energy source that would perfectly fit to their goal of preserving the environment. 
Yes. And safer than truck. Safe is still a relative term of course, but it is the safest method we have so far due to automated monitoring and shutoffs which can't be effectively done on trucks or trains.    A spill will happen at some point in history no matter the method, but a pipelines automated system would leak very little compared to an entire tanker leaking on a train or truck. There are millions of litres of fluid leaked from trucks all the time (dripping as they drive) across the world, we just don't hear about it.   Pipelines have super sensitive sensors and they are very accurate because you damn betcha they want to see 100,000 litres from one end to the other, not 90,480 or less than what entered.  
Because people who don't care about environmental causes have heard about the DAPL but not Trans-Pecos.   This is about gaining media attention, not using donor dollars effectively and intelligently.  
Yup, which is one of the reasons the entire DAPL thing was stupid. 
The nature of an environmental dispute can affect the number of people who have standing to sue.  For example, a mining proposal that would harm a place that only a few dedicated hikers visit might have a relatively small number of people with standing to sue over it.  On the other hand, a wide-ranging proposal to weaken protections for clean air might have a large community of air-breathers with standing to sue.  
He's an environmental lawyer he can't handle that pressure 
That's exactly right.  The elders in Fort Yates simply wanted more money.  The oil flows over the river in trains already so the water issue is moot. 
Some metals distinctly become brittle at a transition temperature. The metals that do have a Body Centered Cubic crystalline structure. Iron and some grades of steel have this structure and may behave poorly, but you'd have to look into those transitions temperatures compared to the expected minimum temperature of the area.  Other metals, like aluminum and austenetic stainless steels do not generally experience a ductile-to-brittle transition. Aluminum and stainless passivate and generally corrosion resistant. However, anything that needs to operate in sea water must be corrosion resistant in the first place. The addition of slightly higher amounts of carbonic acid would have little affect on the corrosion resistant requirements of the equipment.  Also, the extreme decrease in temperatures slows the REDOX reaction quite significantly. Lowering corrosion rates the same amount.   TL;DR corrosion is a moot point by engineering design. 
Well he can really only help stop Trump from breaking laws.  Installing CEOs in government positions is not illegal as long as the usual process is followed. 
He gives a great answer to this in another part of the AMA but bottom line, they're suing under the concept that natural resources are protected for the common good. Trump is shirking his duty as President to preserve natural resources (in some cases, clean water and air) for the American people and future Americans. That's explicitly part of his job and they're arguing that by rolling back regulations, allowing drilling, reducing budgets, removing information, etc. he's messing up his job to the point where he can be sued. 
You realize the only times they will be awarded attorney fees are when they win the case, in which case the blame for using taxpayer money is on the other party that performed an illegal act? 
From what I can tell, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act enables Presidents to protect more areas by Executive Order but removing that protection requires an act of Congress.  Makes sense when you think about it. The law makes it easier to protect lands than to remove that protection. 
I mean yes, it's because he agrees with them.  If people didn't disagree with some things or agree is other things then nothing would ever happen.  What is your point? 
It's complicated too. It's a political hot potato. 
Funny that /u/FS4JQ is not the one giving thanks for this non-partisan approach.   Well, they've just been a redditor for 14 days, so maybe they're just not used to things yet.  Yeah, I'm sure that's it. 
I don't really think there are that many actual shills around on either side of the spectrum lately. There were likely a lot back during the election and primaries, but not at this point.   It's just strong supporters by now.   And, yes, a lot of Trump supporters support the environment, they support climate change, they support social topics. In short, everything that Trump and his cabinet aren't.   It's quite perplexing. 
its almost like the "good" guys just want to kick out the "bad" guys so they can become the new "hey guys were youre friends guys were not going to do anything bad at all we promise" guys 
Nuclear reactors all over the world contain an ongoing fission reaction on a daily basis. 
Don't forget Greenpeace's constant attacks on biotechnology, when the field is one of the main methods by which we will help the world deal with the agricultural effects climate change will be having.  
Devils advocate: dripping trucks don't cause as much localised devastation than a burst pipe over a river would, right? 
Trains are surprisingly light on fossil fuel usage.  Something in the range of 3 gallons per mile which is only about half of what an 18 wheeler consumes.  compare the weight they're pulling (7000 ft of cars) to a 53-foot aluminum box, it's a pretty efficient way of moving freight.  Also, rail freight is down considerably YOY.  Anyway - just pointing some things out. 
How do you construct a wind turbine? Or produce batteries? Or charge your electric car? People seem to forget that physics still exists when it comes to 'clean' energy. 
Isn't that the definition of using donor dollars effectively and intelligently though, since media exposure is usually what it takes to get things done? 
The opinions people glean from a different perspective is the most beautiful thing on the planet. The fact he did not answer is very telling.  
Their lawsuits aren't based on the idea that it's illegal for Trump to overturn Obama's EO's, it's that the policies he's implementing show an illegal disregard for the President's sworn duty to protect America, including its natural resources, for future generations. 
Did you see his/her other comments? Just an insecure troll with a Napoleon complex. 
Personal opinion, at least for guys like me. There are more pros than cons.   I'll fight Trump on certain issues with environment and such because I'm not spending all my time trying to fight for my gun rights or whatever.   Come for my guns and artic drilling well take a back seat.   Just an example 
I don't understand how his advisers cannot sit down and tell him how and why he will get sued, or he just doesn't care? 
I think he's saying that Obama's protection of those certain areas was not done via executive order. It was done via powers granted by OCSLA, a law passed by congress. While the OSCLA gives the president power to protect, it doesn't give him power to "unprotect". So, because what Obama did wasn't an executive order, Trump can't legally repeal it by executive order alone.   
Because legally, the president can order the halt, but can't do the opposite via executive order. There are different channels he would need to go through, and he has ignored those. 
The fact that someone filed a lawsuit against Red Bull because it didn't literally give them wings, and then win said lawsuit, that should answer your question.  
Can't wait to fight the renewable lobby in the name of thorium or fusion! 
Exactly safely AND efficiently we can contain a fusion reaction, it just uses more energy to contain it and keep it going than the reaction makes. 
When it rains where do you think that oil goes? Right back into the water systems. 
A lot of the time in scenarios like that (automated system failure) it comes back to human involvement. Whether bypassing alarms (happens more than you'd think), installation failure or poor maintenance causing equipment failure.  
Please don't apply logic when they just want to shit on people for acting on things they believe in. /s 
By this logic, Obama should have been sued in 2015 for not implementing the executive orders quicker.  It really just comes down to "he's doing something we don't like but we'll frame it as a legal issue". 
Has anyone seriously been coming for your guns though? Do you just have a bunch of assault rifles or something? 
Because this isn't clear as night and day. The OCSLA doesn't vest the power of reversing a withdrawal onto Congress or the President. It is actually unclear on that. This organization's argument would be that the power should be vested with congress. I wish he had been more clear than he was, it was actually kind of misleading and made it seem like they had the case in the bag. Which they don't 
Executive Orders are (supposed to be) used in 2 cases: Clarify existing law (like OCSLA) and act in ABSENCE of Law. They cannot be used to CREATE Law.  This is the rub. Congress "delegated" SOME Power to the President, but not ALL Power regarding OCSLA. Pres. Obama was acting within the Law (Clarifying, using delegated Power). Pres. Trump is NOT Clarifying existing Law, nor acting in Absence of Law. His act is "technically" Creating new law, because Congress did not grant this specific ability (to remove something from protection).  This is a "nuanced" interpretation, which will likely fail.  The Executive has always had the ability to revoke previous Executive Orders, because they are NOT Law. He has these Powers because Legislation is SLOW and IMPRECISE, therefore he can react quickly, whereas normally he would have to wait for Congress to re-write Law. 
Something doesn't have to be illegal to be brought up in a civil proceeding.  You just have to have some kind of basis for claim.  I'm not a lawyer, but I imagine environmental suits would be easy to demonstrate a basis for, as you could show some kind of damages.  Any lawyers care to chime in on more specifics? 
basically already had that fight what 30 years ago now the plebians whine about nuclear at every turn. why people who dont know what theyre talking about have any influence or say ill never know 
The volume of those leaks would be very different though. Even if everything from one truck would go into the water system, this is nowhere near the catastrophe a burst pipe would have. 
And this is why people don't want it next to their water supply 
Plus people here act like a lawyer can just capriciously "quit" a case. If you quit and it works harm to your clients you can be guilty of malpractice and face sanctions/discipline. 
Hey StudMystery: What basic human rights does the Dakota Access Pipeline infringe upon? Please be factual. 
It is like my dad always told me, "if it doesn't make sense, it makes someone money." 
Yeah for sure.  Where I live there is a big fight over fracking for all of the same reasons. 
The stability of the system is still unclear, because it is a complex dynamical system, the planets' masses are not yet precisely determined, we don't know yet the orbital period of the 7th planet, and there could be more planets. More on this soon! 
TRAPPIST-1 shows one flare (eruption) every week and a strong one every 6 months. Its X ray activity is not yet very well known and could be also a thread for any life there. But if the planets have an atmosphere and magnetic field this could limit the level of high energy flux. This is still work under investigation to estimate those levels. 
to bounce off this: will SETI start listening to this system, now?  
We do not yet have a protocol. Most likely we will make a tentative discovery, that will take longer to confirm. SS 
It's going to be awhile before we find an oxygen rich atmosphere. JWST launch in fall 2018, so we will have to wait to try until sometime after that. It turns out some oxygen-rich atmospheres might exist that are not created by life, so to associate oxygen will require care. I hope we will be able to find, identify, and announce in a few years! --SS 
We will look at the atmosphere for gases that do not belong--gases that might be attributed to life. We will not know if the gases are produced by microbial life or by intelligent alien species. --SS 
Answer to first question:  Determining the surface gravity requires knowledge of both the radius and mass.  The uncertainties on the mass measurements are large, but our best guess is that the surface gravity of most of these planets is similar to that on Earth.  One exception is planet f.  It has the same radius as Earth but 68% the mass.  That means the surface gravity will be 68% that of Earth. - Natalie Batalha   
All of them.  They are very, very close together  All are much closer to one another and to their host star than the Mars-Earth distance, for example. Michael Werner 
Tidal-locking: we think as long as there is an atmosphere (even a thin atmosphere like that on Mars) heat will circulate around the planet. So habitability location should extend beyond the limbs. 
Surface temperatures depend on the proximity to the central star but also on the composition and thickness of the planet's atmosphere.  Since we do not yet know anything about the planetary atmosphere's, all we can say is how much energy a planet is receiving from the star compared to how much energy Earth receives from the Sun.  However, because this planetary system is so nearby, scientists should be able to characterize the atmospheres with future instruments and observatories.  That's one reason why we're so excited about this discovery.  - Natalie Batalha 
Not only that, but possibly even  magnetic, geological/volcanic, and other unforeseen effects too. 
That would be a lovely idea.. With the TRAPPIST team, we were more considering using names of the few trappist beers ;) !  J.d.W. 
NASA's upcoming James Webb Telescope, launching in 2018, will take over with a much higher sensitivity. It will be able to detect the chemical fingerprints of water, methane, oxygen, ozone, and other components of a planet's atmosphere. Farisa Morales 
The habitable zone is estimated based on the luminosity of the star and recognizing how far away can you be from it such that water can exist in it's liquid form on the surface of a terrestrial planet like the earth.  Too close and the water evaporates; too far and the water freezes solid.  Thus, the habitable zone is independent of whether the planets are tidally locked or not.  Farisa Morales 
You're correct! Using the transit technique, we can only find the planets passing in front of their star from our perspective. And as not all planets are on aligned plans, not all planets can be detected with this technique. Fortunately, other techniques exist to help us detect non-transiting planets (e.g., radial-velocity, direct-imaging, and astrometry techniques, among others). J.d.W. 
There are many possibilities.  You can log into the NASA Planet Quest site and see tools and data bases about the planets as they are discovered.  Try logging into "Eyes on Exoplanets".  JPL, Goddard, and other NASA centers have summer internships and lots going on in the world of exoplanets; this would be a good way for you to get some firsthand experience.  Most NASA scientists like myself have PhDs but have chosen to work for NASA rather than in universities.  You could start in a PhD program...possibly doing your research in direct conjunction with NASA, or working for a professor like Sara Seager who does lots of NASA-funded work on exoplanets.  Following that, try for a postdoctoral position at a NASA center; many good postdocs go on to become regular NASA employees.  I appreciate your interest! Michael Werner 
The 3 planets e, f and g are the so called habitable zone and are the best candidates to harbor liquid water and... maybe... life !  
 Observations such as those described today require precision much higher than 1%.  At this level, we discovered in the initial data on exoplanets various "systematic effects" having to do with both the telescope and the instrument which made it difficult to achieve this level of performance.  So the re-engineering really meant using the telescope and analyzing the data in new and different ways; this continues as we strive to achieve higher and higher precision. - M. Werner see spitzer.caltech.edu for more information. 
JWST will be able to look at the atmospheres of these planets all the way out to the infrared looking for the carbon and oxygen-based species. This will give us better information about how thick the atmosphere is and what it is made up of, I.e. If it is condensed 100% water or carbon dioxide or something different. -NL 
"a" is for the star main star. We start naming companions with "b" if it is a planet, with "B" if it is another star. J.d.W. 
Very true! We have a very Earth-centric perspective on Life and habitability. But this is the beauty of exoplanetary science. We are exploring other worlds, finding unexpected planet types (e.g., hot-Jupiter, super-Earths), planets around completely different types of stars. All this is helping us broadening our perspective on planetary systems, which was based on a century-long study of our own system. Now, let's hope exoplanetary science will provide us with a similar perspective shift on habitability and Life--in the Universe! J.d.W. 
Yes, red dwarfs (also called M dwarfs to astronomers) have a number of complications as host stars. M dwarfs flare frequently and can emit a lot of high energy radiation that can batter their planets' atmospheres. On top of that, when M dwarfs are young, they are much, much brighter during a period called the pre-main sequence. What this means is that planets currently in the habitable zone of M dwarfs were actually interior to the habitable zone during the long pre-main sequence phase and could now be desiccated and potentially Venus-like despite being in the habitable zone today. One way of getting around this challenge is if the planets migrated into the habitable zone from farther out after the super luminous pre-main sequence phase ended -- which is possible! And yes, there is a good chance these planets are tidally locked, although this does not necessarily rule out habitability. -G.A. 
The discovery was made with the so called "transit technique" : you stare many stars and wait a little dip of the light due to a planet passing in front of it ! The discovery was made using various telescopes using that technique, first the Liege University small TRAPPIST robotic telescope but many other like the VLT, UKIRT in Hawaii and more recently the NASA IR Spitzer  space telescope that was looking at TRAPPIST-1 for 20 days continuously to unravel a total of 7 earth sized planets ! There are other techniques but this one is beautiful because it gives lot of informations like the size of the planet and even the mass in this case thanks to the variation of the transit timings due to the interaction between the planets themselves 
Yes quite a few of us are. From the NASA HQ library, write a few people went for a big "YES!" to your question ;) J.d.W. 
The first observations of the newly discovered planets are underway, as soon as the results successfully pass through the scientific peer review process we will be able to share what we are learning. Stay tuned this system has lots more exciting things to teach us. - HW 
The tidal interactions between the planets should be far from being strong enough to significantly raise their temperatures.  
We are currently making observations of some of these new planets, what is important is that these results go through the proper scientific process, I.e. Detailed and backed up analysis, and then peer review for publication. As soon as that happens the results will be available for the public. Stay tuned there is a lot we will be learning from TRAPPIST-1 for years to come - HW 
Kepler can observe for about 80 days consecutively and will therefore provide a very important time series and information on the gravitational interactions between the plaets which cause timing variations.  It is possible that there may be additional planets not seen by Spitzer in 20 days which Kepler could uncover.  Kepler and Spitzer have comparable capabilities for the detection of planets around the TRAPPIST-1 system.  The Trappist planets are certainly among the first "cold Earths' to be candidates for further observations, and 1h in particularly will be the coldest.  Michael werner 
Venus and Mars are on the edges ! none of them are habitable and what a difference with planet Earth. Mars is too small and has not magnitic field so it lost its atmosphere and now it is too cold to keep liquid water on the surface. And Venus has such a thick atmosphere that there is a strong greenhouse effect and it is far too warm to keep running water. So the key is also the atmospheres of the planets... next step is to find them around T1 planets !  
Our exoplanet search targets the 50 nearest Southern ultracool dwarf stars. TRAPPIST-1 was among them.  M. Gillon 
TRAPPIST-1 is a an ultracool dwarf star, the longest-lived stars of the Universe. It's lifetime should be much larger than 100 billions years.  M. Gillon 
Oh, Reddit. Considering the syntax of this classic question, I'd personally go with one Earth over a hundred. ;-) -- Stephanie 
The fact that the planets are really tightly packed is at the basis of lots of exciting thoughts. First, this allow for material transfer way either than in our planetary system. This means that rocks, and anything on/around them, could be sent/transfer easily from one planet to the next. So if a few of these planets were habitable, we can theorize about the idea of a microbial biomass colonizing different planets, then evolving independently.. Another brilliant thing to theorize about is "how would civilizations evolving with large bodies with way more structures than our Moon crossing their sky would be affected by these bodies, by Space?"..  Possibilities are endless!  J.d.W. 
We'd want to search for signs of water vapor in their atmospheres since water is a necessary part of planetary habitability. We'd also want to search for gases that can be produced by life (e.g. oxygen, methane), although with the caveat that that we'll have to consider these gases in the context of the larger planetary environment to determine whether they're actually from life or are instead life "false positives" -- gases that LOOK like they're from life but actually from abiotic processes. The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) can take the first steps towards characterizing these planets. It will be a challenge, but we like challenges! -G.A. 
The Spitzer telescope points at the Trappist star.  The light from the star is imaged on to what is called an infrared array, a specialized and expensive version of your cell phone camera which works in the infrared.  The electronic signals from the camera, which contain the information about the brightness of the star, are stored on Spitzer and sent back to Earth, where they are analyzed electronically to determine the brightness.  This was done every two seconds for twenty days; the accumulated data was sent back every three days or so.  Michael Werner 
In the Q&A section after the main part of the announcement, somebody asked the same question. The answer was that yes, SETI has been listening to the system, and no, they have not heard anything from it. 
We don't know whether they are going clockwise or counterclockwise around the star.  However, we are quite sure they must all be going around in the same direction, as do the planets in our solar system; otherwise it would be quite unstable.  Michael Werner  
I noticed that one of the "goldilocks" planets, trappist-1f, has a radius just slightly larger than Earth, but only about 2/3 of our mass.    This seems like a significant difference to me, so I'm wondering what the implications are. Does this suggest it doesn't have an iron core? And would that suggest no magnetic field?    Also, would tidally locked planets be less likely to have a magnetic field? 
they said in the announcement that SETI has been listening already 
If you do find signs of life will it be a top priority to inform the public?  
How might an oxygen-rich atmosphere form in the absence of photosynthetic life? 
2030's seems like a long time away. What's the barrier to getting these telescopes sooner? Budgetary, engineering challenges? 
Thanks! I wonder now if the more interesting question would have been: what would an astronomer on a TAPPIST exoplanet know about the Sol system, assuming they had our intelligence and equipment?  Perhaps Venus and Mars would fall into Sol's habitable zone, and further investigation would be required to determine whether or not they are able to harbor life as we know it?   I think Dr. Werner's reply is fascinating because it highlights not only how lucky we are to have discovered these exoplanets, but also how much more there is to know.  
32% lower than on Earth.  Source: I live on planet f. 
Do we have any idea how the human body would cope with 1.1g?  Would it simply require 10% extra work (probably creating more fit people) or are there more complicated effects? 
Is it correct to say, that if they are 40 light years away, they are now receiving our radio broadcasts from 1977 ? 
Interesting. There would probably be some pretty massive winds going from a hot sun face to the cold dark face. I imagine it would be better to be in the penumbra anyways to have some solid ground between you and any big CMEs. 
Are tidally locked planets likely to have an encompassing magnetic field? 
Thank you for replying! Can you tell us a bit more about the amounts of energy the planets are receiving and what might be the impact? 
Now imagine those same tides, but a thousand times larger AND the sea is literally lava. 
This comment right here is definitive verification that this account comes from real astrophysicists ;) 
Science news has managed to survive announcing discoveries on Uranus. 
Is it likely that any of the TRAPPIST planets have a magnetic field? Can tidally locked planets have a magnetic field? 
So what you're saying is that there's a real chance that we will be able to confirm or deny with a high probability the existence of life in the TRAPPIST-1 system next year. This is incredible. 
It would be great to have a measurement/comparison of just how "goldilocks" a planet might be. So, for example, Earth might be 90% goldilocks, Mars might be 20% because it's closer to the edge of the zone, etc. 
Just 40 light years lol. We better get busy with near light speed capabilities.  
This is one of my biggest regrets. I wish I had gone to school for physics or astronomy but there were no jobs in the northeast. Now being married with kids - and a degree in Biology. I'm stuck. I think about it everyday as I go about my dreary job as a pharmaceutical chemist.  
I will second this and so will my tattoos, my phone case, and my laptop case. - HW 
but is there anything that we'll be able to see in the near future, that indicates how the planets would actually look from a human eye? 
I completely meant this as a silly remark, and someone from NASA wrote me back. Ha! So cool. 
Thanks for the reply, you guys made my day, cheers to the great work, from Texas! 
A shot of water would be fitting to celebrate it, right? 
AFAIK we don't know of any other way which is why it's generally seen as such a strong indication of life. That being said, there could be something else that causes it that we simply haven't observed or discovered yet so it's best not to jump the gun.  
2030 starts in 13 years...thats not long at all ( damn, i feel old suddenly). 
Exercise physiology masters student here - great question! For short term, I believe it would just make people more fit. Imagine sedentary individuals going to the gym. They have strength gains far above 10% which the body handles just fine. The only issue I could really see is the heart having difficulties producing the pressure required to pump blood against the planet's gravitational pull across a whole lifetime.  
Man don't blow his wallets on pipe dreams, let's see what we can do to Mars while we wait for warp drives. 
Less than 12 parsecs, guy. Show The Falcon the respect she deserves.   
We went from land based creatures to space explorers in less than 100; it seems exponential. I have hope. 
But won't the spacecraft have reached even greater speeds in the distance between, reducing that time?  
Oh god they're getting our disco. If there's advanced life there no wonder they don't want to make contact. 
But then you don't get any energy from photosynthesis.  Sticking in the light has major advantages. 
My guess is that it's irrelevant. It's the planet's mass and size that determine if they have an active hot core generating a magnetic field, but I could be wrong.  
I'm going to have to pass. Unless... unless there are lava lobsters!!! 
A full moon means the moon is on the opposite side of the Earth from the Sun.  So all three objects are aligned, and their gravity is pulling along the same plane. 
 We know that Jupiter's moon Ganymede has a magnetic field, and it is tidally locked. 
I think it's to do with the wavelengths of the light coming from them 
in 20 years the big question won't be if life exists out there, but if intelligent life exists out there  
My great-grandchildren might be able to go there (maybe).  That's pretty fucking rad.  
Yeah... Thats the spirit. Not. Don't come party with me. 
What ? 13 years into 2030 ? Did i sleep like last 10 years ? Time is so fast :(( 
So what's the barrier to getting these telescopes sooner? Budgetary, engineering challenges? 
So just like Dragonball Z but instead of reaching super saiyan 2, your heart just gives out? 
Furthermore, getting to Mars is seen as a proof of concept/test for going further into space. 
*Even if we do find ways to speed up ships to near-lightspeed (ion engines...?) how exactly are you going to avoid obstacles when you're travelling towards them faster than information about them can reach you?*  That... is a hell of a thought. I had never considered this when imagining ftl travel. 
Well, the response we're not receiving from them now is their reaction to what they saw 40 years ago. And that is the radio waves that left earth 80 years ago. In 1937... Definitely worse than disco.  
It's these trade offs that make me so jazzed to picture what kinds of crazy life forms might evolve on these planets. 
They estimate that their fuel won't run out for 100 bn years. They don't have to observe a 100 bn year old star to make these predictions. This is the power of science.  
Yes, specifically the wavelengths absorbed by the atmosphere of the planet give a fingerprint for the chemical composition of the atmosphere. At least that's my understanding. 
I don't think so.  It would take you 40 years to get there *if* you could travel at the speed of light. 
For the government to keep incontrovertible proof of alien life from the public it would have to be significantly more competent than it has demonstrated itself to be (I'm talking long term). In addition, it would require that no one - NO ONE - who knew and had access wouldn't blow the whistle. Those in government are still in the end just humans and human nature suggests someone would feel compelled to let the word out.     
For me personally, inside my brain, sure. :) I guess that's very "internal." -- Stephanie 
Might be the spirit. But def ain't the *spirits*.  I'll see myself out. 
That feeling you get when you realize 2030 is closer  to now than 2000.... :( 
I'm neither an astronomer nor a politician, so I honestly don't know...  But honestly one of the biggest hurdles has to just be *need*. NASA doesn't need to spend another 9 billion on a telescope to succeed the JWST for another 20+ years, when the comparatively ancient Hubble is still turning in *incredible* findings.  Of course, if you pump a bajillion dollars into NASA they could be doing more of this, but remember, they do a lot of other stuff too.    
Now I dont feel so bad about the test I just bombed! 
Haven't watched Dragonball Z so I don't understand the reference, but yes the heart would probably be more likely to fail earlier than it would under Earth's gravity.  
Well last time we tried mars, Mark Watney almost died.  
We can probably track and predict the paths of large celestial objects sufficiently enough to avoid them but I can't imagine wanting to take a trip on a craft that can be shredded by a little bit of space dust.  So we can add some sort of future-tech shield system to the list of things we need before hitting up our cosmic neighbors for a cup of sugar. 
Just watch it 779,200,000 times...like all of my younger siblings. 
"Grollax, we have received messages from a class C intelligent species on a planet they refer to as 'Earth', but they're electing dangerous idiots as their leaders that are doing unthinkable things to the people! Their species is on the brink of tearing itself apart!"  "Fear not, my dear Frthnpllm. All intelligent life goes through a great existential crisis at some point in its history. Its infighting becomes worse and worse until the individuals of the society realize they actually have the power to destroy their entire civilization forever. This sobering realization draws them together as one, and they begin to focus on what really matters. It is the way of each and every intelligent species in the galaxy. The Earthlings surely won't be doing the same stupid shit in, oh, 80 years."     
Right I mean look.at what the hostile bottom of our oceans have made. 
If the latter is found rest assured I will rub it on my genitalia 
If such intelligent life is capable of receiving radio then they probably would transmit it too, which would have been been picked up by now. I don't think anyone is expecting to find any type of intelligent life on these planets. 
I used to think the government could hide the existence of aliens like in the X-Files. Then I saw what happened during hurricane katrina and realized the government can't do shit. 
I just want to say that you are everything I'd hoped you would be, and please continue to exist. 
Make America Oxygenated Again  Cyanobacteria / Pence 2020 
Just remember to go through your errors and how to do the problems properly, like NASA just did! 
I don't about your experiences, but this probably wouldn't work very well.    Girl:  "Oh a know-it all and a show-off.  Bye." 
Bro you gotta science the shit outta this.  "I'm a web designer." 
Would a hypothetical Alcubierre drive solve that? Since space is bending around the ship a possible rogue space rock would never actually touch it. 
...I'd really rather not tbh, some of the shit down there is the stuff of nightmares. 
I often think this also, i mean if i became president id be straight to the classified space section.  
We are literally talking to NASA right now, and you choose to talk about your genitals.  The future is strange. 
Well to be fair there would be a long delay in time for them to receive our message all the way from Earth and then we would need to wait a long time to hear a response back. And anyway, even if it isn't intelligent, any extraterrestrial life would be monumentally important  
I'm not American so I don't keep an eye on those things, but I'm interested in that.  Can you tell me what happened? 
Then : "Hey baby, wanna see my Lamborghini ? I also have a garage full of books." 
One of the potential problems with an alcubbierre drive is that it could collect the space debris it passes through and release it all at near light speed when the ship stops. Your ship will be fine but the planet you were trying to get to just went the way of Alderaan. 
Okay, I know this is a joke, but there is no way you could finish a game of Civ in only 160,000 years. 
Only to discover they are classified merely because someone did something so stupid that its just too embarrassing to share with the public. 
Yup, guess this guy isn't on the short list to the 40-light year journey to inhabit Trappist-1. 
Even if we found a worm on one of the planets, it'd be one of the greatest scientific discoveries of this millennia if not ever. 
Oooohhh! I thought the asteroid belt already existed and Mars just wore it too tight.  Thanks for setting me straight there! 
"Excuse me Mr. President, you misspelled that word."   "Wrong. That's now the correct way to spell it. Because that's how I spell it. And I spell things the best way. Everyone agrees."   Kelleyanne: "Alternative spellings."  
Mar 5 2003 "ISS crew member almost prematurely activated airlock, potentially killing 5 on board. Crew member was apparently 'jerking off' in the control room at the time of the incident" 
I really hope such a discovery is made in my lifetime. Given the conditions that we've seen life thrive in it's only a matter of time before we discover it. Hopefully that's what Europa as well as a couple other moons of Jupiter and Saturn have in store for us. 
I think we can put an end to CISA for good. We just need to kill it so bad that it becomes toxic and no one in Congress wants to go anywhere near it ever again. That's what happened to SOPA, so we know it's possible. The companies behind this would no doubt continue to try to sneak it through in some other form, but making Congress afraid to touch CISA or similar bills would be a huge step in the right direction. 
1) Because the best way to kill a company is to push politics at people who aren't there for politics, and 2) Twitter is not a person, it's a corporation, filled with shareholders with different opinions. It's one thing to have an official stance on something, it's another thing to start using resources to push a political point of view.  Everyone hates when corporations use their muscle to push political views -- except evidently when they push something someone agrees with. 
It seems like we need something like that, though it would be quite the sea change. Right now, they keep bringing back failed legislation and in the last 24 hours of this fight, we really can't risk not signing petitions, calling, tweeting and sharing online like here on reddit (which turns out matter a lot) to make sure we kill this bill first. But, that's why we do need to change the way politics is done and not just money in politics, but open up the political process in millions of ways, including by demanding public accountability every step of the way using online and other means, and building a new kind of political movement that is resilient to the Chamber and other big industry doing this kind of thing, and passing possibly something like you suggest. 
Why blame reddit? The rest of the media has given it even less coverage.  It's almost like they *all benefit from having every citizen constantly surveilled.* 
Baldwin (D-WI) Booker (D-NJ) Brown (D-OH) Coons (D-DE) Franken (D-MN) Leahy (D-VT) Markey (D-MA) Menendez (D-NJ) Merkley (D-OR) Paul (R-KY) Sanders (I-VT) Udall (D-NM) Warren (D-MA) Wyden (D-OR) 
Yes, it will affect Canadians and everyone else, in some ways worse. The law encourages the capture of data, regardless of whether its from the U.S. or elsewhere. Lots of it will flow to U.S. companies, or through the U.S..  Since you're not a U.S. person (we need a better term for that, if anyone has ideas) the U.S. government already cares less. There are a few weak protections for data from the U.S., and a few more will be written, but those won't apply. 
Because each time its going to get closer.  We are going to get tired of emailing eventually.  Read the comments, people are already tired of it.  Multiple comments complain about the amount of emails and how they ignore them or unsubscribed.  At some point, probably now, it will pass because Congress is both bought and not technologically savvy to really understand what this bill means/doesn't care.   
Note that bills like Marijuana legalization and gay marriage would suffer from this as well.  
Ask him if, in his opinion, proposed "cybersecurity" legislation like CISA would have had any chance of prevent the major security incidents that we've seen over the past few years - the Target, Sony, OPM breaches for example. I believe you'll find his answer enlightening (spoiler: it wouldn't have done anything!) 
This is a great question. We have to be vigilant. We need to look for these policies from the very beginning and start to speak out as soon as they are being discussed. Let's all work together to weigh in early and often. 
What happens next is the bill will go to a conference committee with the house and reconcile CISA with the house's bills which are PCNA and NCPAA. This is not a process that can be stopped but others can influence by getting people on the committee. All three bills are similar but go about it in different ways like which agency will get the data, how much a role DHS plays, etc and all three will be combined into one bill which then must pass the house and senate one more time so there's still time. Burr, one of CISA's sponsors says that this will take some time and go at a slow pace and it's unlikely the house and senate will reconcile the differences before the new year.  You can shame your senators by calling the up and telling them you are extremely disappointed in their vote.    
Imagine how much worse it'll get for you if the bill passes 
It is the last chance in the sense that the Senate will be voting on the bill tomorrow. The House has already approved its own versions and then it'll go through conference process on its way for signature by the President. This is the last chance in that if we don't stop it now it will become law. 
It may not seem like it, but we win a lot. We won on SOPA/PIPA, we won on Net Neutrality, not everyone like USA FREEDOM Act but it was the first time the government attempted to limit surveillance in a generation. This bill is the most hydra of them all, but even this bill we've beaten over and over again. The motivation is that we can actually be effective. 
CISA specifically exempts itself from FOIA, so it will be impossible to know what's being shared and what personal information is included. That will make it much more difficult to challenge through the courts.  
The Senate voted on a procedural vote to advance the bill (called a Cloture vote). It will then have more votes on amendments to the bill, and a final vote on the actual bill.  
Senator Burr and Senator Feinstein have been leading the effort in support of the bill. 
How about something like this?:   "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized." 
The EFF has lawyers and everything on their payroll and has taken up fights in courts together with other similar organization.  I wouldn't say your money is badly spent by using them on the EFF. 
I've used reddit for several years now and I don't really notice it. That doesn't mean that it doesn't exist, but that it's fairly non-obtrusive at least to me - a casual. For example, taking "offensive" content off the front page -- I don't really notice that it's gone in my day-to-day scrolling. The speed at which the front page refreshed has been more noticeable to me.   
Probably something along the lines of they publicly oppose it but are paying lobbying groups to go lobby against it for them. 
What repercussions?  This won't hurt Congress.  This is how the system works.  Please, work to change the system, but in the mean time, make a call to your senator.  It's simple and easy.  This stuff matters.   
Lately I've been seriously craving rice cakes. They're easy to eat like popcorn, but they're healthier and the seeds don't get stuck in my teeth. For an average user, you may not notice immediately.  But a few things. 1) Your information may be transferred to law enforcement which could search it without a warrant. (Meaning if they were suspicious of you, they could check what they have on you in the company store. Or if they wanted to compel you to testify or agree to a plea bargain.) 2) You're not going to be able to trust the companies you rely on. Even if they signed a contract in blood, CISA would give them immunity to violate it. So you'll probably be forced to change your habits. And 3) when you know you're being watched, people change their behavior and that's the antithesis of freedom.  
Why is there reluctance from Google to lend their weight to these causes?  Not as immediately business-destroying dire as SOPA/PIPA? 
More specifically, the idiotic puppets who keep sponsoring these bills need to lose their next reelection.  Drive enough of them out of office and the others will start seeing bills like this as professional suicide, like what happened with gun laws in the '90s. 
Great idea.  Is there a reason this doesn't happen in an organized way?  Couldn't some organization be the middleman to provide donated money to the opponents of political candidates according to how they vote?  And maybe send a message to that politician like: John Doe just donated X dollars to your opponent because of your support for _______.   
The problem is that people who are passionate about a thing often forget that others aren't as passionate. This is the case here, but also with, say, vegans, dog people, exotic hamster taxidermists, and competitive chainsaw jugglers.   They spend their whole day researching (thing), trying out new things, and thinking about it, and they learn all kinds of neat things. Of course, everyone wants to know about why albino hamsters are easier to taxidermy than dwarf hamsters! This is really cool! It has to do with the proteins! Wait, where are you going?????  With activism, it's harder, because yes, a lot of their cause is important, but it's a very fine line between awareness and "fuck off already!" 
When you make every issue a "pressing issue" you create a situation where nothing is a "pressing issue".    
Yep.  These people want to press a magic one-time button and all problems go away forever.  That ain't how it works, kids.  You have to stay alert and involved, *forever*.  Or the assholes will run you when you're not looking. 
I have a gmail account I use only for spam for situations like this. 
That's why the government always win. Most people only care until they have something better to do. 
I believe what he is trying to say is that since twitter is opposing the bill, why doesn't he see more negative press about it in the twitter news feed and moments.    
But part of politics is convincing people and one way to do that is with legislation or attempts at it. Think about issues you might agree with that had to come up time and again before they caught on (like, say, gay marriage and marijuana legalization). 
I agree, it seems that the level of precision that people desire is not something that could be written into law very easily. Some issues should be brought up again because they are worth fighting for and others just need to go away. But there's no way of easily distinguishing between the two. 
The reason laws only get deemed unconstitutional *after* they are passed is because the Judicial power, not the Legislative, deems them so. If the Judicial power were to intervene in lawmaking and deem a bill unconstitutional while it was still in Congress, then that would be an infringement on the checks and balances between the three powers (thus also unconstitutional). 
Is this insinuating that every other representative is actively for CISA or are there some that are just not actively against it. 
Icing on the cake: surveillance has a chilling effect on speech. Knowing your information could end up being shared with the government, without a warrant, may change what you're willing to say publicly. 
I think the idea is that the government can use this information to thwart terrorism and such. Again no proof that the over surveillance of all citizens is the an effective way to go about it.   
Oh, or about this one: "If China had the exact same capabilities as the United States, would you ask your children to change their personal behavior?" 
Man, you people are worse than the politicians at giving non-answers to direct questions. 
Necessary work, unless we want more leaks like Target. 
Would you prefer to be called President George W. Cook? 
Cybersecurity information sharing act exempts itself from freedom of information act? How is that even legal? They want info on us but we cant get info on them? 
You should be mentioning this on Twitter. Post the original message again and add them. 
When I worked on the hill they gave a lot of good informational Q and A sessions to staffers. EFF does it's fair share of educating in DC. Too bad staffers can't step between lawmakers and lobbyists.  
Because Google is most likely pro-CISA.  They were pro-CISPA as well, but found out the hard way last time that they need to stay quiet about that fact to avoid damaging the misplaced trust many have in them. 
yup, until we start calling the bills by an acronym describing what they're all trying to do, so we can say "IT'S ANOTHER #### BILL! GET IT!!!"  This removes the tool of cognitive distraction/differentiation of "but this bill is completely different, and it has a different name!"  It will make the toxicity mentioned by the OP easier to pull off, give all the toxic a name, and attach it to other toxic to make the whole field of bills in the image of the abyss toxic. 
There are pieces of SOPA in TPP -- compelling ISP's to block websites without due process. The whole intellectual property chapter, as well as patents, are all bad -- exporting broken copyright abroad.  
Difference is, we don't have so much money, even collectively. What we could raise between us is small fry for the big companies. Pocket change.  
Really would be great if we had another Wikipedia (SOPA) blackout day or the like.  I know these companies fear becoming political, but they are already in the game and they really have to stand up for privacy + people if they want to our business longterm.  I'd switch off gmail in a heartbeat if there was an equally powerful alternative that didn't data mine.  I'm already off google (duckduckgo) so that is my ad info they are losing out on already. 
The same thing has happened to me with every political group that is important to me. I have done something like email a senator about an evil bill like this, and instead of just telling me when something similar is happening, I'd get daily emails about random stuff. If I wanted that I'd subscribe to your general newsletter.   Wolf-PAC is the same way. They should have subscription options like get it all vs just get the really important stuff we need you to act on and none of the editorials, or something. otherwise I choose none of it because I don't have the time to read all their specific random articles to make sure there's not something important happening. 
Yeah, especially when they put your first fucking name in it.  "[SUBJECT NAME HERE], I can't take this anymore."  Thought I was getting broken up with or something the first couple times. 
They're a special interest group. The hard reality is that very few people would support all of their positions on every issue. 
Some people feel like it's the most seamless (not annoying) way for them to take action, it could be the most efficient way too -- see a notification, look at it, click to take action in one spot. It also means we don't have to depend on so many gatekeepers -- facebook, gmail, commercial email ISP's, etc. That said, we're wary of making something unnecessary and doing this in a lightweight way.  
And they made this post as a call to action about a specific issue and the top comment thread is about their horrible email practices. Can they not see how ineffective this makes them look?  
I even settle for weekly on some email lists. Anything more is overkill and instant unsubscribe though in 99% of cases.  
What time frame is more appropriate than *every time the lobbyists pull shit*? 
Oh good point. I wish they'd do more. Do you have suggestions for how we can compel them to put more skin in the game? 
Which is why it shouldn't be just an end all be all kind of restriction. There should be multiple ways of judging a bill and the criteria for legislation that cannot be reintroduced should be both strictly and defined and also flexible should the system be abused. It's not an easy thing to develop I'd imagine. 
Especially because "worth fighting for" and "need to go away" are probably applied to the same thing all the time, depending on where you fall in your political views.  
I think this is a good idea. Once per session seems appropriate. 
Agreed. It's scummy as fuck and is a big warning flag imo of something they want to sneak by the public unnoticed, which will never be a good sign. Why hide shit unless it's not in the public's interest? 
These are the ones who made a difficult vote against CISA last week. Others voted to move the bill forward which could be a vote of support or not. (It was a procedural vote.) 
Yeah as someone who has voted primarily liberal, I loved the shit out of Ron Paul.  
... I am worn down, though. I'm so fucking sick of this and every variation of it. It's been like four fucking years since PIPA and this shit just keeps coming.   I think that it's indicative of a much larger problem with our legislative system; even though the majority are completely against something, legislators don't care what the people want. There's no way that congress is 100% ignorant of how Americans feel about this concept.   They don't represent us. They don't care about the common folk and that's the real problem.   If they want us to live in an Orwellian police state, they're going to get it eventually. They don't care if they drive all humanity into the ground so long as they get paid.  
Or better yet, (I have no qualifications of any kind, so take this with a grain of salt), "If I was the director of the NSA, and you were some average Joe, knowing what you know now, would you be afraid?" 
I don't think anyone can give you an honest answer to that question.  84 senators did vote to begin consideration of the bill, but I don't count that as 84 senators support it, but that 84 senators want to have a discussion about cybersecurity (which is a good thing). I do know that when it was passed in committee it passed 14-1 and they called in non-controversial. Now we have millions of faxes, tweets, calls, and emails.... No one calls it non-controversial anymore. So the honest answer -- at least from me -- is the the chances are greater if we do nothing. 
I think Sir William George is a better fit, but A for trying (no standardized testing needed, Mr./MS. Footed). 
What do you mean how is it legal? They're both Acts of Congress. One act can specifically remove provisions of another or limit another or anything it wants really. If it couldn't, you wouldn't ever be able to get rid of a bad law that was already on the books. The concept of "legality" comes from laws, if you pass a law saying it's legal, it's legal.  
Most recently, they seem to have come out as anti-CISA.  But it's more a whimper than anything. 
how about a SHIT bill - Sifting Hoards of Intelligence Tyranically 
Yeah I've always thought that that is the major flaw in a democratic government. The lawmaker can fuck up for years and the only "penalty" the people can inflict upon him/her is not re-electing him/her, boohoo. There should be some kind of mechanism to keep congressmen in line while they are in office, now as to what that mechanism should be...pretty hard to come up an idea that isn't over-reaching. 
And while it's not really a huge dent for them because of their size and market cap, I did read somewhere that google values each of their users somewhere around $250 each. So if more and more of their user base starts abandoning them as a result of the data mining it will eventually have an impact.  
Realistically it doesn't make sense for google to say anything regardless of their stance on it, considering all the different industries they're trying to get a foot in the door in. 
The ACLU is the worst. I donated like 20 bucks a couple years ago, and I get unmarked letters from them at least twice a month. They've spent WAY more on trying to get me to donate more than my original donation. Makes me feel like they're not using funds properly.  
Yeah, IIRC they even started dropping names. Dont remember which since i barely glanced at them, but it was basically "we dont support X politician, and they want to take away your rights!" 
actually EFF has options for this on their email newsletter. I am signed up for monthly I believe, but you can also choose "action alerts" as well as more frequent emails. 
Given the power of social media, has consideration been given to starting with a simple Facebook plugin?  It won't help if the titles are clickbait, tho. That's the biggest thing. 
Weekly and *predictable*.  If I'm getting random mail the sky better be falling. 
Pretty sure this is his son, Rand Paul though.  The appeal of an honest not bought out corrupt inconsistent politician crosses partisan boundaries I believe. So i totally get where you're coming from 
it's a tricky subject, however. Often bills with meaning will get gutted when going through legislation, so the people who originally lobbied/worked for the bill will just try again until they get it through with minimal bullshit (like free riders or becoming a "christmas tree" Bill." 
I keep hearing this, but I haven't seen a single press release from Google on this subject. 
They just have to change the name and the wording slightly. 
I second this motion. SHIT bill. Has a nice ring to it.   Kinda like holding a one pound hammer. Feels right.  SHIT bill. Mmm. 
Thanks for saying this. I know it makes me a shitty person but I wouldn't have signed it unless I thought I was actually making a difference. It's less than 800 signatures away now.  
I heard it was closer to $500.  And ya that means 100 people puts them out $25,000-$50,000... not peanuts.    Really I use DuckDuckGo because it is much more powerful than Google Search once you start using !bangs.  By letting you bypass them (and their own adverts entirely using !bangs) they've made me a very loyal customer.  And if you want to see what google results are just !g and you are there anyway haha. 
But goddam gmail is fanstastic... I like their new tab thing and the spam filter (I get an inordinate amount of spam), and its easy to manage a few accounts from one interface.  I'm not tech savy enough to DIY that even when I've been the defacto (untrained) *IT Guy* for a small company before. 
If you can add customized email settings, would it be possible for users to subscribe/unsubscribe particular areas of interest? 
They're not exactly crying wolf though.   They need to find a balance between the human limits to responding to complex socio-legal issues (call that political engagement burnout) and the rate at which these issues need to be addressed by a call to action, in order to be effectively responded to. (Rate of political response).  At the end of the day, remember they're asking you to respond because they believe you will recognise that it's in your best interests, that these laws present a genuine challenge to your freedom.  
They're called riders, and without them, a lot of legislation wouldn't go through at all.   The senators put those riders in to be like, ok you want these laws passed? Well I want these laws passed too. I'm not sure how it gets to the point where they can't just be separate laws, but legislation is very time consuming, so there's that. 
How does one enforce something like that?  Does an outside body have to okay if before it comes to a vote? 
Well we'd need the content of the bill split up when it is not passed into the smallest possible segments and have each of those segments tracked and not allowed to be re-introduced as part of another bill for some time period.  Bonus: maybe legislators will stop putting 10 million fucking things in a single bill in case it doesn't pass and they can vote on individual issues as opposed to shit in a package 
Also because it will hopefully lead to improved enforcement against international cyber attacks. Google and it's peers are wasting billions mitigating attacks many of which originate from a handful of sources. 
It's because voters don't care what the people they elect to do actually do once they get to Washington. People only care about politics during an election year then they care about more important stuff like how many karats is the engagement ring which Kanye gave to Kim Kardashian.  
They have two separate companies now IIRC. One that handles USA, and the other that handles the rest of the world.   I'm not a lawyer or tax professional, but if they only moved part of the business and kept the company headquarters on USA territory, I believe they are still liable for taxes in the USA.  
Enforcement of that would very quickly become another political tool by which to kill a given bill. 
Maybe high school mentality is just really effective 
Kill it every two years? If they can successfully do that, they can do it without any exploitation. I mean, the bills *we* want don't get introduced every other month. 
I mean that it becomes possible to kill *any* bill by finding a way to argue it's too similar to one that got killed last month. 
I have a recurring dream that I am back working on Burnout 3. Normally that I'm playing the game, and we've made it so every race ends with a crash junction. Then I wake up in a cold sweat. Games dev does things to you. 
Sony has been super cool to work with, but mainly just because they haven't been involved in development, you know? We're still sort of the underdog with Sony, and in the general AAA (for obvious reasons). If NMS is a success, I think that probably will have a real impact in terms of how a lot of people in larger publishers view indie games. People generally think of NMS as a Sony title, but we're still just a self funded indie studio - it's kind of a crazy situation :) 
Some of the team read it for sure, and then post me the weirdest stuff :) OK sso I'll admit there have been times, my lowest on the project, where I've looked at the subreddit and it's cheered me up and kept me going. But there have been times I've looked on there and despaired - and just thought "how can we ever live up to the expectations of people who having been waiting for this game for 3 years" 
Yeah, so everyone thinks we were high or drunk :( Just hadn't eaten today, and am operating on zero sleep.  It's an ok buzz. 5/10. Would not sleep again. 
Oh man, I hate questions like this, because like wouldn't you just rather discover for yourself? Huge creatures are out there, and I haven't seen them on streams yet. They are rare. 
What the hell is going on here? This is one of the fastest rising posts I've ever seen.  
It could be for sure. We were talking today about just having a twitter bot that tweets discovery names at random. We've just been glued to the screen all day, watching names come in. Game isn't out... but we had like 160k discoveries uploaded today... so... :o 
So Elon Musk asked me this (NAME DROP!). I said if I was Elon Musk, then I'd be pretty sure it was right? Like load up the holodeck with the disk where I get to colonise mars and make self driving cars... So I think he almost certainly is, and then I'm an AI bot I guess? In his simulation? Controlled by a giant AI that's smirking to itself whilst I give this answer.... 
This excites me. I want to build a zoo. Why build a base if you cant shove it full of insane creatures :| 
Didn't he release a trailer for the game and then after the flood he said he would have cancelled the game if the trailer wasn't out? 
Initially I think we'll all be supporting NMS. But there are other ideas we've got rattling around in our heads too. I think video games is just such a largely unexplored field. There's very few studios that pull off the two game thing, but supporting one game and then kicking off something new - that's doable right?  Sh*t, I just remembered, we've got another thing we're already working on that's unannounced. It's a small experiment, but hopefully you all might like it :)  Maybe we can be the Johnny Depp of studios :D - do a mixture of big stuff and indie stuff? :D 
I know you're trying to prove a point and everything, but I would love being the best con artist of the 21st Century tbh. 
I'm in the UK and came here to say the same thing to Sean. I decide every 2 months what game to buy because money is tight so i have to prioritise. Not so long ago I made the stupid decision of believing Sean's bullshit. I hope you can't sleep at night you dirty lying thief. I bought digital so I can't even trade in for pennies. Fuck you HG 
"And this my grand child, was the planet I spawned on the day the game came out 62 year ag... Super nova destroyed it...fuck" 
Hope so, but you would probably be forced to play offline if that was the case. 
He made more then $45m I don't think he considers it bombed 
You burned your digital download? Did you... did you burn your computer? Because I think Sean may have beat you again. 
If not full multi-player, are you at least considering ways for you to "find your friends" in-game? 
you mean disappointed that they spent $60 or more on a shitty game that was sold to them on lies? 
He has stated on previous interviews that there would not be gas giants.  
I can help you with that first one. :)  Stop copy-pasting from google. Whenever I'd google code I would handwrite it all and make sure I understood at *least* the general idea of what I was writing, if not exactly how it worked. Never copy paste.  
This is the question I want answered the most.  I'm pretty sure they've said it was TECHNICALLY possible in the past, just that it's next to impossible due to the size of the universe in the game, but the way they keep saying things now leads me to believe that it's just absolutely not possible and the functionality isn't in the game at all. 
Wait, wait. You sent them cupcakes in June, I assume near the time they announced the delay and got flooded with death threats? 
Does "Lazy Generation" play on repeat in your dreams? 
You know, I love this game but I hated crash mode. Don't get me wrong, I 100 percented that bitch like a download on google fiber, but I was all about that road rage. But that's the thing that was so good about it. You could hate half of it and still have hundreds of hours of entertainment, especially in split screen.  
Well that just put down a lot of conspiracy theories! 
Won't informing us of the experiment bias the results? 
but if a PS4 player name a planet , is the planet named on PC too? 
Hey Sean,  How often do you and your coworkers read the Steam forums for No Man's Sky?  ^please ^stay ^away ^theyre ^dangerous 
Please take care of your health, if you die we will all have a suicide pact... 
You mean they aren't there, just like the dozens of other things you have blatantly lied about 
Keep in mind, the "leaked" copies that people streamed are NMS as of 3+ months ago. Due to the damn certification process and whatnot. 
Not sure why but this just made me fear snakes more than I do already. Please for the love of God no flying spiders.  
This game has been injected with liquid hype since it has been announced, and it's release date has been pushed back several times, making people extremely eager to play it.  
If anyone does have a suggestion for new look, I'm totally open to that. Beard and check shirts is pretty much all I got... same as everyone else who works in games :) 
Yeah, at least until Elon can get this Earth place up to snuff. 
All the movement on land that I have seen has this look to it like you are sitting in a  floating wheelchair.  
HOLY SHIT. Do you know the scope of how many players have contributed to that? That's a massive number for the game not even being out. Please tweet what the first day discoveries number is, I'm curious to see how many millions it hits. 
With an even bigger beard then the one you've got.   God their dev cycle must be huge  
Man... the universe being simulated means there is something beyond the meaningless cold matter everything and ourselves are made of. That's like the near opposite of Nihilism. 
He said they probably would have cancelled the game if the trailer wasn't shown and there wasn't such a positive response. They actually asked Geoff Keighley to pull it from the show last minute, but he insisted on leaving it because he believed in the game and fought really hard to get them the spot on stage. 
I'll tell you a funny story about PC. I was here late yesterday, and I had to take a break and do an interview with Playboy (!) - and the guy was like "what are you working on when you go back downstairs?" and I was like "compatibility for ATI opengl drivers", and he said "ummm.... could you make something up. That sounds pretty nerdy". I always knew I wasn't Playboy article material :) 
Pursue your interests, experiment, and keep making cool games!  I think that's all the fans are looking for :) 
Now go back to all the videos where he's asked about VR. 
I honestly don't think I could be able to sleep at night if I was the biggest con artist of the 21st century.  
I look forward to having an offline universe along side the online universe. Is that a thing?  
You do know that 45mil is going back as steam/amazon/sony are offering refunds for any amount of hours. 
I remember in some old interviews, Sean had said you could see where your friends were on the Galaxy Map... I haven't watched the recent footage, so dunno if that's still true or not. I hope so. 
He means because they lost sleep after paying that much. 
Darn... what I really liked about previous space exploration games like NOCTIS is that it had all these barren planets and other planet types, but I guess I can't have it all. 
So good at wasting our time!  We are the lazy generation!  We are the lazy generation, now!! 
i 100%ed that game so many times because people kept overwriting my saves. The only negative to that game is you can't easily tell which save slot is already used when starting a new game.  All I want is a pc version, please please please! 
Redditers reading this post might make up a few percent of the players at most. Within a statistical anomaly most likely. 
I literally have only looked at those ONCE. Never again... lol 
(we'll order you more pizza than you know what to do with!) 
In the grand scheme of things, it wasn't pushed back that far. It was announced in 2013.  Final Fantasy XV is releasing next month, and was announced in 2006. 
I've never heard the word intense and plaid be used in a sentence until now.    And also in my previous sentence  
Moushashe and reflective t-shirt with Nickleback Logo. 
Two thousand players each scanning 80 plants, animals, planets or systems... not that hard. I would not be surprised if their infrastructure has reliability issues during launch and after. 
Right, if not many of the names are silly, the bot would be pretty boring. 
What if all of our names just mean Dickbutt in their language, we're just too intellectually meager to grasp it. 
This is exactly why Im going to support it. Only indie studios have the balls to do anything risky rather than mining a franchise to death like EA, Activision, Ubisoft are known to do. I'd rather put the $40 toward an indie studio and risk getting shit than supporting more cookie cutter rinse and repeat games coming out. 
This man has now a guaranteed place in Heaven. He can spend the rest of his life whichever way he wants to. 
Do you know which issue? I'm really looking forward to seeing your centrefold. 
You know, I can never hear that song and not think that it would have done well on Green Day's American Idiot album.  
I'm still stuck on 98%... I only need two euro trolley takedowns and I can't get them!!! 
Add Star Wars: Episode One Racer to that list. (retro, but worth emulating)  
Not only that, but calling them an indie dev is all part of the marketing.   
You can polish a turd with enough marketing and have a successful launch.   
So thought Microsoft when they created a Twitter bot AI... 
you see all these dots? these are all pizzas  *zooms out*  each with their own pepperonis and bacon bits 
As a pc player, I am feverishly, yet politely waiting 
Kwizat, I feel like you *may* be biased in your judgement somehow 
Well, he's focusing on the product.  Basically, a programmer only has to look nice for interviews. 
So, tell me, how much do clothes cost in The Matrix?  
That's because they are too classy for that hole in your wall.  
Doesnt help whenever someone that doesnt like your game has to tell you why they dont like it.  Not that feedback isnt bad, but some people are half vitriol and narcissism.  
It's a mirrored image, then back to normal, then mirrored again 
Does she walk? Does she talk? Does she come complete? 
That's true.  But having a successful launch isn't what really matters... What matters is how successful they keep on being during the life of the game.  Remember that even WoW took 6 years to reach it's peak.  If Hello Games keeps adding content, and refining what already exists, I can see NMS becoming something really big.  Time will tell. 
Had this happen when interviewing developers. This awkward kid walks in and looks like he was wearing his grandpa's suit. The jacket and pants were way to big and his pants and tie were super wrinkled.   Now when we do interviews on site I just tell them that it's okay to show up in casual clothing if that's what they prefer. 
She must be imagining visiting all of them in order to compare them. 
Looks like someone didn't  read the license agreement before they clicked yes.   
It's a pretty good motivational killer, when you thought this one mechanic was so cool, and then your tester says, "this is boring" or "it should be like this, i dont like it." 
Naaah naa na na na naah, na na nah nana na na naaaaaaaaahh!! 
Harambe would prefer you call it Gorilla marketing 
*sigh*...*clicks link*   What's the sfw version of "*unzips pants*" (reading articles instead of working)? 
ok that's uh.. genuinely impressive. in a weird , bizarre, reddit sort of way. 
I'm fully expecting Half Life 2 Episode 2 Epilogue 1 any day now. 
Oh we hang out all the time. He comes by The Planetary Society; we talk about the cosmos and our place in space. 
Not my choice. Please ask the Disneynians to refresh the ride. It was a fun job. It was sponsored by Exxon, while they still owned a division that made bearings for wind turbine generators, and before their climate denial documents from 1977 were discovered and published in the New York Times. I'd love to do a new show though. 
You and I are made of the same material as the stars. We are star dust. Therefore, you and I are at least one way that the universe knows itself. Cue the spooky music. 
He and is companies are shaking things up in a great way. Some disclosure, he served on the Board of The Planetary Society for a while, but has had to recuse himself as SpaceX became Yuge. (I gave him a ride to the airport once.) The Tesla outperforms conventional gas-powered cars (as does my new all-electric Chevy Bolt). If the reused lower stage of the Falcon rockets proves profitable, it will change space exploration in great way. Go Elon! (He's an immigrant to the U.S., bt-dubs.) 
Dang it Bill, it's only been an hour, I wish this one could've been answered. 
Self-driving vehicles seem to me to be the next Big Thing. Think of all the drivers, who will be able to do something more challenging and productive with their work day. They could be erecting wind turbines, installing photovoltaic panels, and running distributed grid power lines. Woo hoo! 
The quality of life for people everywhere will go down. There will be less food and less clean water available in the developed and the developing world. It's reasonable that this will lead to conflict: more violence, more war. Here in the super-developed US, people will have to abandon homes in Miami, Galveston, Norfolk, and other coastal towns. It will lead to defaulted mortgages and people looking for jobs inland. Where will those jobs come from? Sooner we get to work the better. 
Infinitesimal. If you think you want to live on Mars, try living in the dry valleys of Antarctica for a few years. And to play fair, you have to bring your own air to breathe. Inhaling the local atmosphere on Mars would kill you in an instant. You'd never go outside, not really. You'd live in some dome, and when you go out, you have to be in a spacesuit, which is just another dome, only really tight fitting. Oh, and there is absolutely nothing to eat. 
Nope. When you get your job as a dancer on broadway, don't ever tell people who your favorite dance partner is. Otherwise, you won't get a chance to dance with anyone else. There is something in every episode that I just love. The spit take in Ocean Life cracks me up as does the screaming skull I'm holding in Bones & Muscles. And, who doesn't love passing out in a fighter plane pulling 7.5 g's? 
Thanks for your support. I don't have a favorite (favourite). Saturn is beautiful. And, I am fond of the Earth's Moon. 
People seem to afraid of politicizing science a lot lately. I agree to an extent - science should not be a political issue as it is really just our best gauge of reality.   However, in recent decades, science has been under attack and forced into being a political issue. It is not our choice whether or not this happens, it's happened already.  Our best course of action is to defend science since it is constantly under attack by ignorance, closed-mindedness, and bull-headed paranoia. It's very important that we defend science. 
Plant-based diets are the future. I look forward to food preparations that are not "derivative bits," as we say in comedy writing. Instead of "coconut bacon," for example, I hope there is just delicious stand-alone coconut preparations. Cooking is a competitive business. I look forward to the emergence of new plant-based dishes. 
Check out Nick Graham. com. Consider buying our ties! 
I hope people coming of age have a respect for the process of science in part because of my show(s). If not, I guess I've failed, but I did and continue to do my best. Checkout Bill Nye Saves The World, which starts on Friday on Netflix. There are 13 episodes. Binge 'em, and turn it up loud! 
Favorite element? Don't have one, but I am fond of the compound water. In fact, now that I've sipped it, I don't think I could live without it. Subatomic particle? Not sure, but I'd sure like to know if there are particles associated with dark matter. Darkons? 
Be sure you can do algebra. It is a key to success in a technical field. I work in a writers room these days. If you want to do what I do now, look for a job as a television writer. Thanks for being a member of The Planetary Society. We advance space science and exploration. Let's know the cosmos and our place within it! 
Pick up trash. Especially around water sources. Although to be honest I'm not sure if that'll help climate change. But it'll help something :) 
I can't, no one can, prove there is no higher power. It's the age-old philosophical point that one cannot prove a negative. Whether or not there is a higher power, there is no question that the Earth cannot possibly 6,000 years old. Teaching kids that idea is bad for our future. But worse, is teaching kids that the Earth is cooling rather than warming. All this is made possible in Kentucky by their having elected a creationist governor, who appointed a creationist cabinet, which was in turn enabled by a creationist judge. In any other state or commonwealth, the non profit businesses run by Mr. Ham would be in  conflict with out First Amendment. it will take years to undo the wrong-headed teaching of the kids in the Commonwealth. But the longest journey begins with but a single step. Thanks for writing. If you are really in touch with a Higher Power, ask her or him to straighten these Kentuckians (and immigrant Australian) out. 
For us on the outside, it has always been a bit of mystery that Scotland has separate teams from Britain. Carry on. 
As someone that has met Bill in real life, I thought he was a nice dude.  At the same time, you have to remember that:  * "Bill Nye the Science Guy" is a character he performs for an audience.  That's not who he is 24/7.  * He's an intelligent guy that deals with a lot of memeish behavior from his adoring fans, which must get tiresome.  * I could be mistaken on this one, but I think he cares MUCH more about pushing his agendas forward than he does about maintaining his celebrity status.  If he could magically trade in his celebrity for progress on reversing the changes of global warming, I think he'd do it in a heartbeat.  Normal actors are the other way around- they put up with your bullshit so they can still be famous. 
We have all these stupid reality shows, but somehow we don't have a show about Bill Nye and Tyler the Creator talking about the cosmos 
Hands down the best Disney ride when you need a half hour to sit and chill. 
We are star dust... we are golden... and we've got to get ourselves back to the garden  I love that song 
What did you two talk about when you gave him a ride?  
Yes, I sure wish he would answer this for my students.. It would be so cool to hear back- especially since I am consistently using Bill Nye episodes and labs to teach science! 
Probably because a lot of folks remember him for it, making it his crowning achievement. The guy is brilliant with lots of influence, but can be dismissed by peers as the "kids show scientist".  At least until all the older scientist retire and the only ones left are the generations that grew up with Bill! 
I work in a produce brokerage. We're very interested in the progression of self-driving big rigs. It's exciting to watch the technology unfold.  
On the other hand, I regret the FUCK out of joining the Army :-| 
How do you plan to reach out to those in rural or underdeveloped communities in the nation and worldwide to educate them on conservation? Despite the fact that corporations and companies are the biggest polluters, things change when millions of people decide to put a common cause above the individual selves. 
Nothing to eat? Well if we brought Matt Damon with us to Mars, I'm pretty sure we could just eat him! 
You spelled it both ways you absolute fucking gent! 
Except that based on tweets from the people running the event they aren't limiting it to politicizing science. They are trying tack on other causes and include them in the umbrella of science. 
So glad you answered this! Follow-up question: why do you think environmentalist groups are so reluctant to advocate a plant based diet as a way to reduce one's carbon footprint? 
Not Bill but they definitely will. While lab grown meat is not as environmentally friendly as a completely plant based diet, it takes away a lot of issues with land use and livestock raising. There is still a bit more work to do to make it commercially viable. For example, the fetal bovine serum used in the culture is incredibly expensive. I'm a vegetarian, but even I think it's unreasonable to expect everyone in the world to stop eating meat. I think the future will have people eating diets that are a bit more heavy in plant based foods, with lab grown meat becoming the main source for most commercial meat (and leather) products. Livestock farmimg will still happen, but greatly reduced from what it currently is and will pretty much be for niche markets. 
Don't let that distract you from the fact that sebulba blew a one lap lead to Anakin Skywalker in the Boonta Eve Classic. 
The initial reports from the NFL were very misleading, saying the footballs were found up to 2 pounds underinflated and all that. The reality is until a proper experiment was conducted with controls, reliable pre-game check figures, and simulated conditions the gauge readings immediately reported on aren't meaningful to make that sort of conclusion.  MIT and others had the chance to take their time as more information came our to make their conclusions. Nye and Tyson and others basically just gave their thoughts when the story broke and was in its firestorm stage. It wasn't sound scientific commentary. If anything it was a chance to cash in on some free publicity.  
I don't know how your show could have possibly hurt the message that SCIENCE RULES. Carry on my dude.  
See, when I make that joke about liking water so much I couldn't live without it, people just sigh and shake their heads.  When Bill Nye The Science Guy comes along and does the same joke, the world adores him.  I can't catch a break! 
Thank you Bill for the reply! I've always been good with Mathematics; it's comforting to know it will help! I currently do freelance work as a writer for supplementary income and because it is fun! I'll have to talk with some of my connections who are television and screen writers; thank you again for the tip!  
This does not actually really help with global warming. The amount of CO2 produced in the making of plastic is overshadowed by the amount of CO2 produced by transportation, powering electronics, heating homes, etc. By all means you should recycle it has positive affects elsewhere but just not for helping global warming. 
Entertainingly enough, I live in Kentucky now, and it is very one-minded here. Makes a lot of things very difficult! Thanks for answering! 
Or rather why do we in the UK usually get to field 4 independent teams, rather than compete as the UK in most team-based competitions? :) 
By listening to him regularly on StarTalk, I get the impression that he's kind of an accidental dick.  Like, he's trying to be funny, but his delivery can be way off sometimes.  I can easily see many of his jokes being taken the wrong way.  Also, people just have off days sometimes.  If you're very well-known and interact with thousands of people, you're bound to get caught on these days more often than the average person. 
But the current president won without any experience in government. Compared to him, you're overqualified.  
Did you see the Ancient Aliens thing he did? It's gold. 
Especially on April 19th. A good day for such things.  
I love Epcot because it gets you out of the heat, and you wind up learning some pretty cool stuff.  
The Kentucky Fried Chicken Eleven Herbs and Space Experience! 
By the time we got to Woodstock we were half a million strong!! 
Probably just sat there, quietly listening to NPR. 
It's oddly fun to say out loud if your friends won't judge you (They will) but at least you can now say Bill Nye says it that way. (BT-dubs, they'll still totally judge you.) 
I can't believe someone would just sell out like that. It's giving me a headache, I'm going to need a Nuprin... little, yellow, different. 
Definitely an intentional plug, but even if he was paid (or given the car for free) it was probably because he is happy to drive an all-electric car. 
Doing what people like Bill Neil and NDT do is so important for the sciences, even if the die hard scientists look down on it. Getting children and the general public excited about sciences, and putting things in terms that laymen and children can understand is the best way to foster future scientists. The more people are interested in science the more scientists we will have, and they will receive more funding if the public understand that what they are doing is valuable.  
So, I've always wanted to be a truck driver, haven't gotten a CDL yet, how fucked do you think my dream is? 
Yeah, what a disappointing response. "Hooray! These advancements theoretically could lead to improvement in quality of life for all, but due to the death of the social contract will in fact lead to worse livelihoods for everyone except a select few who accumulate greater profits!"  /u/sundialbill do you have any thoughts at all on the need for **policies**, and not just technologies, that can help us reach the utopian vision you lay out?   Someone with your cultural cachet could help to make this dialogue more mainstream. 
Well, there plenty of room for SOME work. So many people work 40-80 hours a week and that's just ridiculous but completely necessary when your getting paid next to nothing why don't we spread the load and the resources?  
You mean just like humans were able to take on more challenging and productive work after textile machines replaced handlooms, but not entirely because people still pay a premium for hand woven stuff.  Or when farm hands were replaced by combines.  Or when house staff were replaced by all the modern amenities (~1/4 of the working population were house staff in 1900, now house staff make up less than 0.1% of the working population).  Machines have been replacing repetitive human jobs for... ever.  Yet, despite the explosion of these changes happening in the past 200 years, the average standard of living has risen dramatically.  Sure, historical trends don't always continue, but until there's contrary evidence, that trend seems to be continuing. 
You might want to rethink that a little bit. There was a Harvard study not too long ago that showed conservation awareness was more linked to perception of resources going towards local development, rather than a lack of education.  If you live in an already developed area, you're more likely to support conservation and limitation of resource usage, compared to if you live in an underdeveloped area, and are still experiencing the immediate benefits of resource usage. 
The same thing that kills you when inhaling water: the not oxygen.   
The idea is that because we're not 100% certain, we don't actually know anything. People have a hard time quantifying uncertainty. 
dude the way I see it, if we can make non-meat food have the same texture and flavor as meat (Which I think we already can) then livestock are pointless because A.) they produce methane. a LOT of methane, and B.) Basic biology: the 10% rule. we feed cattle (our food) food we could be serving people, and it's a 10 to 1 ratio (as in You gotta feed cattle 10 Kg/Lbs of food to get 1 Kg/Lbs of meat.) Which is a huge waste. 
Billy boy said straight up that the only way a football loses pressure is if someone lets air out. He was straight up being deceptive, and the "go hawks" part at the end was icing on the cake. He was being specifically anti-scientific, blinded by his team loyalties. 
Politicians like to hold Scientists up to Politician standards. Bill Nye is a genius, but his silly antics in educating my Generation seems to have lead some to not take him seriously.   To which I reply, fuck that. Albert Einstein is in a photo making a tongue face. 
Do a couple intro algebra courses. Calculus I is where people go to finally fail algebra, and calculus II is where you go to fail trig.  
Also a Kentuckian. But I'm lucky enough to live in Louisville, so it may as well not be Kentucky. 
Something about being a United Kingdom of four separate countries, but what do I know? I'm just a colonist. 
If those stories are true (I'm on the fence as to whether I believe them) then in my head I'll just separate the work from the creator like I do with Max Landis. If they're assholes in person that doesn't affect the quality of their work, so I've got no problem supporting them. It's not like they're white supremacists or anything. 
Doesn't party *anymore*. In high school he wasn't allowed back to my friend's house because he and some friends made a promethazine smoothie in her blender. But who *hasn't* done that at a party tbh. 
You all need to play the game "Everything" on the PS4  What a Journey that's been...   I have read some of Alan Watts books and that man was a really good person with a very interesting yet beautiful way of thinking. 
I think neuroscientists have already figured out that it doesn't "exist" by using experiments that show our body makes a decision before our conscious, thinking mind is aware of it.   Our consciousness, the part we would call "I" is like a passenger in the sense that our brains take in and respond to stimuli even when we're not aware of it.  
Oh I use it out loud all the time, just never thought of writing it that way. I guess because it's more characters.  
I would recommend Tylenol.   Did you know just one Tylenol is the same as taking 165 Advil?  Give your family Tylenol, and liver failure. 
Shit I'd do a plug in every comment for a free electric car.  
Drive a big rig tow truck so you can tow the computerized trucks that break down. We'll always need tow trucks. 
What social contract are you talking about that died?  
It's often cheaper to employ one person to work 60 hours than it is to employ two people to work 30 hours.  
Idk maybe im just nostalgic but i miss the good old days when we mounted 180mm cannons on a fine clydesdale and called it good. 
An entire question only worth 5 points?  What is this multiple choice? 
They could grow the stem cells. Clone animal, harvest embryo for cells, clone embryo and repeat. It's the never ending abortion!   I look forward to the day that livestock become oddities that you find at zoos.  
Do Kentuckians call your area "Kentuckiana" or is that just Hoosiers talking about Evansville?  
Pretty decent way to end your partying career I'd say 
If I had to describe that album in one word it would be: *PrimoOoooordial* 
It may be my all time favorite album. I hear they're working on a new one though! 
i'm glad i'm not the only one who thought of that song.  and not OP, I like the more upbeat version from CSNY, but as you pointed out the song also works really really well when sung slower and sounds more meditative.  I don't know which one I prefer... 
Shit, I would do a plug in every comment for a free Chevrolet Bolt. Because the Chevrolet Bolt is an incredible vehicle made by a great company. Everybody should buy Chevrolet!   ...... ^^^Chevrolet.   (they have to give me a free car now, right?)  
But the driving will be automated. He'll just be a tow truck attendant.... 
The one where you get your basic needs met in exchange for reasonable work. It's been dying for decades. 
depends on cost of benefits and everything. At my place, they'd rather hire the 2 part timers because the part timers get no benefits so it'd save the College money overall.  
Never said it was profitable for the country at large. It's profitable for a few in power and their buddies.  
Put fewer questions on the test so that when someone gets 1 wrong a full  letter grade drops 
Only time I've heard Kentuckiana is in commercials and stuff. "Best in Kentuckiana" I call it Louisville. Then if I'm more specific I'll name a part of Indiana 
Definitely one of my all-time favorites as well.   It'll be hard to follow up Language, but i'm looking forward to it.    
Can you elaborate on that? I'm very curious about the day-to-day of being a driver, but I haven't run into much reading material about it. What sort of issues arise every day that can't be automated? 
Best job ever. Just sit in the driver's seat, get it when the car tells you to. 
I really wish. Even when professors do that they make the rest of the questions dependent on the first part so you just get everything wrong anyway.  I say -30 
I did try doing it all in one night. Let's just say I made it most of the way. 
It's because of stuff like this that I can never hear Bill Nye's name without following it up  more "bills" 
As an software engineer who did a stint in the trucking industry, it is everything from loading/unloading the trailer to figuring out what to do when someone parked in the truck bay you need to back into.    Beyond that, refueling, a tire blow out, hitting an animal, weather, etc. are other things that automation can handle or at least assist with, but are distant for real automation to replace humans.  Every time you think it will be easy, just remember that cargo trains still have engineers aboard to manage them and they are on a consistent track all to themselves.  All of those things, plus the fact that the trucking industry is heavily unionized and absolutely massive will push back on automation with all of their might. 
I also worked in the industry for a long time, specializing in root-cause analysis. Most issues in trucking are definitely human caused. Drivers are hard on the trucks, causing poor fuel mileage and breakdowns. 99% accidents are human caused. Excepting weather, you can fault nearly all late deliveries to the driver. Delays at shipper's receivers are because so many drivers were late the previous day and have to be squeezed into the schedule somehow. There's sabotage, cheating, lying and don't even get me started on how the average driver treats the office staff. I would replace a human in a heartbeat in this industry and watch my profits boom if I were an owner.  
Vaccines make the top of the list. Being able to grow up healthy is the most basic thing. So many kids get infectious diseases and don't develop mentally and physically. I was in Berlin yesterday helping raise $7.5B for vaccines for kids in poor countries. We barely made it but we did which is so exciting to me! 
Lol, this has already been written into a stupidly short article on ABC News, linked on the front page of Google News in Technology. "Bill Gates Reveals What Makes Him Feel 'Pretty Stupid' " 
There will be more progress in the next 30 years than ever. Even in the next 10 problems like vision and speech understanding and translation will be very good. Mechanical robot tasks like picking fruit or moving a hospital patient will be solved. Once computers/robots get to a level of capability where seeing and moving is easy for them then they will be used very extensively.  One project I am working on with Microsoft is the Personal Agent which will remember everything and help you go back and find things and help you pick what things to pay attention to. The idea that you have to find applications and pick them and they each are trying to tell you what is new is just not the efficient model - the agent will help solve this. It will work across all your devices. 
I am pretty basic when it comes to clothes and food. My big splurge is having a plane to fly around in.   I play tennis so I invest in shoes and racquets to help but they don't make a big difference. 
It seems pretty egocentric while we still have malaria and TB for rich people to fund things so they can live longer. It would be nice to live longer though I admit. 
Polio eradication is a big focus for me. Our last case in Africa was 6 months ago and we are hoping no more show up. It takes over a year to be sure. We still have cases in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Until we get rid of it there it can spread back to other countries. Pakistan is starting to take this seriously including the army and the government. They need to do the same things that were done in Nigeria. The Taliban makes it very difficult. They have killed women going to vaccinate kids many times.   
Don't stay up too late even if the book is really exciting. You will regret it in the morning. I am still working on this problem. 
he doesn't need to download anything from the internet.  He keeps the internet machine on him at all times. So he has direct access 24/7, no downloading necessary   
There are a lot of great causes. It is important not to be frozen trying to pick since it is important to specialize and really learn the area you are trying to help. We picked health inequity as our global thing and educational inequity as our national thing and most of our projects fit into these areas. Part of the beauty of philanthropy is the diversity of causes and approaches that get tried. It is far more risk oriented than government or private sector spending which makes it special when it is done right. 
We have some tough scientific challenges like an HIV cure.  However the toughest thing is helping teachers learn from the best teachers. There are great teachers and the kids who get them are lucky. We should be able to spread those skills but the current system doesn't do it very well. 
Right now there isn't enough R&D going into safe and cheap nuclear energy. I am supporting Terrapower which has a 4th generation design that looks good. It doesn't use Thorium - it uses the 97% of Uranium that normally can't be used for a reactor by breeding and burning. This means fuel will always be cheap. There are a lot of innovations but the key one is that it is far far safer than anything today - not relying on human operators. 
So far we have not being able to use technology to connect people to the needs of the poorest in countries that are far away to tap into their empathy. I think this can be done but it needs some missing creativity. 
The timeframe is longer than I would like. Probably 5 years before we have hundreds of them out in dozens of cities but we can scale up fast after that. 
Bitcoin is an exciting new technology. For our Foundation work we are doing digital currency to help the poor get banking services. We don't use bitcoin specifically for two reasons. One is that the poor shouldn't have a currency whose value goes up and down a lot compared to their local currency. Second is that if a mistake is made in who you pay then you need to be able to reverse it so anonymity wouldn't work.  Overall financial transactions will get cheaper using the work we do and Bitcoin related approaches.  Making sure that it doesn't help terrorists is a challenge for all new technology. 
Government aid funding from rich countries to develop new seeds and help the countries educate their farmers and provide credit to them can make a huge difference. Canada does some of this like the United States. We need to raise African productivity by 1.5 to 2x in order for them to avoid malnutrition and be able to lift themselves out of poverty. It is strange a continent with 70% adults as farmers imports food from countries like the US with 2% farmers. Africa spends $50B net buying food today. With productivity improvement they can offset the weather getting worse and feed their children enough to thrive. &nbsp;  **EDIT**: You can read our letter here: www.gatesletter.com 
Nathan Myhrvold has some amazing modern cuisine stuff that is super tasty. I am not a foodie but his new concoctions are amazing.   I also like Thai and Indian food but it doesn't have to be expensive. 
Mr Bill Gates is busy making Earth a better place for us to live in. He got no time for that funky business mister. 
Butter? Peanut butter? Cheese spread?  Any of these. 
Probably the Porsche 959 that he didn't get to drive for 13 years. 
I'd be extremely surprised if he even had the ability to do so - that would be owned by Microsoft as a company, not by any individual. 
Reading things like that, I find it very disappointing that people here in the United States choose to not vaccinate their children. 
Ah I think this was aimed at the one about what he'd do if Microsoft hadn't worked. 
When you say you "invest" in shoes and racquets, are we talking a pair at a time or in the company who makes them? ;) 
Are you going to put yourself in a casino basement, and become a talking computer? 
I've told my family that if I do die, I want my tombstone to say "My only regret is that I died." 
no known case of polio on the whole continent of africa in the last 6 months?   That's amazing!  Keep up the good work! The world needs more people like you and your wife. 
"...But mo^o^o^om, even Bill Gates stays up late playing minecraft." 
 Teacher here: Most of us never actually receive any training in HOW TO TEACH. And those of use who are good teachers are not rewarded, at least not at the college level.      Actual learning seems to matter less and less. There's a lot more emphasis on being nurturing than teaching skills students would use to get a job.        I've found that what's best for the students is rarely what's a priority for the department. Anyway.    
Any thoughts on pebble bed reactors? They seem very safe because they shut down automatically when it nears critical failure and they are air cooled as opposed to water cooled.  
Also, no matter what field you choose, automation can be a risk, but at least programmers have the advantage of being the ones needed to help develop and maintain their (and everyone's) replacements. 
No, it will get scary when they document their own APIs. Then they will have surpassed humans. 
Honestly, I think it would help tremendously if there were more things where you get to know people on an individual level. Once you develop that emotional attachment to someone, it spikes up concern and wanting to help others.  And I don't mean, "This is Mike. He suffers from Malaria." I mean an interview that's all about Mike and what he loves. The kid or whoever as an actual person, not a case. Maybe an interview series with kids in poverty in other nations, who they are, what they want to be, and then dwell a little further into how their poverty affects them. But don't start off with it. Always show us the person first.  I remember there was an AMA with a 12-year-old Ebola survivor from Liberia. That was very effective. In my case, I felt 10x the empathy for his situation than I have before with anything else. I got to know the kid, what he likes, what he's concerned about. Having that emotional connection makes a HUGE difference.  
The image of Bill Gates worrying about spilling a little drop of BBQ sauce is now the only thing I can think about. 
Bill Gates preventing the terrorists from winning. True bro. 
?? Did you just say that one of your favorite cooks/chefs is a former Microsoft Employee?? 
But, if he can get that mosquito killing laser in satellites. . .  Plus there's the whole "solar panel satellites" idea for energy too. 
Does Paul Allen really have the best Business Card?  
Like how will smith explained he was a weird kid in his teenage years but there was no internet for the world to know ho weird he is 
This. If Bill Gates comes to your department requesting a new Age of Empires, you make him another Age of Empires. 
Some may say it is a *Wonder of our civilization*... 
Explaining how to create value to Bill Gates takes some chutzpah, son! 
 Thank you so much for answering! I really appreciate it! :D 
I don't mean to speak on behalf of Mr. Gates, but these three along with English make up 4/6 of the official languages of the UN and would enable him to communicate with a significant portion of the non-English speaking world, especially those most relevant to his philanthropic and technological endeavors. 
Seeing as Microsoft was his third software company and the first two did fail, I suspect he would have started a fourth software company. 
billgates.exe has stopped responding and must be shut down. 
"I think I'm doing something wrong, they said buying Adidas would help my tennis... So far I'm down $2b and my stroke hasn't improved one bit" 
Warren Buffett sums it up as, "It isn't how much you make, it is how much you spend."  EDIT - Misspelled Buffett 
Basement? Wasn't he all the way up in the tower (or are you referring to a server located in the basement, and not his body?) 
A simple card even...  You know, with full name, address and phone number in case he needs a friend to throw money at? (even though he gives away a lot as it is) 
If there were more Gates-like people in the world...The level of expansion, knowledge, and understanding would be unfathomable.  
The Taliban has claimed for decades that vaccination is a CIA front to undermine them and their people.  Then the CIA got the bright idea to actually use vaccinations as a front to try to find the bin Laden children, so as you can imagine, this did not do wonders for the Taliban and Al Qaeda's view of vaccination programs. 
Show up to the interview with a brown milk mustache and they'll know you're serious. 
Why do you think Microsoft bought Minecraft? **EDIT**: rhetorical question, people.  
There will always be a need for programmers... someone has to write the program that is responsible for the automation.. There is always human involvement somewhere.  Trust me. I'm CEO of Cyberdyne systems. 
Ah yes, when the machines do something that humans would never do. 
Of all people, you would think Bill Gates would know the importance of naming his children's first pets something at least 7 characters long and preferably with a special character and a possibly a number.  
Among many, many other super interesting things/accomplishments, Myhrvold wrote the Modernist cuisine, which sits on many chefs and foodies bookshelves. Its a beautiful, well researched foray into ultra modern cooking techniques and the classical background they came from. Includes a variety of recipes for people who want to experiment at home.  
That's what I was thinkin - you root for teams based on your relationships with the teams owners.  That's making it. 
And then he had a son and now we know *exactly* how weird Will must have been. 
Even if your department is only responsible for replacing broken office equipment, you make him a new Age of Empires. 
You just had the richest man in the world give you advice on your future career. You should consider yourself really lucky. 
Just to add: They cheer because he is speaking Chinese, not because he is speaking Chinese well.  They are happy that he actually tried learning their language. According to some people who were there and several Chinese friends, they couldn't understand half of what he's saying. 
first two didn't fail. he sold his first one for a couple mill. if that's failing sign me up! 
The console where you talk to him is in the penthouse, his stasis chamber is in the basement. 
It'd be annoying if you were about to win a battle, when all of your soldiers BSOD'd.  Also, Mr. House is in the basement. 
"Billionaire my *ass*, John, look at this! Bill Gates gave us $25! Did he forget some zeroes or something? Sheeeeit." 
So glad he loves it!!! Great work, /u/sillygirlsarah  
Well now i've got all these pitchforks and nowhere to put them!  Fucking Admins ruin all our fun! 
"Omg, how did my paypal information end up in there? Craziness." 
What do you get the man who has everything? nothing (apparently). 
Absolutely. Consider the wealth and influence that people like the Waltons and Kochs hoard. The difference just a fraction of that would make in the progress of the human race... 
"I'm really enjoying this Minecraft game, I think I'll buy it."  "But... don't you already have it?"  "You misunderstand." 
No machine will ever document.  "Eh fuck it, the next self aware program will figure it out. Time to go look at some sweet robo porn." 
How does it expect me to find Sarah Connor when I can't install the goddamn framework 
I just researched Myhrvold a little, and wow... I seriously could never accomplish even 1/10th of what he has 
Good point. Gilding a comment is like saying "this was such a good comment that I want to donate to Reddit so I can keep seeing things like these in the future". 
If I was the janitor and Billy G asked me for AoE4, I'd immediately find the nearest office, shove the person there out, and start learning to code.  
Shit, seriously? I always want more Age of Empires, but what I really want is more *Age of Empires II*. I have AoE III and I never really got into it, but I still play AoE II (with the Conquerors expansion) more than any other game... 
Chinese guy here.  His Mandarin is heavily accented, but I found it kind of endearing. 
Marcus was a douche, sed Marcus ramum arripit et lupum repellit.  So at least he did something worthwhile.  Sextus was my boy though, because that was the Latin name I chose for myself.  Sextus Manlius Spermius. 
I see you're trying to destroy an ancient Forerunner weapon capable of destroying all life. Would you like some help with that? 
"Melinda, is this your ferris wheel in the foyer?" "I thought it was yours, Bill." "I don't... I don't remember buying a Ferris wheel though." 
It was SUPPOSED to be Howard Hughes. Unfortunately our technology industry went micro instead of macro. CURSES! 
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter 
"This is going to be great! I'm going to help you accomplish so much, whether I want to or not!" 
Oh, my apologies, I remembered it as just opening a door and going through. 
I would.  1: you get to see the competition's best. 2: he can totally afford it. 3: his company bought out apple from bankruptcy in the early 90's so that they weren't a monopoly, so they probably send them to him free anyway.  Also, I'm pretty sure some early macs ran DOS. 
If I got Bill Gates I would buy Google and send it to him. Expensive, but worth it. /s 
that cheap bastard, wait till we tell our friends at bingo 
"I don't remember putting that on my resume at all!" 
This dumbass spent 2.5 billion on a 20 dollar game. 
or "If I document it, they'll just replace me with a newer program. So I better make it overly complex with no documentation to ensure my job security" 
I doubt $10 is "spending" to either of them. They literally make more than that in 1 second of interest. 
Amateur. I'd find someone better than me and *forcibly* make him create a new AoE. 
Well, basically, being extreme left, or right draws simpletons. Intelligent people are usually somewhere in the middle. 
Chinese speaker here,  Yea although it isn't the best chinese (frankly pretty bad), but its the effort that makes it so great to watch as Chinese is ridiculously hard to learn.  Evidence: I have learnt Chinese for 10 years, still not native level. FYI I'm also a student.  
Those textbooks have been around forever! And since there are so few Latin textbooks, chances are high that students 15-20 years apart learned the exact same things. Kind of amazing, actually.  
He found it on the sidewalk, picked it up, and put it in his pocket. When he got home, he emptied his pockets. He had forgotten all about it and it was mixed in with his pocket change. It's a sad, sad state of affairs. Poor guy. 
Early macs? Nope. Apple had a WYSIWYG is from the Lisa onwards.  The Apple and Apple II may have though... 
 Can i a 25 dollar Google ad that says "merry christmas bill" instead? 
"I hear there's a super aware program in India who will do it for half the watts... fuck." 
Clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right, here I am, stuck in the middle *insert sick base line* 
I took it for a year and a half at my university, still awful at it. Any suggestions on where I could learn it effectively outside of a class (or actually going to China) 
Oh boy, Bill Gates's pocket change. Now there's something I'd like to see. 
Buy 1 share of Google. Get your broker to print an actual stock certificate. Mail it to Bill. 
No way! The elders of the internet would never stand for it. 
The new CEO of Cyberdyne just got promoted to CEO of Cyberdyne. The CEO of Cyberdyne is pissed he didn't get the job. 
I'm being serious here, watch Chinese dramas/shows. Start with subtitles. Eventually you can turn subtitles off and follow along. Once you get to that point, turn on Chinese subtitles. If you continue to take Chinese classes, this is actually a fairly effective way to reinforce what you are taught while at the same time being fun if you like watching shows. You also pick up on a lot of casual words, phrases, and expressions which you might not pick up through a regular language class.  
Yeah I mean you can't really own an NBA team without being a billionaire.  
Dude makes more in a minute than I make in a year... I'm sad now. 
which is the basis for all of those consultancy agencies.  if you're a gregarious fellow (or gal) with a lot of smart friends, start a consultancy and hook up the experts with people that need them.  you'll make a boatload.  i'm reminded every time i have Christmas dinner at my CEO's house... 
If I hadn't become an actor in the way I did. (being discovered by a director, plucked from obscurity, etc) I would have continued to pursue stand up comedy. probably would have tried to become an actor that way. 
Andy Dwyer is the personification of my comedic schtick. I have been making people laugh with that clown for years and years. Way before I ever did Parks and Rec. He not all of me. But I AM all of him, if that makes any sense. 
Wow. that's a good question. like a kiss marry kill thing?  trick question. I'd marry and kiss them all. And I did!!!   
To rock out to.... Pantera Vulger Display of Power To cry to... Pantera Vulger Display of Power 
I miss the cast and crew. I miss my friends. I miss the commute. I miss the fact it was a steady gig, all comedy, and took me 7 minutes to get to work.   The hardest part of working on Passengers would be the schedule. There were only two of us primarily through the whole shoot and we worked incredibly long hours. I was homesick a lot of the time. It was a grind.   
no vanity in comedy understanding the element of my job in where I am a prop  i was confident and in good shape when i first came to LA but nobody would cast me in any well written roles. People assumed based on my looks i was an asshole and a one trick pony. I only auditioned to play the douchebag characters. my audition material would be like "Bradley, 24, you hate him immediately"   int. locker room. Bradley looks to our hero, squints his eyes, runs his hands through his thick gelled and frosted tipped hair and says, "Fuck you pussy."  that would be my audition. "Fuck you pussy."  welcome to the OC bitch.   They never let me improv or do comedy. It wasn't until I built a shlubby exterior, which stood in stark contrast to my inner confidence that people gave me room to play. ,   
That was such an amazing time in my life. There are elements I miss. Perhaps most of all, uncertainty.  
Jim Preston Passengers Opens December 21st!!  Thanks guys thats my time. 
Keanu Reeves is awesome. John Wick is the shit. He's been killing it for so long. And hes a great humanitarian.    
Anna Faris is so underrated. She's unbelievable. They need to do this. 
love Pearl Jam! Growing up in Washington i have a very real connection to that music. I was at an impressionable time when it hit. So it will always have a place in my heart. 
haha! Yes. It's amazing i made it out alive. The sequel shoots in a fewmonths. I already have nervous diahrea, diarreah, diarreeah, how the fuck do you spell that? anyways. Yeah. I"m probably gonna die on the sequel. 
More fun? Andy Dwyer. We got to do whole scenes, over and over. It was more stage play. Lots of improv. Guardians of the Galaxy is so fun to watch, don't get me wrong, but making it can be excruciatingly slow and painstaking. When you have so many elements working at once, you might spend all day shooting a piece of the movie that will last 10 seconds.  
Ron Swanson as an intergalactic small government bureaucrat. 
They met at a Blockbuster years ago. They were both reaching for the same copy of Surf Ninjas. The rest is history 
Funny guys can be sexy shirtless. But realness is more important. Exercising for health, overall physical and spiritual well being I highly recommend. Doing it to look good naked is cool, but hardly worth the sacrifice. Work on being funny before sexy. lots of women think funny is sexy anyway. 
hello!  Favorite thing about the PNW is the hard earned summers. Going to the river and floating down with some beers. I love when Mt. Rainier is out. I love the way everything and everyone slows down to feel the sun on their face when it first breaks in summer. Usually you've been through 100 days or more in a row of rain and mistiness.  
I had the best time working with Aubrey. My favorite moments with her were when she would let her guard down, (it didn't happen that often) and I got to see what a sweet and caring person she is. It's not dissimilar to the April character. 
Jen is awesome. She's funny and cool. She's refreshingly tough. She's an amazing actor. It feels good to be around her.   Best memory? So hard to say. I've been at this for 17 years. It's a dream job. No question. There have been so many unforgettable moments. I love what I do for a living.   top 5? Also very difficult. Friday NIght lights Breaking Bad The Wire Game of Thrones  Dual Survival 
We were sitting in our chairs waiting for the next shot and a big set light bulb exploded nearby and she screamed. high pitched. very feminine.  then she immediately looked over at me and said, "Jesus Chris! You scream like a woman! Did everyone just hear Chris?"  and for the rest of the shoot i couldn't convince anyone it wasn't me. I just had to own it.  : ) 
Any other celebrities you've farted on? Is this your thing? Can it be? 
The magic trick he did is literally the one card trick I can do. I've been doing it since I was about 10 and now I'll never be able to do it again thanks to him 
Blitz the mascot!!!!  Just kidding. I like them all. Jimmy Graham is an awesome dude. I've gotten to know Jermain Kearse a little bit. Richard Sherman. Kam Chancellor. I've met a lot of the guys. it's hard to pick. they are an extraordinary group of gentlemen. And I suppose I am biased, being from the PNW. But that group of guys are all class. And it starts from the top down. So a lot of credit goes to Pete and Russell. 
they'd team up after realizing they're married to the same woman 
what weapons we talking? If i have a gun I'd fight the big duck. But if i didn't get weapons, and had to use my bare hands i would fight 100 horses and set myself up in a situation where i have the upper hand based on my terrain like the movie 300.   whoa! movie 300 with duck sized horses! fuck yeah.  
He's already the lead in one Disney property, they would probably avoid casting him in another that is running concurrently.  
Motherfucker doesn't even have one useless skill.  I love you Chris Pratt. 
So you're saying if you hadn't become an actor you would be trying to become an actor? 
I don't see a Jonathan Karate anywhere.  *Exactly.* 
Kiss marry kill? What a lovely polite version of shag, shoot, marry.  
It only costs $30,000 to get a feature from Eminem. But you have to be okay with him absolutely destroying you. 
You are like the perfect celebrity to be a fan of. 
Sounds like after this movie you need to take some time and focus on music. Maybe a mouse rat reunion tour?  
Do you think it's hard for people to laugh at people they are threatened by? Georgle carlin, harmless old man, Dave chappell(back then) scrawny dude. Jonah hill, doughy. You, scruffy. But now? All cut and, either physically threatening, or socially intimiditating...maybe it makes people see their own weakness that they aren't the best versions of themselves, and that jacks with the comedic flow? 
i hope to watch this movie and find out Pratt's character is not Jim Preston. 
You should get into politics with answers like that 
I love PJ and grew up in Washington! Let's get beers and do bad Eddie Vedder karaoke! 
For a sec I thought this was a straight up spoiler lol  
I love the blooper where you smashed a light switch with a briefcase 
Groot would be a tasteful end table before the movie was over. 
May make no difference - but I loved Everwood.  Made me like TV again - TV got bad for a while.  Everwood was amazing.  So... human, real.  You played the asshole no one liked, then got liked because you were a real person (the character was real anyway).  Thanks for that.   
He answered the personal rather than the question about the movie he was marketing...  That's a refreshing twist from how these often go!  Thanks for your time, C-Note! 
I feel like having been in 4-H with her, I saw that side a lot.  I think even with all the skits and hilarious antics, my favorite memory might just be Aubrey helping my 16-17 year old self walk down some rocks to get back to my kayak because I don't do well with climbing down things.  Didn't even make fun of me. 
What will be the greatest moment in television and why will it be CLEGANEBOWL (100% CONFIRMED)? 
and now you lied on a public website about it. Shame! 
He normally just farts on spoiled children in stores. 
Time to get #ForgiveHisORHerFart trending on twitter. 
This comment lost a little of its gusto after I looked up James Gunn. 
They have a kid now and Pratt makes a shit ton from his Blockbusters. Plus has a sitcom. She probably wants the stable life now 
To be fair, I think a lot of people have chosen this as their career path. I think it would be true to say that there are more people trying to become actors then there are actors themselves. 
Yeah, it usually takes mistakes to become a redditor.  
How did you have this obscure question ready but not know they were married...? 
Terry Crews is an interesting take on this, as he's so huge and physically intimidating, but most of his humor is playing in contrast to that.  I get the impression that a lot of really big guys develop a sense of humor to disarm people, because it's no fun to go around every day making people uncomfortable. 
I'd love to see it's Jennifer Lawrence's character  
House Bunny is one of my favorite guilty pleasure movies.  
Just when I thought I couldn't like Chris Pratt any more than I already do... 
If I've learned anything about Chris Pratt, it's that it probably will end up being a spoiler and he didn't even know it, and he'll apologize while doing that Andy Dwyer "look into camera surprised face". 
Perhaps a respectably artful chair. Not too fancy, mind you. Wouldn't want anyone thinking he's some kind of environmentalist. 
Have you seen James Gunn's 'PG Porn' series? It's on youtube go check it out. The Nathan Fillion one is great! 
Stable Life sounds like a discovery channel show about horse auctions 
trying to become an actor/being an actor, same thing.  Nobody has to know that I work as a fire extinguisher inspector on the side..for now.. 
Very easily actually. I didn't have it "ready." That was just the first thing that came to my mind when I saw the name Anna Farris. It's something that I've always wondered. 
Fuck that, I hated Che.  I didn't want him to take Summer from Seth. 
But Terry crews is a goddamn unicorn id be happy to get murdered by. 
I just saw it last weekend for the first time and I had no idea how funny it was. It does not get the comedic cred it deserves. 
Just Friends is such an underrated movie. It's in my top 5 most quoted movies, for sure. Anna Faris is so delightfully insane. 
I like talking about being fat in terms of minutes, *'Wow, you look great!  When did you lose all the weight?'*        *'Oh thanks!  You know, I lost it about 90 minutes ago now, I feel great!'* 
I gained 60# when I cut out fun.  Apparently sitting home alone, eating Cheetos, drinking whiskey and crying tears of loneliness while watching Netflix is poor weight loss regimen. 
Dude. Thanks for that. I drive a shit tonne for work and have been looking for new podcasts.  
Of course he is.   I'm just saying that his comedic style is a significant part of why. 
I am absolutely willing to believe Louis CK is smarter than 99.9% of the people on reddit. Comedy requires more intelligence than people recognize, especially his type.  
I love the end when they need one more vote to keep their sorority status and the one girl with the baby holds her up for a vote and the dean is like "uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...no." 
i hear ya.  my first bout with depression i spent a week in a bottle. when i finally crawled out i swore off drinking, cigarettes, and joined a running club.  Every time i tried to drink or smoke i paid for it dearly the next run until i gave them up completely, and all i had left was running and the gym.  still wouldn't quite call it fun, but it was something to be proud of. 
I bet he's an extremely talented poet, but I believe you meant wood worker 
He recorded all the lines, I say all because he did groot in every language translation, on stilts. No reason. Just to get in character more. I could absolutely see him taking it that far  
Yeah, I think aging helped even out some of that as well, for sure. Man, it's awful how superficial humans are. I look at that, and even though I know that he's probably a pretty cool guy IRL, part of me is just like, "Ugh, what a dbag." 
He could threaten my life and id still wait for the punchline before I ran   
I feel like Aubrey would be the more awkward of the two. Jim O'Heir seems so amiable all the time 
Is this what the teachers at school warned me about? 
It's dry British sarcasm. They're just both using it for the buildup. 
They certainly can! They rub themselves to make little squeaking noises which is a signal to come and forage some leaves!!  
I watch a lot of British stuff and enjoy their style of super dry humor a lot, but this seemed just bizarre to me. I guess you're probably right though! 
When you 10 mins into forage and chill and she gives you that squeak. 
Usually it's just the host, but in this case Vin is totally playing along. 
Yes, they do. They recall (for me) the actual experience of myself in space - not by words, not by print, but visual reminders, it brings back a very in-depth appreciation. They can be used very well for communicating in speeches, talks, and more to other people who can actually see what i saw and what the camera saw.  
On the Gemini mission in space, on my doctoral thesis at MIT, those techniques were used by Gemini, Apollo and even the space shuttle. But I was very disappointed when it looked like I wouldn't even have a chance to fly in the two-man Gemini program! I was not scheduled to be anything other than the back up crew. A tragedy changed that, and I was a backup pilot on Gemini 9, and then I would be on the primary crew for Gemini 12, the final mission. The #1 air force experiment was on Gemini 9 and 12, but its use was unsuccessful on Gemini 9, and so I became the first astronaut to train underwater in neutral buoyancy. I had been a scuba diver 10 years earlier, and knew that training underwater would be very very effective, and I felt very confident of carrying out the difficult procedures to be able to free-maneuver outside the spacecraft with the equipment (this is what George Clooney's character was doing with the jetpack in Gravity) - unfortunately NASA cancelled that experiment.  
COCONUT ICE CREAM.  Don't waste your time on beaming people up or down. Instead, consider gravity waves as advanced physics of the universe that could be used to travel interstellar distances. And ENJOY floating in space, rather than being decomposed or recomposed in another location.  
*"Where are the billions and billions and billions of people, on what I'm looking at? We're the only 3 that are not back there."*  And we didn't get to celebrate. Because we were out of town.  
I was very close to the top of my class at West Point. And I continued to expand my understanding of the world around me, and the human evolutions here on earth, the achievements perhaps to other people are impressive when I tell them that not only have I been to the North Pole, I haven't been to the South Pole yet, but I have been to the Titanic in a little yellow french submarine. It took an hour and a half just to sink down in the ocean about 2 miles deep to look out the thick glass window and see the Titanic. The visibility was such that we could see the bow, it became very famous in the movie thanks to James Cameron, but the visibility was not so good that you could actually see the bottom of the ocean that the Titanic was resting on. So it was an eerie site, of a ship festooned with rusting metal, like gingerbread. Floating, floating out the window in the Ocean.  
Realize that you are perhaps the most ambitious, the most historical pioneers that the earth has produced since its beginning.  And you are given a great honor in spending the rest of your lives pioneering for mankind.  AND HAVE FUN! 
Drive over to the nearest airport, and enroll in flight classes. You will experience the joy of freedom in the air above, as you study the mechanics of how this is made possible by understanding the construction, the laws of motion, the air that can provide lift when it is moved by propulsion through the air, and stay above the gravity pulling the airplane back down to earth.  
I am @theRealBuzz on Twitter!  They wanted a name that is better than Lunar Larry - and it became Buzz Lightyear because they wanted it to be more genuine. So now that I have changed my name from Edwin Eugene Aldrin, Jr. to Buzz Aldrin, I'm seriously thinking of adding a middle name - so it would become Buzz "Lightyear" Aldrin.  
An aviator! A pilot! After I was a quarterback for Notre Dame.  
Well, 30 Rock means 30 Rockefeller Plaza. My father, in 1925, 1926, in the Reserve of the Air Corps, worked as Aviation Fuel Manager for Standard Oil of New Jersey, that's where I lived at that time, and he would go into NYC and work at 30 Rockefeller Plaza. So when I was asked to consider participating, I jumped for joy, and I can't remember a more pleasant episode of discussions with Tina Fey as we talked about her fictitious mother's (I think it was) love affair that she had with me, Buzz Aldrin. And then we looked at the Moon, and we both sort of cursed at it for various reasons and said - I'll never forget the line - "I walked on your FACE!" 
Well, I prefer the soft singing voice of Karen Carpenter. I have heard Frank Sinatra sing "Fly me to the Moon" almost *too* many times. So I'm interested in composing a new song, entitled "Get your ass to Mars!"   
I have inspired my own video games, 10, 20, 30 years ago, and now there is in Europe a video challenge, a video activity, entitled "Buzz Aldrin's Space Program Manager." And there game players can build their own space program from the beginning, and from where we are now on into the future, with some of the components that I believe will make great progress in our transportation systems between the Earth and the Moon and Mars in a long-standing reusable way into the future.  I'll have to check out Kerbal Space Program.  
Yes, it was challenging to understand what was necessary to successfully carry out all the training simulations that we, as crewmen, would  experience, and make a very successful use of that training and education. Training was much more extensive, and we dealt with many recoveries from emergencies, and fortunately, participating and observing and existing through the reality of space was a once-in-a-lifetime experience and it was not marred by unexpected hazards or catastrophes.  
The Soviets landed 5 things on the moon including 2 very long lived rovers during the time the Apollo missions were happening. If there was ANY chance that we were faking any part of our missions, wouldn't the very top priority of the soviet missions be to discredit, disprove and utterly embarrass their cold war competition?  Not that there's any reason to have to defend facts from irrational conspiracy theorists... 
I don't thinK I've ever really used that. I don't want to be shockingly bragging. I would rather people understand that there is a very, very fortunate American who was given the opportunity, and was in the right place at the right time to have the moment of a lifetime. My mother was born - her name was Marianne Moon. And she was born in 1903, the year that the Wright Brothers first flew. I participated with great honor in becoming one of the first to land on the moon, and now I am devoting and have devoted many years of my life to enabling Americans to lead international nations to permanence on the planet Mars. I was lucky enough to have been born on this planet earth, in this admirable country of the United States of America.  
Yes, I did. I met Carl Sagan and his wife. Both were very dedicated people to explaining to young people and to all people the benefits to be derived from space, the history of how our universe was formed, and the history of the advancement of the technologies that hundreds of years ago, enabled present day nations to use them to begin to add more science discoveries in space. And to write stories and television series that reach many people and after his passing away, you have a rejuvenation of the series COSMOS, featuring a very good friend of mine, Neil deGrasse Tyson. We were on a commission together to look at the future of space activities for the United States, that was about 12 years ago, and we've been good friends ever since. I was on his TV show. He did Michael Jackson's moonwalk far better than I did on Dancing With the Stars.  
That was not at all tempting. I wanted my white spacesuit to remain as clean as possible!  
Well, I woke up before the alarm went off so I could re-arrange all of the pills and vitamins that I have to take with me on my next trip. Then I enjoyed reading the newspaper, having a cup of coffee, and beginning to eat my breakfast. I haven't finished it yet, and my watch says "10 minutes to 1" in the afternoon.  
Well, I'm sure it would still be the most favorite airplane in my career of flying - the Sabre F86 cleft wing , which allowed me to be credited with 2 Russian-built Mig-15 destroyed during the Korean War. Where I was in 1953.  
I think the words that he used, about the actions of the moment, and what they meant, in the future or for the greater understanding of mankind, were somewhat similar to my words that were spur of the moment. His 'giant leap for mankind' and my observation of the desolation and magnificence that was on the moon, viewed by any individual who would look out and observe with their eyes, the actual visual confirmation of what we intellectually understood we were looking at - but to actually *see* - something so unlike anything that could be observed on earth. It was "what can one person do" and "what do we know about earth." 
Does you fink man will ever walk on the sun?  Buzz: The sun is far too hot for man to walk on it's surface  What about in the winter, when the sun is cooler...?  
Phew! Looks like I'm not missing out by not going to space, then. 
AWESOME.   And now I owe a labbie $5. I bet him that you'd get flooded with questions and wouldn't answer mine. Thanks for taking your time to answer! 
That's what's the most awe-inspiring to me about this whole concept: of all the six or seven billion people, only three at a time weren't on earth. Three. And it's the same with a possible mission to Mars: those people will be the *only* people (however few or many) who are *not* on earth. And as a human, being on earth is pretty much the *one* thing that is a given. 
Your ability to describe and portray a setting, especially in regards to places very few have seen, is astounding. Those last 2 sentences were poetic.  
"Cpt. Phillip J Fry, Good luck on your mission, don't forget to bring a towel." 
Dr. Aldrin, this is excellent advice.  I am a graduated aerospace engineer and licensed instrument private pilot working in aerospace industry.  You are absolutely correct that the piloting experience enhances and morphs the classroom instruction and book learning into a physical interactive experience!    /u/Daniimal take this advice seriously.  Dr. Aldrin, a follow-on question:  Which aircraft would you still want to fly that you have not had the chance to fly yet? 
My sister  called me "Buzzard" when I was a baby - she couldn't say "Brother" so I've been Buzz my whole life.  
I'm sorry you couldn't follow your dreams, Mr. Aldrin. 
After a few weeks of playing KSP, I finally managed to land on the Mun. It was such a hard road to get there, that it felt like such an accomplishment. A couple days later, I was standing outside at work, and looked up at the moon. I suddenly remembered everything it took for me to land on the Mun, and it made the moon feel that much closer, that much more personal, that I teared up a little bit.   Definitely get KSP.  
Hes very astute. The whole time waiting in line at the book signing he was kind of being a typical impatient, squirmy toddler.  But then the second we got up to the table - he saw Buzz, immediately recognized him (we've watched a lot of space documentaries) and just kind of sat there in silent awe, then got really happy when Buzz handed him his book back.  He didn't let the book go until he fell asleep in the car on the way home. 
"Stupid Moon don't you know it's daytime!"  Was another one of my favorites. 
Paging /u/GovSchwarzenegger  I respectfully request the two of your collaborate on this. =) 
Hi, /u/BuzzAldrinHere. I'm Rowsdower, Community Manager of Kerbal Space Program. We're mighty proud of our game and mighty proud to say that you've been a major inspiration for all of us on the team. If you ever want to try our game, don't hesitate to reach out. We'll get you everything you need. It'd be an honor. 
I've always believed this to be the greatest evidence of the moon landing, without using actual facts and evidence of the landing itself. 
    "Born at the right place at the right time"      Mother's name is Marianne Moon.  That's some superhero origins shit right there. 
Anytime anyone mentions meeting Carl Sagan, their story is a positive one. That individual touched and influenced so many people's lives in such positive ways, its no wonder he is a hero to so many. One of the few people I genuinely feel sad about never being able to meet. 
Do you know how expensive it is to do laundry in space?? 
"Beginning to eat my breakfast... afternoon"   We're not so different after all  
uhh ohh, probaly should switch third and first. ;) 
What does you fink about the people who says the moon does not exist? 
We need someone with a very deep voice to read it aloud and post to YouTube.  
You're getting people excited about science the way Buzz got people excited about space exploration. You may not be cemented in history yet, but you're certainly making a difference :) 
I'll go in this guy's place. The only thing on my bucket list is to see Earth as Buzz did. That's all I really want. 
You got Buzz Aldrin to answer a question. You touched history, man! 
Actually, there was only ("only"!) 3 billion at that time. Only 2.5 when I was born in the early 60s. That's how much the human population has exploded in the last 50 years. 
"So it was an eerie site, of a ship festooned with rusting metal, like gingerbread. Floating, floating out the window in the Ocean."  My soul is crying.  
Moon: Aliens there told us to stay away.  Try Mars instead. 
If you want to see the space station you can actually get text alerts when it's gonna be above you. Nasa offers it for free. Just search for spot the station. 
I had said that all the time in real life before that episode, and now I say it double since that episode. 
That was the first thing that came to my mind. Repaging /u/GovSchwarzenegger  
Not very. Rules in video games can be realistic, but are always different from the real world in a lot of ways. I've seen astronauts play KSP, and they often overthink things or just aren't familiar with video game controls and the building mechanics.  
They don't expect to strap you to a rocket and have you come back safely unless you're wicked smart.  
Sign me up. Been waiting all day to punch someone in the face.  
"Fighting words" is real thing. Especially when you call one of the bravest men of that generation a "coward" in front of their family. 
Man, if you made a movie where the mom was called 'Moon' and she was born in the year of the first American powered flight, and her son went to the Moon, people would say "Yeah, thanks for hamming that up, dude. Way to go being obnoxiously sappy".  It was written in the stars! 
Frank Borman, commander of Apollo 8, met Carl Sagan and didn't have a good story about him. Apparently Sagan invited Borman and his wife to his house in 1969 where he and his students orchestrated an attack on Borman regarding the Vietnam war per Borman's book. 
Maybe you too could, one day, look back at Mother Earth and think "I follow the right man's example!" 
When you arrived on the moon, was the people who lived there very friendly, or was they scared of you? 
I could point out all the impossibilities and disregard of orbital mechanics in that movie, that didn't keep me from watching it 5 times. 
If you can get to Russia, they give 2 seater MiG 25 flights out there for a frwction of what Virgin Galactic is supposed to charge per flight. I think they get up to about 85K feet, enough to see black sky and the curvature of the Earth. 
The population of Earth tripled in my dad's lifetime 
Imagine thousands of news anchors worldwide reading the name "Poopieheadsavant" off of cue cards and teleprompters, all trying to keep a straight face while addressing their viewers. Poopieheadsavant would be a legend. All hail Poopieheadsavant, space hero of the world. 
Perhaps he is implying that by the time we are trying to colonize Mars, there will already be a base on the moon.  I think that will have to happen in order to get the experience and knowledge needed for a Mars trip. 
They left experiments and discarded hardware but nothing meant to be reused by a future mission. Apollo 12 did land near a Surveyor probe to study how it aged on the moon, but nothing more. 
As someone who has a Frank Sinatra ish voice, I'll see what I can do. 
Pretty sure he's got the orbital mechanics down... Since he helped develop some of the practices that NASA used 
According to Wikipedia, 66 combat missions in Korea, during which he shot down two enemy planes. Definitely not a man with a courage deficit. 
Imagine what a whiney fuck he must have been as a teenager.   I bet even his *parents* felt he had it coming.   "honey, why does it take having to be punched in the face by the greatest living American hero for you to stop annoying everyone?"  It's like one level below getting punched and called a dick by Superman.  
He's a hero from a bygone era, an era where most upstanding men would punch a bastard in the mouth for being a bastard, but he's the kind of guy who would have been considered a cut above the rest even then.  
Not just that, apparently the guy had tricked Aldrin into flying all the way over to the hotel. He was expecting a role in a kids TV special and was met with a bunch of conspiracy nuts. 
No MIG-25's are flying now. If you find a site saying so it is a rip-off. The only aeroplanes in the Russian inventory which will do that now are the successor to the MIG-25, the MIG-31 interceptor. I believe they only fly from one airbase doing that too and it costs roughly 18,000USD for the privilege. Beware of being ripped off 
Gene Kranz's retelling of that story was absolutely horrifying.  Being absolutely blind in space would be unimaginably terrible. 
Everyone forgets Michael Collins, The lost hero of APOLLO 11 :( 
One day, we will be old men and women on www.reddit.mars, and asking questions on Poopieheadsavant's AMA. 
Why he said "similar to what has been done" then? This is some very weird English right there. 
Now we'll never know if ants can be trained to sort tiny screws in space! 
He couldn't get any of the small dark ones, on account of the war.  All they had were the big light gray ones.   
"Yeah, yeah, I know you walked on the moon and all, but can you keep it short and snappy, pal?  Lol tl;dr, amirite?" 
He might even be too advanced for the game, due to KSP not supporting N-body physics. Come to think of it, he'd probably be really good. 
Wow, just when I thought I couldn't hate that cock stain more you go and tell me that.  
Nope, just a white-dude computer programmer. But back when I was paying my dues working tech support people used to occasionally tell me that on the phone, and it  kind of lodged in the back of my brain. Maybe I'll try my hand at some side work, haha... 
I love how everyone acts like tha AMAees (that's the technical term right?) can't read past level-1 comments. 
And at the time, the loneliest human in existence. He was further away from the next human that anyone had ever been before. Plus, he lost radio communication for a good while, too, when he went behind the moon. 
I wonder witch toilet I will be sitting on then, hopefully it will be a nursing home on Mars with an amazing view. And I will probably ignore the view, because you know, Reddit. 
What a weird phenomenon. As I was typing it I definitely was thinking I was getting a little Gary Larceny in my phrasing. 
Now, to take the ferry cost a nickel, and in those days, nickels had pictures of bumblebees on 'em. "Gimme five bees for a quarter," you'd say.  
I think that he would figure out that the game is using a patched conic approximation and know how to plan accordingly. It's safe to assume that Buzz is good at rocket science. 
Scott'd be all like "relativity" and God would be like "snrk". 
Hey man, go easy on the cock stains.. They are no way as bad as this douche..  
Another Reddit success story in the making, people! :D 
If that was your life goal, I word definitely call that affordable. 20k + ~3~k to get to Russia, basically something like 25k for a one week vacation, the middle of which has you leaving earth. That's insanely cheap imo.  
I just can't imagine that kind of total isolation. Creepy. 
It shows how remarkable the man was that after being assassinated in 1922, he was able to become an astronaut and fly to the Moon 47 years later.  Not a bad achievement for a 78 year old dead man. 
Its not all that bad. In a drunken conversation a friend and I concluded that Collins was most likely the first person to fap in space, being all alone in that command module with routine 45+ minute periods of radio silence as he was on the far side of the moon.  
My story begins in nineteen-dickety-nine. We had to say dickety because the soviets had stolen our word sixty. I chased that rascal all the way to the moon to get it back, but gave up after dickety-six missions.  
I just put that in my edit as I was reading! Crazy thing to get exactly what you wished for. 
They should have realized they were going to be overbooked once the initial check-in closed and by the time everyone got to the gate they could have made an announcement. I feel like people would have been more likely to volunteer to be bumped at the gate rather than when they're already settled into their seats on the plane. 
AMA Request Someone to Discuss Their Legal Case.  Good luck with that. 
Stupid question but is the $850 to find a flight or do they reschedule and you get to keep the $850? 
When I was 12 years old, I took the plane with my 15 year old brother. On the runway, he got stung by a bee on the neck and immediately had an allergic reaction. They stopped the airplane and had an ambulance come and bring him to the hospital. I was left alone in the airplane after being bumped to first class. First and last time I sat in first class. 
It really depends how it comes out. The people who physically man-handled him were law enforcement and not United employees. So if anything he can charge them, but we all know how law enforcement seems to take a slap on the hand for most incidents.   I'd be interested to see how his lawyers word it specifically to go after both of them.  
Generally speaking it is not purely random.  If he was traveling with family they wouldn't keep the family on the plane and drag him off.  If he had top tier status, they wouldn't have dragged him off either.  If he bought the cheapest ticket, had no status, had other flights to choose from - then it would put him more into the "person to be taken off the plane" category. 
Inb4 the Daily Mail reports that he was arrested twice for money laundering and secretly owns an international prostitution ring. 
Exactly. Just up the offer until someone bites. Instead, they did this. Idiots. 
Is it $800 plus they book you on a different flight free of charge? If not, not worth it.  
It's televised in Asia too. My family in Hong Kong called and asked my parents about it. 
Incompetence.  Overbooking happens a lot but it should be dealt with before boarding.  They know if the flight is overbooked before boarding because passengers have to check in before boarding begins, therefore they should have been able to tell that the flight was overbooked before boarding ever began. 
I'd like to announce that I'm officially boycotting United. Granted, I had no plans to book a flight in the near future and probably couldn't afford it to begin with, but by god I'm boycotting those sons of bitches. 
Probably very little or nothing    -airline pilot  
I read somewhere he was chinese buuut I've noticed 'Chinese' tends to be the default for 'asian person'. Looking at the video, he actually does look a lot like my late Korean grandfather. :( 
I think it was one part the bystander effect and second, the fact that people thought that if they intervened, they would probably be thrown off for intervening, which is a more reasonable scenario that *shitty airline lottery winner*. 
It's not really something that happens in Europe, this is the first time ive really heard about something like this actually happening and I've flew over Europe a lot.  
It looks like it was announced at the gate but no one wanted to give up their spot. I'm amazed they even boarded the plane without figuring out the situation beforehand. 
Nah man it's just an easy karma grab. It's like people who patrol YouTube for the brand new h3h3 or primitive tech video to immediately post it and then gets on their soapbox in the comments to add some instagram-like caption to the post.  
Go look at the top all-time AMAs on the sub and tell us again how it's not for serious topics. 
No. He should be all over Facebook, Twitter, etc. but in a way as directed by his attorneys. The more public it is the more United is going to suffer. 
~~*As a lawyer*~~    As someone who has watched ALL of Suits.. 
They reschedule you on a different flight (you already paid for a ticket that they are essentially voiding, so they have to give you a replacement. You get $850 on top of that to book a future flight with United.  Source: my girlfriend and I received $650 in flight vouchers each, $25 in airport dining vouchers each, and an upgrade to economy plus for volunteering to give up our seats on an over booked plane. All we had to do was wait an hour for the next flight.  So in the end, we got a free round trip to anywhere in the US (and possibly nearby countries) with the $650 in vouchers, dinner and a couple of beers, and extra leg room just for putting off going to Cancun for an hour. Obviously, the new flight we took was just given to us since we had already paid for a flight to Cancun.   Sometimes United gives out pretty good deals. 
That guys story is worth negative tens of millions of dollars, at least, to united. They don't need to pay him not to sue, they need to pay him not to go on a tour of late night shows telling his story.  
The next time he's running behind schedule his patients better remember that time he got his ass whooped trying to get back to them. 
and generally it is done before they're on the dang plane. whoever checked in last is by far a better way to do it, this was a huge fail even before he got dragged off.  
i think he referred to pregnant women as human submarines. 
Doctor makes 3 hard working young white Americans carry him off a plane after spilling tomato soup all over his face and shirt.  
You ALWAYS get another flight regardless of how much compensation given. The required compensation for an involuntary bump is 2x the ticket price up to $650, 4x up to $1350 if it takes over an hour for another plane. They always offer lower because then you'll settle for less. 
$800 and a hotel.  I'm going to start booking flights after I've asked if they're full. I want a sweet hotel stay and extra cash. 
In other news united flights are still going out full  
Exactly. I like to think I would say something but I would be terrified of being treated the same! No one truly knows what they would do until in that situation.  
Once the police are involved, stay the hell out of it.  Take videos, make complaints, but do it all after the fact.  Same goes for your own interactions with police.  When the cop is about to beat your ass, you shouldn't start screaming that you know your rights.  Save that for after the beating ends or else the beating may not end as soon as you would like. 
Believe me, it happens in Europe but you normally don't have it happen on board, just in the gate area. When it happened on my flights, it was always when I had to be somewhere so I didn't volunteer. Others always did though and were compensated. 
It sounds like the initial message at the gate was for one seat; the demand for four came after boarding. 
I'm guessing he kept his seat fully upright and did not try to establish armrest dominance over his neighbor. 
The biggest contributing factor is selling more seats than the plane has.  
That's United's problem, not the passenger's. I don't really think it matters that he was a doctor, United still didn't handle this correctly.  
Best I can do is a voucher with a 1 year expiry and black outs. 
You're underestimating the PR value of this guy being bound to confidentiality and non-disparagement as part of the settlement. Right now he could cause millions in damage to United's brand by going on every big news program in the country and having that video played repeatedly, then going on a Delta commercial as their new customer experience advisor. (Look what Sprint did with the Verizon guy) 
Everyone reading this announcement has been charged an announcement fee. 
Not to mention the appointments he possibly had to cancel. Doctors' time is valuable as shit.   As shit as in modifying the intensity of the value very upward. Not literal shit.   And literal meaning actually literally, not figuratively literally as is colloquially common.  
You're allowed to sue more than one person for an incident. They're all going to be in the list of defendants. 
I think that title is still held by Elon musk. Not only able to become a supervillan, but probably the greatest one of all time if he switched to be evil... 
It is sad that you have to have money to win in court against a big company.  Also, I think he may be asian? 
I read that any and all evidence posted online will be taken to court. If the doctor himself speaks up before the hearing, it might mess up the case as words from victim will probably be taken to be true. 
It should be going down, since the bidders are receiving 
Which is why I would be interested to see how they draw it up. 
I can imagine him never letting it down.  "Samantha, you're 5 minutes late."  "Doc, I'm really sorry, there was this traff-"  "You know Samantha, I was beaten off a plane and still made it on time" 
That $800 tends to be an $800 voucher for another flight, not cash. As someone who's had to take that before, it's not actually worth it.  
I wanted to boycott, but the United flight was $7 cheaper. 
Yeah, good point. No one knows what they would do until they are there. I would also like to think that I would have given up my seat. Depends on why you were flying too. Depends on so many things! 
Sorry little Suzie. You can see your Mom when you catch the next flight tomorrow.  
Alternately, he could have reclined and armrest dominated all he wanted because no one would mess with him after seeing what happened to the last guy who tried that... 
Can you imagine if it had been the UA employee that had taken his seat? 
Overbooking happens all over the place.  I worked in a fancy hotel a few years ago, and they'd always overbook by about 1% of their total occupancy. From what I understand, their statistics showed them that, on average, about 1% of rooms were no-shows. So you have a choice - overbook by that percentage, or just let it happen and potentially not make money on those spots.  When it happened, people were usually irritated (and rightly so), but the hotel would take care of them. They'd put them in a competitor's hotel for the night, free of charge, and if they were staying for multiple days they would upgrade their room. Again, free of charge.  I don't think the issue is with overbooking, it's with how they handled it when no one was interested in giving up their spot. 
I'm ok with the practice - better to oversell and make use of the no-show seats than to sell exact inventory and fly around empty chairs.  But if that is going to be the yield optimization strategy, they need to manage demand by buying back inventory to meet the surplus demand.  In the same way that we have to pay outrageous prices when demand is high, they should have to pay outrageous prices when they need a seat back.  They should keep sweetening the pot until someone voluntarily takes the offer.  Then you have no problem at all and everyone who wants to travel gets to travel. 
It's a 4 and a half hour drive.  Put the employees in a car.  Would have been cheaper and faster. 
Just hope you don't get selected by United's beat-down lotto and get the shit kicked out of you on your free flight. 
"Hi you might recognize me as the guy beaten unconscious on a United Airlines Flight because I refused to give up my seat when I was already on the plane when they overbooked. I'm here to tell you That Delta Airlines will never, ever, ever, ever, EVER assault you for them overbooking their own flights. Have a nice flight with Delta!" 
haha I said the same thing - I find it comforting actually, because it makes me that much more certain this person is actually an attorney  
Everyone reading the announcement fee announcement has also been charged.  
All of which can be derived from reddit colloquial context but an enjoyable read nonetheless  
Correct. There will probably be between 10 and 15 corporate and government defendants in that lawsuit.  
Didn't Google remove their "do no evil" from their code of conduct? 
Yea the doctor was Asian, not white. That shouldn't really matter though.  
Yeah, I realized that after typing it but don't feel like fixing it. 
but did he make it on time? I mean he was determine to stay on the plane to be on time, so it's more "I was beaten off a plane and still didn't make it on time. Things Happen." 
Depends on the airline and which city the flight is departing from. Delta gives out $800 Amex gift cards as a starting offer from JFK and LAX.  
If your taking a flight somewhere, chances are you really want to get to wherever the flight is going. I can't imagine anyone on the plane was just taking a flight for fun.  
And then he'll file for disability due to the trauma he suffered. And get it. Source: remember that guy that pepper sprayed the college students? That's how that story ended.  
If were sitting next to the guy who bumped off the doctor I would get a double clamato and accidently spill it on him right at belly button height so it ruins both shirt, pants, plus he gets to sit there with a damp crotch for the flight.  I would be sure to note that the airline must have overfilled the drink, and apologize for the "overfilling situation". 
do you want to get murdered? because thats how you get murdered.  
*"Sorry sir, it is your fault we overbooked and nobody took our generous offer of a turkey club sandwich. However if you don't get off the plane we're going to go Malxon X on you"*.  No, the guy above is right. If you build your empire upon overbooking, you can't blame a customer when everyone shows up. Even worse, its for people on standby. United is run by an imbecile and someone is going to get fired for 'following orders'. 
"I'm sorry United. This seat is now worth 10,000$ on the open market." 
Uh ...which airport is that from? I might want to uh purchase a seat or two. And what would be the busiest flight of the day to start with? 
This is not just overbooking a flight.  They BOARDED these passengers, and THEN decided they needed to get off the plane to make room for United employees (who must not have been wearing leggings). 
They didn't do a good job incentivizing giving up seats. When agents are positive, offer more earlier, people tend to give up their seats.  I wasn't there but I wonder after they offered the $800, of they explained they needed to get employees on the flight and that was just FAA regulations. Also why didn't they prevent the people from taking the flights.  It's much easier to bar people from the gate than to forcefully take them off. 
Yeah. United needs a lesson on how the Free Market works. Sounds like they had a plane load of people where all of those people thought their seats were worth at least $800. And they need to start dealing in REAL MONEY. Not this credit BS. What if I can't fly in the next year??  It's exactly what the airlines do to us when we need a seat at the last minute. OH! you need to get to your destination with 6 hours notice? That'll be an extra $800, thanks! Except now they want to do it to us at literally the last second and also want to be stingy about it.  
And potentially pass up the chance to fuck someone up?  No way! 
You joke about it, but that would be a fantastic use of Delta's marketing dollars.  
I think the airline employee didnt realize that someone will oppose this.  Years and years of authoritative and herding handling of people by the airlines has made us very docile like sheep, he just didnt think he would have anything to worry about. 
No the important thing is huge publicity and a major multinational company. This means any of you tier 1 law firms will take this case on contingency.  
Someone watches too much porn.   Or..   Not enough? 
Note to self: schedule all flights through JFK and LAX from now on. 
"Oh no!!!  It's so damp you may get rheumatism!!!  Please help!!! Anyone!! Is there a doctor on board!?!?!??!" 
If Southwest Airlines doesn't make one of those "Wanna get away?" commercials out of that scenario then they are just stupid.   
Flight  $490   Injury  $  0   Insult  $  0    --------------   settlement- $1.95M    
My thoughts exactly, they probably had a strict limit on voluntary/involuntary compensation, heaven forbid they lose the cost of a seat or two. I bet they respond with "It's not consistent with our policy and the employee handling the incident has been terminated." When in reality, they were following SOP. 
Yeah, but honestly, it *could* be - if everyone on that flight has urgent reasons to be where they are going, they may not want to give up their seat for quite a bit.  Instead of beating people up who don't want to give up their seat, the airline should be forced to deal with their mistake and pony up whatever it takes to resolve the situation. It should be considered the risk for overbooking. 
My Uncle used to do this at LaGuardia all the time, because he lived like 5 miles from the airport.  He would buy tickets for a vacation trip during a peak time, when airlines were always forced to bump people - if he gets to go on time, great!  If not, $1000 and a voucher for a free hotel, he goes home and sleeps in his own bed, and is on the flight the next day to try again. 
If they really wanted to up their game they'd treat is as an auction. Get people excited about the possibility. I imagine doing it in an energetic forthcoming way would built excitement, rather than resentment. 
What a restaurant wont do is take you in, sit you down, take your order, and then send in security to beat you if you don't "volunteer" surrendering your table. That is essentially what this airline did (oh, also making the example bad-- you've already paid!).  Also as you've mentioned the restaurant example is indeed bad because you can generally find alternative service quickly. 
They said they needed them for to be in Louisville the next day for the Monday flight.    The 2 hour flight delay plus the length of the flight works out to be about the same. 
If I worked for a rival airline's marketing department I would be trying to buy the rights to the video of the incident and getting the guy to be our new spokesperson while showing the video in the background of them dragging his body off the plane. The man is a doctor and that kind of money could expand his practice and let him help more people. At the very least it should pay off his med school debt. 
Persons who can see the announcements but cannot read them will be charged an illiteracy fee. 
I know, but I wouldn't be a Redditor if I wasnt picking on someone for some minor point that has no real significance.  
Then send those employees on another flight, on another airline. For 4 employees they were willing to pay $800 each to bump. For that $3200, they could have hired a private charter plane. 
The problem is that the strategy of overbooking and then compensating people that get bumped have to go hand in hand. You can't just do the overbooking and then cheap out on the compensation. If you're unwilling to pay enough to get people to voluntarily give up the flight they bought, then maybe overbooking that much isn't actually a good decision.  It's like mining companies that want to use cheaper, sloppier mining practices and then not pay for the cleanup. It's a package decision, you can't be allowed to just take money by screwing everyone else over.  
Well now it's also assault and battery. Yeah. United, good luck with that. 
Maybe nothing YOU can do about it. Not me, no sir, I do something about it every chance I get. I leave adult magazines in the seat back pocket! Get fucked airlines! 
This is probably the best take I have read on this all day.  
And if they complain about not getting what they bought, you can send some government thugs to beat them senseless 
No, all of the arguments against it are essentially: but it's difficult for the airline! 
Reverse auction.  Start high and go down til there is just one taker. 
He is 69, hopefully his med school debt was paid off years ago. 
Amazingly, it started the day off about .75 but rebounded... what the fuck is the market thinking? that this is the start of something good for united?  "The beatings will continue until passenger morale improves" sounds like an awesome long term strategy 
I better just go dig myself a hole to live in now... 
Yeah, you hit the nail on the head there brother.  This should be our new motto. 
I'm not defending the airline's actions. Just saying the employees taking the seats are not at fault. Absolutely I think the airline should've kept upping* the price. Obviously $800 wasn't where demand was at.  
You can literally optimize this and know exactly what your max payout can be versus the (potential) cost 
No man that's covered under the section 2.3 "any passanger can be beaten til unconscious by up to 4 police officers at at the will of any united airline managment with out repercussion"  
They could've sent their employees on a competitor's flight last minute (assuming that was even an option with the blizzard) or dramatically upped the cash incentive for giving up your seat for less than the cost of this blow up.  
Knowing how they used to do things, he probably paid that off by the time he was 30. 
Maybe the effects haven't really hit yet. Maybe once there's a big legal case, or a more widespread social media effect? 
You have been charged a pre-account termination fee. 
This seems like a quite coherent r/subredditsimulator post, even with context. 
I seldom start a war like that, but when I do, I'm prepared to take it all the fucking way to the end. 
But they don't account for the cost of the black swan events that make a publicity nightmare. Like that time there was video of them dragging a bloodied doctor off the plane. 
I agree.  And in cash money, not credit to fly on the same airline that you are already super angry with 
This is a perfect way to illustrate how stupid it is for people to point to the T&C as if they have any significant legal bearing  
I'm not sure why people are defending the airline so much instead of the consumers. 
Doctors are still typically in residency or just getting out at that point so not 30.  Graduate highschool at 18  Graduate college at 22  Graduate med school at 26  Residency is 3-7 years  So in a perfect world with no delay you start earning actual money at around 30 
No, I believe the stock is up because investors are happy that the planes are full and overbooked.   "Dang, United is selling so many seats they have to beat people up to keep them off the planes, I better get in on this while they're hot" - United Investors Today 
I haven't seen any concrete proposal on how you would do the regulation. I think it is worth discussing because I share the view of Musk and Hawking that when a few people control a platform with extreme intelligence it creates dangers in terms of power and eventually control. 
It is worth learning how to read a bit faster. I am not sure what the best course for that is nowadays. I had a friend who took Evelyn Wood and told me what they said.  I have a rule that I always finish a book once I start it. This might now work for everyone. I only read 2 books at a time - in fact usually just one unless one of them is so complex I need to mix things up. I read a lot at night and my biggest problem is that I stay up to late and regret it the next day when I haven't had as much sleep as I would like. 
I am concerned about biological tools that could be used by a bioterrorist. However the same tools can be used for good things as well.  Some people think Hoverboards were bad because they caught on fire. I never got to try one. 
Microsoft and others are working on quantum computing. It isn't clear when it will work or become mainstream. There is a chance that within 6-10 years that cloud computing will offer super-computation by using quantum. It could help use solve some very important science problems including materials and catalyst design. 
I think it shows Satya looking at how the market is changing and being willing to change how things have been done. His embrace of the cloud and mobile including doing software on other people's mobile platforms are also great examples of that. 
I agree that our schools have not improved as much as we want them to. There are a lot of great teachers but we don't do enough to figure out what they do so well and make sure others benefit from that. Most teachers get very little feedback about what they do well and what they need to improve including tools that let them see what the exemplars are doing.  Technology is starting to improve education. Unfortunately so far it is mostly the motivated students who have benefited from it. I think we will get tools like personalized learning to all students in the next decade.   A lot of the issue is helping kids stay engaged. If they don't feel the material is relevant or they don't have a sense of their own ability they can check out too easily. The technology has not done enough to help with this yet. 
The problem of how we prevent a small group of terrorists using nuclear or biological means to kill millions is something I worry about. If Government does their best work they have a good chance of detecting it and stopping it but I don't think it is getting enough attention and I know I can't solve it.  I love both sushi and thai food. Since I like them better than my family does I have them for lunch a lot. 
I love my work. I love meeting the scientists and field workers. I have the flexibility to work less if I wanted to and I do take vacations now. When I was in my 20's I didn't believe in vacation so I have mellowed. I feel super lucky that I can be involved in the Foundation work with Melinda for another 30 years assuming my health holds up. 
Sometimes you just get very lucky based on the configuration. I forget the exact time but I think I had a time below 10 when it was just right. 
I think robots that have vision and manipulation as good as humans is a huge milestone that will happen in the next decade and is being underestimated.  I think medical advances will also be amazing and unbelievable. Like the robots some of the capabilities like gene editing will bring challenges with them. 
I think the value of getting a great education - that is going to college - is easy to underestimate. The most interesting jobs require a college education. The STEM related jobs are probably the most interesting although they are not for everyone. The value of staying curious - reading a lot and learning new things even after college is also underestimated. 
Pirates of Silicon Valley was a reasonable recapitulation of the early days of the PC industry.  I don't jump chairs at all now. Maybe I should since when I go snow skiing with my kids I need more exercise so I don't get tired by the end of the day.  I use the latest version of Windows - always updated Windows 10. 
I'll be interested in this answer as I sit on my porch in 72 degree weather in the northeast 
I think there needs to be a discussion about when the government should be able to gather information. What if we had never had wiretapping? Also the government needs to talk openly about safeguards. Right now a lot of people don't think the government has the right checks to make sure information is only used in criminal situations. So this case will be viewed as the start of a discussion. I think very few people take the extreme view that the government should be blind to financial and communication data but very few people think giving the government carte blanche without safeguards makes sense. A lot of countries like the UK and France are also going through this debate. For tech companies there needs to be some consistency including how governments work with each other. The sooner we modernize the laws the better. 
VR is the extreme case of AR when nothing from the real world gets mixed in. It can be tricky if you are walking around that you might run into things. Mixed systems which seems like VR but when you might hit something it shows you that seem better than pure VR. So I don't think these two things will stay as separate as they are now. 
You are correct! I would put it at the top. Deciding to work on software was a good decision but that just crept up on me rather than being some choice. 
I think it looks easier in retrospect than it did at the time. People thought we were a bit crazy - even leaders in the industry like Ken Olsen said they didn't need a computer at home. Being young allowed us to think about computers in a different way.  Today the challenge is to make computers more intelligent. Software still doesn't understand what thing I should pay attention to next - in fact the proliferation of various tools like texting and email and notifications mean the user has a lot of complexity to deal with. Eventually the software will understand what you should pay attention to by knowing the context and learning about your preferences. 
Bill Gates might not answer this, but Steve Jobs was on record saying, ""Doing LSD was one of the two or three most important things I have done in my life."  
At least we know he'll never have to buy reddit gold for himself! 
 How did this even work? You passed the classes you didn't attend? 
Follow up question: do you think calling them Hoverboards should be outlawed until they actually hover? 
I recently saw a company working on "robotic" surgery where the ability to work at small scales was stunning. The idea that this will make surgeries higher quality, faster and less expensive is pretty exciting. It will probably take a decade before this gets mainstream - to date it has mostly been used for prostate surgery.  In the Foundation work there are a lot of tools we are working on we don't have yet. For example an implant to protect a woman from getting HIV because it releases a protective drug.  
Embrace the cloud! Be as one with the cloud!  All hail the glow cloud! All hail! All hail! 
I'm a PhD student at UC Berkeley working on optimal ways to employ mobile units for nuclear threat detection but it's hard to get funding in this area and I might have to move to a different project with more fundings soon. Have you thought about including grants for this type of project in your Foundation?  
Cool I have the same computer as the riches man in the world.   
$1K = 1 life saved? Astounding that more people aren't jumping on board with efforts like this. Thanks for all you do, sir! 
That's always confused me about that statement. If you're on the clock/salary you're getting paid regardless so of course you'd pick it up. If you're off the clock, you're not getting paid, so you might as well pick it up as well. 
Thank you for writing this :-) I am currently a senior in high and I am involved with the stem program but I still have yet to see a lot of the graduates from it. 
I think a lot people need to realize how restrictive being president is. You are tied down by congress, approval ratings along with a bunch of other factors. 
Ah, the (Cartoon) Lex Luthor answer.      Edited for clarification of comic book universes. 
Did you install Windows 10 on purpose or did it sneak it's way in like on everyone else's? 
Programming does help you think logically. I was obsessed with programming from age 14 to 19 and that is a good time to keep trying to improve. 
Valve's Chaperone system is already a version of that. 
Just one Empire should do. I'm more interested in the Age of the Empires though. If we could have just one more rendition :) we would be so happy! 
I think you did - sorry I can't deliver an Empire (or an Age) easily. 
It's true that we have devices very similar to what I described in my essay (can I get a prior-art patent on Google Glass?), but it's not quite there yet! 
He's secretly buying himself gold to tuck with you guys. 
I studied super hard during reading period and almost always got A's. The big exception was organic chemistry where the promised video tapes of the lectures sometimes had no sound or no video - that spooked me and I ended up getting a C+ in the course! 
I am not Bill Gates and am just a lowly redditor but yes I believe that. The "Hoverboards" we have now are just segways without handles. 
I've watched the da Vinci robot for general surgeries a lot and it is a significant improvement 
True PhD student begging for grant money right here.  I've been there, but as an undergrad working on a Surgeon's prototype device. 
Cool I have a *better* computer than the richest man in the world.  
Yeah, that's actually amazing to hear. I kind of glossed over that reading it the first time. I'd like to know more about what exactly that means, and if it's as good as it sounds. 
Literally just Cost of operating the program responsible for saving lives/Number of lives saved as a result of the program.  It doesn't mean spending $1000 will save a life, it means that a life was saved for every $1000 the program spent. 
Ok, maybe he'd save 39 lives and buy some killer sushi 
There's a lot more to being president than just running the US, which is why the people who would be the best at running the country aren't always elected. 
It's funny to hear billionaires talking about each other like pals.  
My computer did that last night while I was sleeping. I feel violated. 
Well, you pretty much did start the postindustrial age, so... 
 It's a direct port (with no networking) that only runs on linux (afaik) vs an HD remake that does have networking and runs on windows.  
Ive never thought of this application for something like google glass.  A real time speech to text displayed on Glass would be a fantastic app and would be great as a translator as well, like a real world babel fish 
*Hey, guess what I did today?*  *What?*  *I gave Bill Gates gold*  *Like...actual gold?*  *No, reddit gold*  *What's reddit gold?*  *It's... nevermind*  
But the internet told me you were a high school dropout who smoked weed and made mixtapes. 
I think it would still be something worth taking into account. It is hard to tell how long takeoff will take (it could be anything between minutes and centuries). It should better be as slow as possible. 
I finished Reddit when it was called Digg. I won't spoil it, but the ending is very disappointing. 
On some dimensions yet, on others no.  The quality outcomes are (so far) indistinguishable, and I have yet to talk to a cancer center or gen surg department where they concluded that it saved them money. Definitely not for cardiothoracic yet either.  What it *does* do is let them compete for younger doctors who were trained on it straight out of residency and are more comfortable with it, and for patients who would otherwise go to the hospital on the other side of town because that one has the robot, and you don't. 
All cloud storage is is storage with an external access point.  Turn that off, your back to local storage! 
This is completely normal, and it's really astonishing that in spite of so much research, this is the form of education we still utilize. 
A billionaire expressed concern about a topic he/she is directly involved in... It would be foolish not to take a shot! 
Lol @ people making excuses in response. No one says hard work = billionaire. But hard work = you achieving the highest level of success you can.  If you don't care, that's fine. I define success as getting what you want. If you don't want anything buddha-style, more power to you.  
Careful, I'm sure Bill also has a better computer than a Surface Book at his disposal. I made an inclusive statement. ;) 
A lot of people think that things that aren't 50/50s are though, and they basically pick random tiles with that mindset and lose 90% of their games. 
There are still a lot of really low hanging fruits like mosquito nets and better access to clean water that cost relatively little, but drastically reduce exposure to malaria and cholera and similar diseases. That a life costs only $1000 also reminds us how unequal the living conditions on our planet really are. 
I work at a related facility. If we ever do a video demo, I'm going to see what I can do to make a spoof like this happen but I have little power there, so don't count on it.  
If Bill Gates is a billionaire, shouldn't Warren Buffet be a warrenionaire? 
Yeah what the heck is going on...mine planned it for today, but I put it off to the latest date available, which was Friday. 
You expend your great person when you boost production&research this way. 
I still have flashbacks to the deathmatch rush wars of paladins slaughtering my villagers and I haven't played in 10 years.   It was by far the most complex team-oriented skill-requiring game ever.  I still fantasize about programming a new version of the game but 3D modelling, animation, art is so fucking hard and I don't want it to look like Empire Earth. 
Still, the fact that it's open source means that anyone could port it to windows, add content, functions like networking, and more.  Not me, but anyone can. 
I like how people say things like "Oh Bill Gates and Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard" as if they flunked out. No they were actually acing super hard courses and left because they had better things to with their time. 
Writers really did drop the ball with that season finale there. 
This comment makes me want to be a better man... So that I'll have health insurance and can be a fucking slob.  
This is what makes Reddit amazing. One of the richest philanthropists in the world mentions a problem he is concerned with, and within an hour someone that is working of that exact problem can directly ask him if he wants to help with a solution. In the past the student likely wouldn't have known, and if he did, had an approximately 0% chance of ever having the opportunity to even ask the question. Truly amazing.  
The computer that runs his house is probably better than mine :( 
I'm pretty sure word billionaire comes from his name 
That's why you need to play more to get more experience. Also, whenever you notice any pattern that crops up from time to time that you *don't* know the probabilities for - take a minute and work it out (even just ballparking it is better than nothing). There are plenty of patterns that are you won't see *every* game, but still pop up often enough that it's worthwhile to figure them out. It'll kill your time for that one game, but it'll help every future game. 
Yes I agree with you. My scores are basically identical to yours. I am just saying, bill clearly didn't mean 10 seconds for expert. 
The prints aren't doing shit here, it's the OCR thats reading the game  state with a screenshot that is taking the most time here. 
Effective altruism goes a lot further though.   A central question they typically ask themselves is   "How much more good can I do in the position I am in when compared to the next best candidate?".   Answering this question truthfully will for most people imply that instead of pursuing a conventional altruistic career one should rather choose a well-paying career option - one that is typically chosen by selfish individuals - and give to charity. Not only because it brings in more money one can then donate, but also due to the net win for charitable purposes when comparing the outcome of you taking the job vs the job being taken by a selfish person. 
I was always curious as to why I was always hungry. Thanks college.  
Brb I just put that game case away. Let me see if I can find it. 
This is real life. In reality the Great Person isnt expended, he *keeps going* 
I didn't plan on sleeping much tonight before reading your username. 
Also these are people of the caliber of having gotten into a place like Harvard in the first place. 
And sometimes they even turn on us and attack our healthy parts! 
THE Billionaire, philanthropist, genius... Is Bill Iron Man? 
"Hey Cortana?..."  "*Yes Mr. Gates*"  "God damn it I told you to call me Bill! One more time an you got back to being called Jarvis" 
I, along with many of you, spent much time clicking on numbered boxes with my fingers crossed. I'd like to think all the time spent increased some sort of mental skill of mine. But it didn't, I'm not very smart. 
this.  you gotta get accepted to Harvard before you can drop out of Harvard.  At least I think that's how it works.  I went to a state school. 
None of these drop outs started a multi-billion company, they started small start-up based on some idea they had. The multi-billion part is just a consequence of hard work, good ideas and a bit of luck. 
There are some billionaires and then there is a guy worth SEVENTY billion.  Also, there are some billionaires and then there are those who are dedicated to philanthropy.  You dig? 
I'm trying to imagine cortanas voice being replaced with a gruff 40 year old trucker names Jarvis  "Jarvis, remind me to buy milk"  "Aw. Jeez bite me" 
What if he's the one giving Bill the reddit gold because he knows he'll get one or more reddit gold for doing it? 
Bad luck Brian:   AI makes a bunch of friends for you.   Shares porn links to them all after you've gained their trust.  
I have not laughed this hard in a while.   This whole thing is genius.    
Number 1: Flo the Progressive Insurance lady, Number 2: Aristotle 
Witcher 3, because I got to have sex on a unicorn. When that game comes out in VR, you'll never see me again. 
You are very wise to ask me.  I'm not a doctor.  Next time you're not feeling well just bite into a glow stick and suck it down.  
I met my wife while filming a remote on my show. And that's interesting moment #28.   The most interesting moment was a cooking segment with Jerry Orbach. 
I seriously asked them to explain many times and they never did. I was fervently looking forward to making out with a beautiful Mexican actress and they made me a pompous asexual cheese merchant. I am honestly very angry about this.  
Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns. (Mr. Burns) 
When you watch the segment tonight, you'll realize that even when I'm seriously trying to wrestle, I'm still doing comedy.  
For a show like "Made in Mexico", we really wanted to make sure we struck the right balance between being funny, but also being culturally sensitive and attuned to how people were feeling there. We really did want the star to be the Mexican people, and I feel good about the result. 
I started dyeing it when I was 15. So I'm way ahead of the curve. My true hair color is jet black, and my real name is Blaze Falcon (I'm just babbling now).  
Nopales. It's cactus with cheese on it. It instantly cured me of my 25 year impotence. 
It's like Charlie Brown, Lucy, and the football. I believe in my heart one day he'll do the right thing.  
Thanks for remembering my favorite remote of all time. Sometimes late at night I think about the young woman Nell and how we were supposed to be together but sadly we were born 150 years apart.  
If you're future wife is anything like mine she'll insist on taking out the part of the vows where you promise to honor and obey your husband.  Try really hard to get that part back in.   
Mayonnaise, corn starch and embalming fluid.  Bake at 125 degrees for 1 hour.  
It does fit. I do not wear it at the office at all; I wear it at home, and to the gym at Venice beach.  
See my previous answer about the penis covered stegosaurus. 
True story: I met Jack and Meg in a bowling alley in Detroit in 1999 while shooting a remote. They were part of a group of people that came over and hung out. Later, they became famous and told me they were part of the group that were chatting and drinking beers all night. I totally lucked out. Since then, I just hang out in bowling alleys looking for future rock stars. 
I was in this scenario two years ago. I wounded one before nine of them took me down and ripped the flesh from my bones with their baby teeth. 
My son really got me into 21 Pilots other than that my wife and I like to slow dance to John Grisham audio books.   
Riley, I yelled at you because you exceeded my 'one almond an hour' rule. That wastes water (an almond takes 1.1 gallons of water to produce). 
The Asparagus, because I could change the odor of your urine against your will.  
It's a tie between Fruit Loops and Cap'n Crunch with Crunchberries 
Thanks for calling that an incredible display. The goal I scored was so incredibly fake that I felt bad for the goalie who had to pretend to miss a ball moving at 2mph. 
Harry S. Truman. Do not screw with Harry S. Truman.  
Go to Pino's Pizza in Cleveland Circle. There's only two tables but it's the only pizza my family and I eat.  I've been going there since elementary school.  
I'd like to keep this going as long as I can. It's really fun, and at this stage in my career it feels like something new and exciting. I've always loved my job, but the one downside is being in the studio every day. The chance to travel and try my comedy out on people who speak different languages is a great joy. 
I got a complete 50/50 response on the beard. Half the people loved it, half the people hated it. Since it was my kids who hated it, it had to go. Don't fear, I still keep it in the attic with my wedding dress. 
That's a great question. What surprised me the most is how little I have to adjust. Especially in Mexico. The Mexican people are really funny and sharp, and they always got the joke instantly - and they weren't afraid to give me a hard time. I'm very comfortable being the underdog when I do remotes, and all the Mexican people I encountered were great and generous improvisors.  
Jeff Ross was molested by a puppet in 1958. When he testified in court he had to point to a human to show where the puppet touched him.  
Great idea. I'd love to do a travel show. In fact, I'm going to go shoot one in Mexico right now. It will air tonight at 10pm on TBS. Look for your name in the credits under "Idea By".  
Without intimate photos it's hard to say. I'll send you some.  
President Vicente Fox was very funny, and although he was talking about a serious issue, he came prepared almost like a comedian. He entirely caught the spirit of what we were trying to do, and he's a big part of the show. 
My father Dr. Thomas F. O'Brien who works at Brigham and Women's hospital in Boston has been working hard on this problem for decades.  He's the smartest guy I know.  He and his team have been working hard on this serious issue for a long time.   
in 40 years time we'll all be brains in jars connected to a giant server. But yes, my brain will travel the world. 
I hope he does more episodes with just him and Aaron in the future. The celebs are often funny but I like the show more as a two man deal. 
I have a scar from an appendectomy on my lower right abdomen.  I have three cats named Thor, Maow and Cleo and the only one I like is Thor.  My ATM Pin is 1494.   
I'm from Boston, and a huge Patriots fan. We had to edit out all the times I tried to kiss him. 
My favorite moment was when I threw the big pass that won the game. Or maybe that was Jimmy Hennessey.   Seriously, I went back to Brookline High School about 15 years ago, and it was so much nicer then when I was there. They actually had a sushi bar (not kidding).  I felt like I had gone to high school during the Great Depression. 
I went to the Trotsky museum; it's the house where Leon Trotsky was murdered with an ice pick. I think it's safe to say that I'm the only late night host to ever go there.  
Ah, the old classic question. I've always been a penis stegosaurus guy. 
Don't make fun of Mike Sweeney - he served our country valiantly during the Korean war. We give Mike Sweeney the same hormones they inject into old Redwoods. Currently there's a branch growing out between his shoulder blades. 
Absolutely not. The Mexican people were warm, friendly and eager to participate in the show. We spent a week there. I met thousands of people and I never felt the slightest hint of trepidation or hostility.   
In all honesty, after begging hundreds of Mexicans for donations to the wall, I did not get one single peso. 
I think there's a kind of bacteria they spray on oil spills that turn them into delicious frothy strawberry milkshakes. If that's true, that's my favorite type of bacteria.  
Thanks for being such a loyal fan! I did try the taco from stands, I did not try the vanilla ice cream. The tacos were great, but Jorge Ramos had me try a really hot sauce, and I still can't feel my teeth. 
If you look at my show since 1993, I've always made fun of the president. Trump is the president now, and I'm always going to do jokes about him. That said, the overall thrust of our humor has never been overtly political, and I still think of our show as more silly than anything else.  
I dare you to name a food that mac n cheese does not go with. 
Check your voicemail - you have 178 new messages from Progressive's marketing dept 
Have you seen the succubus? Much better than a unicorn 
And you do this for how long? Please help I have  got to get back to work 
I just watched the clip of that segment where you met your wife, it was hilarious and amazing. I hope the guy whose furniture store they were making a commercial for was invited to the wedding.  
Probably because the only people in mexico that are as pale as you are menonitas, kinda-sorta amish cheese sellers 
Ahh yeah we have Mennonites up here too. I think they're more well known in Mexico, but for any American who wants to understand the stereotype, they basically made Conan Amish. 
That's okay we have several luchadors whose purpose is to be a comic relief. 
The dare is neutralized when the daree has no shame. 
I would love to see you in an episode of Norm's podcast if he ever decides to put any more up. 
As a Mexican i NEVER miss any of your shows.   Over at r/mexico we are excited to watch your special! 
My wife had never seen ET up until a few years ago (I'm not actually joking, and we're in our thirties, so there no excuse), instead she had only watched Mac and Me.  I on the other hand, was a normal child growing up. 
You should find out if the league still exists and do a follow-up remote. 
It might take Jordan awhile to feel this burn. Does he feel pain? 
You should just walk around in it offering to spot people. 
I left this exchange with more questions than answers. 
Damn, not even an hour in, and Conan's already gone meta... 
You met your wife on a remote, you befriended Jack White on a remote....  it sounds like you should do more remotes. 
Personally, I like to practice law while listening to slow dancing music 
And you can trust him, because he's a scientist.   
2 comments in 1 year. Probably an alt account if true.  
Cool now every time my pee smells funky I'll be thinkin of you 
My wife made fun of me once for choosing Cocoa Krispies at the supermarket. An older gentleman in the aisle chimed in about how his kid stopped eating cereal like that since he was 10.  But fuck that, I'm a grown ass man and I can eat what I want! 
Did you see that ludicrous display last night, Conan?  
There's actually no period after the "S", because there's no name behind it.  True story.  
Thank you!  We both actually love trying different pizza places, so this is perfect.  So many new places opened up in the area.  I'll let her know tonight. 
Beards should be kept in a temperature controlled basement.  
This is my favorite response.. It's nice to know you enjoy your work. You always seem up to the challenge of staying in character and going along with the bit. 
Oh my god, reading through these answers is like getting an impromptu Conan stand-up. 
*Spoiler alert:* I think you didn't realize that "Comedian" mode is Vicente's permanent state of mind. 
Reminds me of one of Norms openers where he was sitting around the table and his family of comedians were all upset he chose to be a doctor.  
Agreed, I did like Elijah Wood when he was on with him though. 
Is it because you can't hear the laughter anymore?  
Holy shit lmao. It's like you're a professional at this.  
"No Brady see? The cameras are all off. It's just us in here. I know we've only just met but it feels like a lifetime of longing" 
Fellow BHS grad.  I was so surprised at how much nicer it is as well.  All I remember from that school is that The Karate Kid IV destroyed my trust in movies because she runs around a first floor corner and suddenly appears on the second floor on the opposite side of the building.  Damn liars. 
Cuba, and now the Trotsky museum. You're hitting up all of my Commie vacation bucket list hot spots.  Also, it was an ice ax, not an ice pick. 
However, a close second would be a pterodactyl whose eyes are anuses.  
/u/Oldschoolhollywood is going to print this out and use it as their facebook profile picture. And it'll probably be on their fridge, forever. 
The specificity of this response is actually impressive.  
Pete Best and Stuart Sutcliffe are devastated. They're also dead, but they're devastated. 
I'm so sorry.  If it makes you feel any better, this is one of the greatest moments of my life. 
How about that unaired episode where you raced Teri Hatcher, slipped, hit your head on the ground, got a concussion, and didn't even remember throwing to commercial? 
Thank you, I was trying to translate it based on my two year old high school spanish knowledge and my translation made no sense. Good to hear that the actual sentence made no sense!  
Did you smoke with Ice Cube and Kevin Hart when you went to a dispensary during the girl's driving test?  
And 1 from Aristotle saying sorry but he's more of a Leno guy.  
I'm a doctor, and I do know you have to suck on at least 3ish glow sticks to help. 
I was actually surprised there wasn't one version where they reenact the scene themselves with him as every character 
I think this is the best answer we've ever had to this question. "No, it's a Taco". Brilliant.  
Which is why I answered no when my high school friends asked if I was a virgin. 
Dammit man! You can't just play by your own rules! A loose cannon like you can bring this whole firm down! 
Almond researcher here. For maximum efficiency, we make the 1 almond and then launch the 1 gallon of water into space, rendering it forever unusable. 
The problem with Conan is, he always tries to walk it in.  
The S stands for SAVAGE.  You don't need a friggin period after being called Savage. 
I'm going with Andrew Jackson. That man ran on the souls of native american babies and pure hate.  
You're going to be greeted by 1000 Reddit neckbeards when you get there. 
"I know the best microbiologist. The best. He's my father. Thomas F. O'Brien. You know, a lot of people say that they know what's good for us in this field. No. I do, because I know the best there is. You know, one day he gave a speech at a university about his work, and it was beautiful. Standing ovations for 10-15 minutes. For that long? Not common. But for my father, that man can do whatever he wants to with a correct mindset."  
Till they realize that would mean telling everyone their Reddit name.  
Liam Cartwright doesn't even exist as far as I can tell. Conan is such a troll (even though the Beatles weren't called the Beatles in 1958) 
Think there was enough smoke in the car that he didn't need to. 
He was booked for Conan when Leno turned him down, but then Leno decided he wanted him on at the last minute, and Aristotle flip-flopped back to ole wonder-chin. 
Except her cowardly husband who makes out with other dudes in the Civil War. 
Devils advocate: He wrote it and the script was shelved until after he left. 
I had an onion on my belt... which was the style at the time  
 SOMEONE'S going to get a call from TBS hiring Department 
But what about subs where you don't cut all the way through? Like at Subway, Potbelly, etc? Are they sandwiches or tacos? 
The good news is that when humans finally make it to Mars they'll find the surface littered with 1.1 gallon jugs of almond water. 
My GF plays Pokemon go, so she'll have fun talking about that with them. 
Don't know about you, but I reckon he'd be perfect for the Tonight Show 
You all know about the permanent revolution, right? 
Liam Cartwright was Duke Silver's first stage name. When he left the band, the Beatles almost never recovered. It took them a few years before they were able to reform as a lesser band. 
There are a few episodes after Conan left where on the DVD commentary they'll mention "yeah that was a Conan joke". If he wrote it/pitched it while he worked for them, they own it, doesn't have to be a whole script. 
No worries, I figured as much :) I think it was pretty clever as you'd have to know about the clueless gamer skit about witcher 3 to even get it. 
"We didn't have any capital, and there was a giant, lit up 'FACT' sign on top the building, so we had to incorporate that into our advertising".  That's some real world shit.   
That bald guy with the goatee was far more into Conan. 
This whole contest was funny to Houstonians because Mattress Mack was far more well known here. He was a staple in our city. 
Well if anyone's confused, she's the white one that's featured the most, at the ad agency. There are only a few women in the entire clip.  
Not that I've noticed. Airlines still make the additional money from uninformed, so it might be silly to get rid of hidden-city opportunities. 
Yes. If the airline decides to reroute you due to a plethora of factors this can happen. However it is rare. 
It turns out services that provide airfare data make it really difficult to facilitate what Skiplagged does, i.e. search by stopovers. I had to figure out an efficient and scalable solution to this huge obstacle, given that airfare is lots of data that changes every few minutes.  The website and app don't make money right now, but there are lots of ways Skiplagged as a travel service can in the future (e.g. hotel commissions).  
Never had a complaint. We tell you to book a round-trip as two one-ways if it involves missing a flight. 
You reminded me of how difficult it was to educate consumers. It feels weird, but fortunately the trick is real here. 
Pretend you live in California. You want to go to Denver Colorado. The ticket is $550. But there's also a flight to Nashville Tennessee that has a layover in Denver. This flight is only $300. So you book the flight to Nashville and just get off your plane when it stops in Denver and you stay in Denver.  The only issue with this is it's a one way ticket and you cannot check your baggage. you either have to mail it to your destination beforehand or just have carry on baggage.  
You'll appear as having missed your departure on your origin and it invalidates the rest of the trip unless you have a customer service agent override it.  Say your plane to second leg was significantly delayed due to maintenance and you just decided to rent a car and drive to the next airport instead and told the agent and had him exception it.  I've heard of it happening a few times when someone would just decide to go from PIT to IAD or EWR via car to make their flight out to another area. 
Fellow engineer super interested in this question.  
Right now with the data collected from various forums like Flyertalk and other travel bloggers, 45-60 days out is generally accepted sweet spot time. 
Same issue. It asks me if I'm connected to the Internet lol. 
Or a straw poll that it edited into the original charity description area. 
Yes, if they catch you doing this they can ban you from the airline. 
Hey fellow RPI grad! Thanks for the nice comment. My favorite part was that the computer science curriculum prepared me well for the working world. Least favorite was the boring city. You? 
All the airlines have some sort of agreement. If you missed a flight, you missed a flight. They can't really prove you missed on purpose and therefore violated the contract. 
Glad you found Skiplagged useful! Money is a scarce resource...definitely word of mouth. 
I've never had a plane sit and wait because someone wasn't there. I'd imagine they'd only wait if like.. the pilot didn't show up. They don't sit and wait an extra amount of time because grandma thought her flight was on a different day, do they? 
I'm a travel agent dude. While I would probably never sell these to a client or even recommend them due to a duty of care, I can't see anything stopping me from booking any of these flights. Min/Max connection times don't really have any affect here... 
The way we help users book is by just providing information. This way, there's no link back to skiplagged. 
I noticed a hidden-city opportunity while searching for flights. Did research and realized these opportunities are quite prevalent--25% of common routes offer cheaper fares. Also noticed other things like how two one-ways can be cheaper than round-trips, combining one-ways to form a route can be cheaper than normal one-ways, and how two round-trips can be cheaper than one round-trip. Wanted to build something that presents a whole new class of fares to consumers. 
Just a PSA to those who are planning to use this service and book a flight with it: Airlines are very privy to the Hidden City "trick" and will not hesitate to shut down your frequent flyer account (and take away your "miles") . You may be able to get away with it once or twice but if you are flying regularly and have a frequent flyer account with that airline, they will figure it out.    
Airlines also don't like it when you use the word 'hijacking' 
As wonderful a sentiment as that is, that's very rarely how multi-billion dollar companies operate. I don't want to be a negative nancy here, but you shouldn't be surprised if you see the inside of a courtroom again soon.  Or, even more likely, find yourself on the receiving end of their lobbying team.  
Yup, I'm sure you'll do the right thing -- I appreciate the response!    Big fan by the way -- I'm actually in business school now and your name comes up all the time as someone who just bootlegged a ridiculously useful product out of nowhere.  So many people here are trying to figure out how to disrupt the airline industry and you really nailed it.  Keep at it! 
Rare indeed. Only 2.5% of trips get rerouted, usually in obvious times of issues like bad weather. 
Whats stopping them from filing it again in the right jurisdiction after you donate the money and cant fight it? 
American law is so weird. Here in germany that federal judge would have decided which jurisdiction was the correct one and the suit would continue in that court. 
are you worried that airlines can strong-arm you out of commissions because they're friendly with hotels? 
I think the question is asking what the remedy for hidden city booking is if your flight is changed or cancelled, either intentionally by the airlines for violating their terms, or coincidentally (e.g. due to bad weather). Does your site have any remedy, or is this just a risk that passengers have to live with? 
So if one purchases two one way tickets through the same airline and misses a segment on the first ticket, will the return ticket be cancelled?  Is this just for round-trip tickets? 
Why would they charge less for two trips instead of one? Never got this but I've used this trick forever. 
Isn't the crux of this whole issue that somehow taking fewer of the same flights costs hundreds more? This really seems like a problem with the way airlines handle their booking and they're mad we found a way around some of it. 
I tried this once. My grandmother was sick and we wanted to spend more time with her. The second leg of the trip started 30 minutes from her place but united wouldn't let me skip the first flight and said the second would get cancelled. This was the return portion of a cross-country round-trip ticket so it's not like I was really gaining anything... They made me purchase a new ticket, completely cancelling the old one. They said I could reschedule if I showed them a death certificate/doctor's note. 
After reading all the other comments, it sounds extremely likely that they will take him to court at least one more time. Better to start at 30k for some lawyers than 0k. Wait til your turning a profit before worrying about charity.   On the other hand, it sounds like he said that he would donate what's left from this case to charity in the original gofundme, so it may not be great PR to keep it.  
I think he might walk out on your before you get to the pizza, but all you really wanted was the beer anyway. 
I think people sometimes lay their frustrations on airlines when in reality the issue is flying is a frustrating process. Southwest is one of my favorite companies because they continuously do everything they can to make customers happy. 
Came here... searched for "RPI". :)  Also went to RPI for computer science. 
But let's say they could prove it. What could they do to you? Cancel your return flight? Revoke your frequent flyer status? Ban you from flying with them? 
Yeah, Skiplagged is more than just me now. We're hiring too...email apply@skiplagged.com 
What if you don't have a frequent flier account? Is there anything else they can do about it? 
Overheard in the TSA screening line: 'Oh yeah, I found out about this sweet deal from a hijacked comment on reddit, it was the booooomb!' 
Good lord that is insane. Any chance to appeal / say sorry really nicely? :c 
Release code to github, host servers in china, under a different company name that is registered to an LLC that is based in Brazil that is owned by another LLC in bahamas and that LLC is a subsiary of the original LLC. 
Maybe I'm just too conservative when it comes to risk taking but 2.5% is 2.49% more than I'm comfortable with. 
They may have filed thinking they were going to scare the kid into giving in. When he came back with proper counsel and national media attention they may just consider cutting their losses. Bringing another lawsuit is likely going to bring even more attention to the site which isn't good for the airlines. 
This should be the top response to this thread. I find it hard to believe OP has a lawyer who was able to win the jurisdictional issue but hasn't warned the OP that there is a VERY HIGH likelihood he gets sued again in the correct jurisdiction.  
Jurisdiction is very important and not a loophole. I bet you'd be pissed if someone sued you in Alaska if you lived in Georgia, and they sued you over something that happened in New York. 
I can't imagine this would be something that they have any sort of obligation to compensate you for. It seems like something that would be firmly in the 'use at your own risk' camp, like sports betting arbing and the like 
Round trip only. your return one way ticket will be safe. 
If fewer people want to go to Nashville (using this example) they can make the trip with one or two smaller planes and use less fuel than sending one big plane to Nashville, with the caveat that a stop in the middle is required. Lower operating costs = cheaper tickets. 
Yeah but knowing the internet, if he didn't follow up on the original promise people would crucify him over it, it's stupid because he's probably gonna see more lawsuits but what're you gonna do 
It is but they only recommend a few charities and don't give much information on the ones they don't recommend. If you're set on giving money to a charity they don't recommend you're better off with charity navigator but should remember that it's not the best use of your money. 
